objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athlete admires the young kid that the joyful farmer inspires	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athlete admires the miserable singer that the old man inspires	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete admires the miserable woman that the big girl avoids	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete approves the tiny boy that the huge friend admires	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete approves the joyful boy that the large victim encourages	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete approves the joyful father that the old friend knows	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete approves the small friend that the large victim discourages	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete approves the big friend that the miserable victim engages	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete approves the young lawyer that the old guy engages	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athlete approves the tiny uncle that the small woman remembers	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete avoids the tiny kid that the old uncle understands	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete avoids the huge teacher that the small boy engages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete avoids the tiny woman that the big boy inspires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athlete confuses the old boy that the joyful friend encourages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athlete confuses the miserable father that the happy kid admires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athlete confuses the ecstatic victim that the young girl knows	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete confuses the joyful victim that the big kid engages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete criticizes the miserable friend that the big mother inspires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athlete criticizes the young lawyer that the miserable woman stimulates	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athlete criticizes the joyful mother that the little singer remembers	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete criticizes the sad poet that the young woman inspires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete discourages the huge farmer that the tiny doctor observes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athlete discourages the joyful poet that the small carpenter greets	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athlete discourages the ecstatic singer that the joyful poet stimulates	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete discourages the miserable victim that the joyful poet engages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athlete encourages the old man that the huge singer understands	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete encourages the young singer that the huge girl discourages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athlete encourages the miserable singer that the huge lawyer remembers	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athlete engages the tiny friend that the small guy confuses	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete engages the miserable girl that the joyful guy greets	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete engages the miserable mother that the small friend observes	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete engages the old poet that the young kid discourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete engages the miserable woman that the happy carpenter understands	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete greets the sad boy that the big victim encourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athlete greets the small carpenter that the little poet avoids	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athlete greets the happy father that the joyful singer confuses	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athlete greets the sad lawyer that the tiny singer encourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athlete greets the sad man that the miserable boy knows	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athlete inspires the ecstatic doctor that the joyful singer remembers	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete inspires the sad mother that the old lawyer admires	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete inspires the joyful victim that the small aunt approves	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athlete knows the old girl that the huge father observes	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athlete knows the old poet that the joyful singer discourages	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete knows the large uncle that the miserable girl engages	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete observes the small aunt that the large doctor criticizes	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athlete observes the old lawyer that the miserable teacher encourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athlete observes the miserable lawyer that the young uncle discourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athlete remembers the big aunt that the large singer avoids	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete remembers the big boy that the happy mother criticizes	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete remembers the young poet that the ecstatic mother discourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete remembers the little victim that the sad woman knows	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete stimulates the large girl that the huge lawyer knows	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete stimulates the miserable man that the large singer observes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete stimulates the small man that the miserable woman admires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athlete understands the small woman that the happy aunt knows	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt admires the little girl that the ecstatic victim engages	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt admires the sad guy that the tiny mother stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunt approves the large man that the sad teacher inspires	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt avoids the large boy that the joyful teacher admires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunt avoids the tiny guy that the little doctor stimulates	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt avoids the big kid that the little victim greets	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunt avoids the happy mother that the old friend understands	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt confuses the young girl that the miserable singer encourages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt confuses the happy kid that the sad poet discourages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt confuses the small teacher that the happy victim avoids	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunt criticizes the big athlete that the large uncle stimulates	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt criticizes the tiny man that the happy carpenter inspires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunt criticizes the huge singer that the sad mother confuses	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunt criticizes the tiny uncle that the ecstatic victim observes	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt discourages the joyful boy that the small farmer remembers	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunt discourages the tiny farmer that the old father avoids	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt discourages the big girl that the tiny father stimulates	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunt discourages the large lawyer that the small athlete engages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunt discourages the small woman that the little friend admires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt encourages the tiny guy that the big singer remembers	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt encourages the tiny lawyer that the young farmer understands	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunt encourages the young uncle that the tiny farmer inspires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt encourages the little victim that the young lawyer engages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunt engages the young farmer that the sad poet stimulates	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunt greets the ecstatic athlete that the small farmer approves	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunt greets the huge kid that the happy woman encourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt greets the small singer that the sad carpenter knows	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt greets the huge uncle that the old man knows	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt inspires the joyful athlete that the old uncle approves	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt inspires the small boy that the sad carpenter discourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunt inspires the young boy that the miserable mother criticizes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt inspires the ecstatic lawyer that the small uncle criticizes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt inspires the old teacher that the small woman admires	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunt inspires the miserable victim that the huge woman understands	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt knows the old boy that the little singer encourages	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt knows the big doctor that the small farmer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunt knows the tiny girl that the happy poet encourages	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt knows the sad guy that the large father admires	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt knows the joyful guy that the miserable mother remembers	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt knows the tiny kid that the small athlete engages	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt knows the large kid that the happy poet confuses	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt knows the big teacher that the joyful mother approves	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt knows the large uncle that the young lawyer confuses	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunt observes the joyful mother that the old father greets	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt observes the large teacher that the ecstatic poet greets	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt remembers the tiny athlete that the old father admires	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt remembers the large boy that the young kid engages	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt remembers the ecstatic carpenter that the huge guy criticizes	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunt remembers the young father that the large guy criticizes	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt remembers the young father that the miserable mother criticizes	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt remembers the young man that the huge lawyer encourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt stimulates the miserable friend that the sad lawyer encourages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunt stimulates the small girl that the ecstatic carpenter criticizes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunt stimulates the happy mother that the sad poet criticizes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt understands the old lawyer that the joyful man engages	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt understands the joyful man that the ecstatic kid avoids	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy admires the happy athlete that the joyful doctor engages	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy admires the sad aunt that the joyful teacher engages	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boy admires the small carpenter that the miserable woman knows	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy admires the miserable farmer that the old kid knows	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy admires the small father that the little kid stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy admires the ecstatic guy that the happy woman remembers	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy admires the ecstatic mother that the old father engages	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boy admires the ecstatic singer that the tiny girl remembers	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy admires the small teacher that the huge lawyer discourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boy approves the little guy that the joyful girl observes	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy avoids the large uncle that the small friend engages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy confuses the sad man that the huge teacher stimulates	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy criticizes the little aunt that the young teacher inspires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boy criticizes the small man that the joyful girl encourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boy discourages the old doctor that the ecstatic aunt confuses	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boy discourages the little guy that the sad kid encourages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy encourages the sad teacher that the little poet observes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boy encourages the joyful woman that the ecstatic guy inspires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boy engages the sad athlete that the huge man stimulates	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boy engages the joyful singer that the sad man understands	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy engages the happy teacher that the sad farmer greets	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boy engages the joyful uncle that the ecstatic victim greets	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boy greets the small man that the joyful carpenter approves	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy inspires the joyful girl that the happy uncle engages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boy knows the miserable girl that the small athlete admires	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy knows the small uncle that the large guy observes	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy observes the sad kid that the little teacher greets	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boy observes the large lawyer that the happy teacher criticizes	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy remembers the huge farmer that the young girl criticizes	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy remembers the huge lawyer that the tiny teacher approves	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boy remembers the sad mother that the huge lawyer inspires	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy stimulates the huge athlete that the happy singer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boy stimulates the happy aunt that the little woman criticizes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy stimulates the huge farmer that the big father encourages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy stimulates the happy friend that the old girl admires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy understands the miserable athlete that the happy victim approves	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy understands the joyful kid that the miserable mother engages	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter admires the large girl that the happy singer approves	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter admires the happy victim that the sad guy encourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter approves the small singer that the happy guy confuses	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter approves the joyful uncle that the large girl inspires	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter avoids the big poet that the tiny uncle knows	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter avoids the small uncle that the little poet observes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter confuses the huge doctor that the miserable mother admires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter confuses the ecstatic father that the large guy understands	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter confuses the big lawyer that the huge father discourages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter confuses the young man that the miserable kid encourages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter confuses the little victim that the sad friend approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter criticizes the joyful guy that the young poet approves	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter criticizes the little lawyer that the young uncle avoids	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter criticizes the large mother that the ecstatic girl knows	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter discourages the happy kid that the young lawyer inspires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter encourages the tiny farmer that the young aunt avoids	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter encourages the ecstatic girl that the happy lawyer observes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter encourages the big singer that the small kid greets	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter engages the old father that the huge mother admires	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter engages the miserable kid that the joyful father greets	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter greets the ecstatic athlete that the sad boy stimulates	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter greets the joyful man that the large singer encourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter inspires the small farmer that the old doctor confuses	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter inspires the large girl that the young father remembers	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter inspires the miserable mother that the happy athlete knows	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter knows the happy friend that the large doctor stimulates	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter knows the big girl that the little man discourages	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter knows the old lawyer that the happy woman observes	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter knows the big mother that the old farmer understands	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter knows the little woman that the miserable uncle remembers	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter observes the small athlete that the huge farmer approves	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter observes the large boy that the small kid stimulates	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter observes the miserable farmer that the happy boy approves	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter observes the sad woman that the big girl remembers	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter remembers the sad singer that the large doctor discourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter stimulates the huge farmer that the small doctor remembers	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter stimulates the old singer that the huge doctor encourages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter understands the joyful man that the little doctor knows	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter understands the young teacher that the happy girl criticizes	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor admires the tiny poet that the young aunt criticizes	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor admires the miserable singer that the tiny poet discourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor admires the happy uncle that the tiny singer observes	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctor approves the young farmer that the joyful victim greets	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor approves the old guy that the large boy admires	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctor approves the little man that the tiny friend greets	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor approves the joyful victim that the small teacher understands	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctor avoids the ecstatic man that the large athlete approves	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor avoids the sad singer that the happy athlete admires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctor avoids the tiny woman that the sad carpenter admires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor avoids the little woman that the happy guy remembers	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctor confuses the huge carpenter that the tiny friend stimulates	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor confuses the ecstatic guy that the old father observes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctor confuses the joyful poet that the little woman observes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor confuses the sad victim that the large singer knows	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor criticizes the little poet that the huge mother greets	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor criticizes the large poet that the young woman understands	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor criticizes the young victim that the miserable poet encourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctor discourages the small mother that the big teacher confuses	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor discourages the large singer that the miserable mother avoids	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor discourages the young singer that the huge woman approves	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor encourages the tiny friend that the large father criticizes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor engages the tiny athlete that the little uncle inspires	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor engages the joyful poet that the miserable teacher encourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctor greets the happy farmer that the old kid admires	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor greets the huge mother that the small boy engages	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor greets the small mother that the old victim confuses	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor inspires the old boy that the little guy engages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor inspires the ecstatic boy that the small kid approves	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor inspires the young farmer that the little singer admires	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor inspires the joyful father that the happy farmer encourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctor inspires the big teacher that the old singer greets	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor inspires the little woman that the tiny uncle stimulates	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor knows the huge athlete that the joyful uncle encourages	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor knows the old boy that the tiny victim confuses	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor observes the sad carpenter that the tiny lawyer discourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctor observes the happy guy that the joyful teacher stimulates	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor observes the small singer that the sad father approves	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor observes the huge uncle that the big teacher admires	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor observes the small victim that the sad aunt engages	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor remembers the young athlete that the sad singer confuses	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctor remembers the miserable carpenter that the large kid stimulates	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor remembers the big teacher that the little girl inspires	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctor remembers the joyful uncle that the sad carpenter criticizes	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctor stimulates the large carpenter that the joyful uncle inspires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor understands the joyful aunt that the old woman remembers	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor understands the miserable boy that the large victim confuses	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor understands the large farmer that the young mother stimulates	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctor understands the big lawyer that the young friend stimulates	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor understands the big woman that the sad uncle engages	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer admires the big athlete that the small lawyer understands	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer admires the miserable friend that the joyful kid stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer admires the old man that the tiny singer greets	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer admires the small victim that the sad uncle greets	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmer approves the joyful woman that the big uncle greets	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer avoids the miserable girl that the happy guy understands	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer avoids the large girl that the joyful woman encourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer avoids the sad singer that the little friend understands	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmer avoids the young teacher that the sad uncle observes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmer confuses the tiny doctor that the happy teacher remembers	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmer confuses the joyful doctor that the small woman understands	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmer confuses the ecstatic girl that the old lawyer stimulates	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmer confuses the old woman that the ecstatic father knows	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmer criticizes the old athlete that the little doctor encourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmer criticizes the large victim that the huge man understands	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer discourages the miserable mother that the large guy knows	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer encourages the huge lawyer that the happy singer observes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmer encourages the happy man that the miserable kid understands	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmer encourages the sad teacher that the little kid stimulates	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer engages the happy doctor that the huge kid knows	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer engages the old man that the huge athlete remembers	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer greets the huge boy that the tiny guy criticizes	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmer greets the tiny doctor that the little woman engages	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer greets the young kid that the sad singer understands	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer greets the big teacher that the sad poet criticizes	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmer greets the ecstatic victim that the joyful man confuses	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmer inspires the tiny aunt that the young boy engages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer inspires the happy father that the miserable friend observes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer inspires the small friend that the joyful singer observes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmer inspires the big guy that the young lawyer engages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmer inspires the miserable kid that the old athlete approves	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmer inspires the large teacher that the big boy encourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer inspires the joyful woman that the happy father greets	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmer knows the young aunt that the joyful doctor inspires	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer observes the miserable man that the ecstatic uncle remembers	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmer observes the joyful poet that the young lawyer admires	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmer observes the happy uncle that the large father criticizes	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer observes the small victim that the joyful teacher approves	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer remembers the old athlete that the tiny friend observes	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer remembers the old aunt that the tiny victim avoids	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmer remembers the little father that the joyful mother understands	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmer remembers the small mother that the happy carpenter greets	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer stimulates the large athlete that the tiny poet remembers	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer stimulates the happy doctor that the little boy understands	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer stimulates the ecstatic lawyer that the big carpenter approves	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmer stimulates the old mother that the tiny lawyer avoids	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer stimulates the ecstatic mother that the large victim engages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer stimulates the tiny singer that the miserable lawyer approves	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer understands the large aunt that the small father observes	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmer understands the sad guy that the happy doctor criticizes	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer understands the tiny kid that the big lawyer discourages	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer understands the ecstatic teacher that the little kid knows	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer understands the happy uncle that the small boy remembers	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big father admires the old athlete that the sad boy understands	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father admires the small carpenter that the young aunt discourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father admires the large doctor that the small athlete understands	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old father approves the happy athlete that the ecstatic victim greets	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little father approves the small boy that the young teacher encourages	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old father approves the miserable carpenter that the happy aunt inspires	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful father approves the miserable victim that the old man observes	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge father avoids the big athlete that the happy woman approves	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big father avoids the tiny boy that the large uncle observes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father avoids the large friend that the big guy discourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge father confuses the old doctor that the sad guy knows	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young father confuses the small lawyer that the joyful kid greets	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small father confuses the big poet that the tiny victim engages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father confuses the tiny teacher that the big singer approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad father confuses the young victim that the tiny guy avoids	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father criticizes the old guy that the joyful friend observes	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father criticizes the joyful kid that the tiny carpenter engages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father criticizes the large lawyer that the small singer greets	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful father discourages the old athlete that the young boy observes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small father discourages the old carpenter that the sad girl approves	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny father discourages the large girl that the joyful teacher stimulates	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small father encourages the young athlete that the joyful poet understands	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father encourages the large boy that the huge doctor confuses	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad father encourages the young mother that the old guy knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large father encourages the big mother that the huge kid avoids	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small father encourages the sad singer that the big boy avoids	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little father encourages the old woman that the huge poet confuses	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable father engages the large kid that the little singer admires	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old father engages the sad poet that the small guy encourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable father engages the tiny poet that the ecstatic lawyer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge father greets the joyful boy that the large lawyer understands	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old father greets the small doctor that the huge boy inspires	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old father greets the ecstatic kid that the big aunt stimulates	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old father greets the young man that the sad teacher knows	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large father greets the huge uncle that the little athlete knows	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old father greets the small woman that the ecstatic uncle confuses	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable father inspires the ecstatic carpenter that the young mother admires	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father inspires the tiny man that the little aunt criticizes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small father inspires the sad teacher that the ecstatic poet knows	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful father knows the sad boy that the big girl inspires	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful father observes the large doctor that the tiny guy approves	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old father observes the happy friend that the small girl approves	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful father observes the miserable singer that the old farmer stimulates	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little father remembers the sad boy that the young woman stimulates	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father remembers the ecstatic victim that the young teacher criticizes	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge father stimulates the little boy that the large man knows	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful father stimulates the huge uncle that the little poet engages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful father stimulates the small victim that the large boy confuses	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young father understands the old aunt that the big farmer discourages	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large father understands the ecstatic aunt that the big friend inspires	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny father understands the happy carpenter that the small farmer engages	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge father understands the big doctor that the old woman confuses	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny father understands the old mother that the huge lawyer knows	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little father understands the happy teacher that the joyful lawyer discourages	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend admires the happy mother that the huge teacher stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend admires the miserable woman that the joyful carpenter encourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friend approves the big girl that the large uncle observes	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friend approves the huge uncle that the happy teacher confuses	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend avoids the huge carpenter that the tiny teacher greets	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friend avoids the old doctor that the large carpenter remembers	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend avoids the tiny farmer that the small poet knows	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend avoids the large guy that the ecstatic farmer greets	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friend avoids the large lawyer that the ecstatic man approves	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend confuses the happy aunt that the young carpenter admires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friend confuses the little father that the sad guy discourages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friend confuses the tiny girl that the sad doctor admires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friend confuses the tiny uncle that the big poet remembers	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friend criticizes the sad boy that the joyful victim admires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend criticizes the happy carpenter that the joyful mother stimulates	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend criticizes the large mother that the big guy knows	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friend discourages the small woman that the sad poet observes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend encourages the small farmer that the big woman knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friend encourages the huge father that the tiny mother criticizes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friend encourages the happy man that the huge victim engages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend encourages the tiny singer that the little mother knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend engages the sad mother that the little doctor encourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend engages the little mother that the huge girl avoids	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friend greets the young farmer that the miserable boy admires	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend greets the miserable victim that the happy teacher engages	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friend inspires the ecstatic athlete that the small lawyer remembers	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend inspires the small guy that the big mother avoids	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend inspires the large poet that the sad man greets	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend inspires the ecstatic teacher that the large singer stimulates	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend inspires the young uncle that the tiny athlete discourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friend inspires the huge victim that the joyful athlete avoids	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend inspires the sad woman that the large lawyer confuses	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend knows the sad doctor that the large victim stimulates	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friend knows the little man that the tiny guy encourages	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friend observes the young athlete that the large woman criticizes	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friend observes the little aunt that the old uncle remembers	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friend observes the miserable girl that the big man confuses	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend observes the little lawyer that the tiny father avoids	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend remembers the large boy that the happy teacher confuses	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friend remembers the joyful carpenter that the young guy criticizes	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friend remembers the tiny farmer that the large teacher observes	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friend stimulates the ecstatic farmer that the young uncle confuses	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friend stimulates the huge mother that the young lawyer approves	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend understands the ecstatic athlete that the huge father approves	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend understands the small aunt that the happy poet confuses	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friend understands the happy boy that the joyful mother encourages	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friend understands the happy father that the tiny doctor greets	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friend understands the small poet that the little father criticizes	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friend understands the huge uncle that the sad teacher confuses	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl admires the joyful athlete that the miserable poet confuses	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girl admires the tiny guy that the big aunt encourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl admires the old man that the large boy understands	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl admires the little poet that the sad guy stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girl approves the young athlete that the tiny carpenter knows	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl approves the small kid that the sad athlete observes	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girl approves the huge teacher that the ecstatic aunt encourages	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl avoids the young athlete that the small teacher criticizes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girl avoids the huge doctor that the big teacher remembers	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl avoids the old poet that the miserable athlete understands	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl avoids the huge singer that the tiny guy understands	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl confuses the sad poet that the joyful carpenter greets	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl confuses the little uncle that the sad guy approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl confuses the small woman that the joyful mother remembers	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl confuses the small woman that the happy mother stimulates	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girl criticizes the happy kid that the miserable father observes	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girl criticizes the little mother that the large farmer engages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl criticizes the small mother that the miserable victim admires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girl criticizes the young singer that the happy guy observes	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girl criticizes the joyful singer that the large victim inspires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girl discourages the joyful guy that the sad father encourages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl discourages the little victim that the big mother stimulates	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl encourages the young carpenter that the joyful uncle admires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girl encourages the miserable doctor that the young singer discourages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girl encourages the young guy that the miserable father stimulates	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl encourages the large lawyer that the small father greets	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl engages the small carpenter that the big kid inspires	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl engages the joyful father that the large kid encourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girl engages the tiny kid that the small man knows	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl greets the sad athlete that the old teacher engages	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl greets the old farmer that the huge lawyer knows	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girl greets the small guy that the tiny father encourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl greets the large kid that the old boy discourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl greets the old man that the young singer understands	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girl greets the small singer that the big teacher knows	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl inspires the large friend that the small guy understands	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girl inspires the old singer that the miserable lawyer approves	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girl inspires the tiny victim that the ecstatic kid encourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girl inspires the sad victim that the little uncle confuses	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girl inspires the huge woman that the tiny mother criticizes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl knows the joyful athlete that the happy woman admires	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girl knows the big aunt that the happy uncle avoids	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girl knows the miserable kid that the big singer greets	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girl knows the joyful poet that the miserable carpenter discourages	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl observes the small doctor that the large farmer engages	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl observes the ecstatic guy that the small aunt approves	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl remembers the miserable farmer that the young athlete engages	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl remembers the ecstatic friend that the huge carpenter approves	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girl remembers the little man that the large singer greets	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girl stimulates the tiny aunt that the huge guy approves	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girl stimulates the little boy that the happy athlete avoids	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl stimulates the happy carpenter that the large man engages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl stimulates the huge friend that the joyful uncle approves	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl understands the small lawyer that the little doctor remembers	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl understands the joyful uncle that the sad father criticizes	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy admires the tiny friend that the little athlete confuses	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guy admires the young kid that the tiny mother discourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy admires the small mother that the large singer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guy admires the ecstatic uncle that the little father encourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy approves the huge uncle that the joyful athlete stimulates	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy approves the joyful woman that the large victim criticizes	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guy avoids the ecstatic athlete that the little woman criticizes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy avoids the big boy that the little poet admires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy avoids the huge farmer that the big athlete greets	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy avoids the little kid that the sad man confuses	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guy avoids the big teacher that the huge singer admires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy avoids the sad victim that the ecstatic lawyer stimulates	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy confuses the little father that the happy uncle avoids	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy confuses the miserable mother that the young carpenter approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy confuses the happy victim that the miserable poet inspires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy criticizes the young carpenter that the ecstatic aunt inspires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy criticizes the sad carpenter that the old girl admires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guy criticizes the ecstatic father that the big kid admires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guy criticizes the old father that the joyful poet inspires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guy criticizes the little woman that the young lawyer confuses	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guy criticizes the large woman that the big man avoids	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guy discourages the young athlete that the small kid engages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy discourages the huge aunt that the big doctor remembers	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy discourages the old boy that the big girl avoids	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy discourages the young boy that the little singer understands	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy discourages the miserable carpenter that the little father engages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy discourages the sad doctor that the little poet admires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guy discourages the huge father that the little girl confuses	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy encourages the huge carpenter that the old man observes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy encourages the little friend that the tiny singer engages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy encourages the big poet that the miserable victim criticizes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guy encourages the large singer that the miserable mother greets	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy engages the ecstatic aunt that the huge uncle remembers	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guy engages the old girl that the huge woman approves	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guy engages the tiny lawyer that the large aunt avoids	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy engages the old lawyer that the happy mother approves	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guy engages the big lawyer that the large singer knows	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy engages the large poet that the joyful doctor admires	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy engages the happy woman that the miserable father encourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy greets the small aunt that the ecstatic lawyer encourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guy greets the joyful carpenter that the big athlete discourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guy greets the ecstatic man that the huge friend knows	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guy greets the happy singer that the small boy stimulates	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guy greets the ecstatic teacher that the big athlete stimulates	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy greets the old teacher that the big friend understands	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guy inspires the old carpenter that the miserable father criticizes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy inspires the sad carpenter that the big lawyer confuses	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy inspires the sad mother that the large farmer discourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy inspires the huge uncle that the joyful woman observes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guy knows the tiny athlete that the little poet approves	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy knows the young poet that the sad aunt remembers	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guy observes the miserable athlete that the big lawyer encourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy observes the large kid that the tiny boy confuses	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy observes the tiny singer that the big woman understands	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guy remembers the happy mother that the little boy encourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guy remembers the young poet that the sad aunt knows	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy understands the huge farmer that the small poet knows	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy understands the sad friend that the happy father criticizes	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kid admires the happy athlete that the ecstatic aunt criticizes	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid admires the small doctor that the big uncle stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid admires the old farmer that the huge doctor inspires	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid admires the miserable mother that the happy boy discourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kid admires the old uncle that the ecstatic doctor greets	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kid admires the happy woman that the huge father confuses	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kid approves the happy aunt that the small lawyer admires	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid approves the little carpenter that the large guy admires	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid approves the big friend that the ecstatic father remembers	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kid approves the big friend that the little victim stimulates	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid approves the large guy that the young girl understands	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kid avoids the big aunt that the old victim confuses	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kid avoids the large carpenter that the sad uncle understands	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kid avoids the young lawyer that the joyful guy approves	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid avoids the tiny lawyer that the joyful singer greets	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid avoids the large uncle that the joyful woman encourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid confuses the big farmer that the old carpenter avoids	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid confuses the big farmer that the small poet stimulates	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid confuses the young friend that the happy man admires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid confuses the miserable guy that the ecstatic mother stimulates	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kid confuses the large guy that the sad singer engages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kid confuses the old mother that the huge carpenter remembers	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kid confuses the tiny victim that the big carpenter understands	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kid criticizes the big carpenter that the young mother approves	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kid criticizes the ecstatic guy that the sad man stimulates	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid discourages the large father that the small man knows	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid encourages the little athlete that the huge woman engages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid encourages the old father that the large mother knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kid encourages the sad father that the ecstatic singer remembers	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kid engages the old girl that the joyful athlete observes	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kid engages the small man that the big athlete approves	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kid engages the joyful poet that the sad woman understands	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kid engages the joyful singer that the happy athlete knows	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid inspires the joyful aunt that the tiny uncle approves	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kid inspires the joyful friend that the huge woman discourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kid inspires the happy uncle that the huge lawyer avoids	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kid knows the big girl that the little farmer stimulates	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kid knows the large singer that the big man criticizes	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid observes the miserable doctor that the old aunt discourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid remembers the big friend that the little father avoids	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kid remembers the huge guy that the big singer admires	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kid remembers the big teacher that the small singer encourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid remembers the large woman that the sad girl knows	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid remembers the old woman that the joyful victim avoids	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid stimulates the miserable aunt that the joyful friend criticizes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kid stimulates the big father that the huge teacher inspires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kid stimulates the little guy that the joyful victim confuses	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kid stimulates the miserable poet that the tiny doctor avoids	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kid understands the old girl that the sad singer stimulates	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer admires the little boy that the big guy discourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer admires the young mother that the tiny athlete remembers	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer admires the small teacher that the old farmer remembers	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer approves the big aunt that the tiny farmer admires	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer approves the little aunt that the miserable farmer discourages	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer approves the ecstatic boy that the happy uncle observes	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer approves the small farmer that the big man confuses	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer avoids the large boy that the old athlete stimulates	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer avoids the happy friend that the huge guy greets	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer avoids the young poet that the sad uncle encourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer avoids the young uncle that the big father remembers	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer confuses the large man that the joyful boy observes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer confuses the large poet that the old aunt approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer confuses the huge singer that the sad mother avoids	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer confuses the ecstatic uncle that the small poet greets	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer confuses the little victim that the happy aunt engages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer confuses the young woman that the huge farmer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer criticizes the happy father that the miserable aunt stimulates	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer criticizes the big friend that the old man admires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer criticizes the little woman that the ecstatic aunt inspires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer discourages the young doctor that the old guy inspires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer discourages the large guy that the ecstatic poet greets	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer discourages the large uncle that the small singer admires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer encourages the tiny farmer that the huge uncle discourages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer encourages the young girl that the small guy approves	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer encourages the big girl that the tiny guy greets	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer engages the big athlete that the miserable carpenter approves	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer engages the sad boy that the joyful kid greets	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer engages the happy doctor that the miserable poet criticizes	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer greets the ecstatic friend that the large mother inspires	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer greets the sad woman that the tiny carpenter stimulates	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer inspires the tiny aunt that the little kid stimulates	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer inspires the tiny father that the ecstatic singer confuses	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer knows the miserable girl that the old friend confuses	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer knows the sad uncle that the joyful guy engages	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer observes the huge carpenter that the tiny singer greets	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer observes the joyful doctor that the young athlete criticizes	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer observes the little friend that the old man engages	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer remembers the joyful aunt that the large doctor encourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer remembers the little carpenter that the sad teacher admires	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer remembers the large woman that the sad teacher knows	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer stimulates the young aunt that the ecstatic father greets	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer stimulates the happy singer that the little carpenter confuses	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer stimulates the small woman that the little doctor knows	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer understands the small guy that the tiny uncle greets	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer understands the happy man that the joyful aunt inspires	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer understands the happy singer that the miserable teacher knows	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable man admires the old friend that the ecstatic victim encourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful man approves the ecstatic father that the happy athlete criticizes	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny man approves the huge kid that the joyful singer inspires	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny man approves the ecstatic lawyer that the happy carpenter avoids	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young man approves the old mother that the miserable poet avoids	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful man approves the huge mother that the ecstatic poet confuses	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young man approves the huge singer that the tiny carpenter criticizes	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old man approves the young woman that the small father observes	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful man avoids the small carpenter that the little uncle knows	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable man avoids the young father that the huge doctor confuses	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable man avoids the happy guy that the joyful girl engages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old man avoids the happy lawyer that the large girl confuses	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable man avoids the little mother that the young athlete admires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man confuses the huge doctor that the tiny guy stimulates	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man confuses the miserable kid that the happy father criticizes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young man criticizes the large guy that the small girl avoids	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man criticizes the sad kid that the big boy stimulates	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man discourages the tiny doctor that the miserable victim inspires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man discourages the small girl that the tiny kid admires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man discourages the young singer that the ecstatic farmer greets	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man discourages the old victim that the young aunt admires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little man encourages the sad doctor that the young athlete observes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man encourages the ecstatic girl that the huge woman remembers	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable man encourages the big lawyer that the young doctor remembers	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man encourages the young mother that the ecstatic woman approves	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man engages the sad carpenter that the miserable farmer admires	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small man engages the miserable carpenter that the old poet inspires	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny man engages the little kid that the miserable lawyer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable man engages the old poet that the sad uncle understands	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old man engages the little uncle that the tiny kid admires	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man greets the young carpenter that the small woman inspires	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big man greets the old girl that the tiny guy confuses	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man greets the big guy that the tiny boy confuses	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man greets the old poet that the tiny doctor engages	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man greets the miserable teacher that the young friend discourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man greets the large teacher that the miserable singer confuses	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man greets the happy teacher that the joyful uncle approves	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful man greets the large uncle that the big girl stimulates	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man inspires the small athlete that the tiny uncle engages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful man inspires the sad father that the young carpenter approves	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful man inspires the small friend that the young father criticizes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small man inspires the happy lawyer that the joyful guy greets	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small man inspires the big poet that the sad father engages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man inspires the small poet that the miserable friend criticizes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny man inspires the young poet that the old singer understands	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man inspires the old singer that the small lawyer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young man inspires the little teacher that the joyful aunt avoids	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny man knows the big boy that the sad singer engages	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny man knows the ecstatic father that the large doctor remembers	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man knows the joyful singer that the large girl remembers	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man knows the miserable uncle that the little kid stimulates	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man observes the young doctor that the huge guy discourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man observes the joyful farmer that the tiny carpenter remembers	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny man observes the small girl that the happy poet engages	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man remembers the little friend that the young teacher avoids	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small man remembers the huge guy that the old doctor understands	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man stimulates the small athlete that the joyful father remembers	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big man stimulates the miserable aunt that the small woman remembers	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small man stimulates the large poet that the old girl observes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man understands the large mother that the big lawyer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man understands the old singer that the big lawyer encourages	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother admires the small boy that the tiny guy discourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother admires the sad carpenter that the ecstatic teacher avoids	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother admires the happy doctor that the tiny athlete observes	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother admires the tiny father that the huge girl remembers	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother admires the big father that the old man confuses	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother admires the ecstatic friend that the small boy remembers	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother admires the huge victim that the small kid knows	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother approves the sad farmer that the young boy greets	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother avoids the happy boy that the little athlete admires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother avoids the large friend that the ecstatic carpenter knows	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother avoids the ecstatic singer that the little aunt greets	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother confuses the tiny athlete that the ecstatic woman criticizes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother confuses the joyful farmer that the small friend encourages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mother confuses the joyful girl that the happy friend approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mother criticizes the old girl that the miserable athlete greets	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother criticizes the huge lawyer that the little teacher confuses	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother criticizes the small man that the old woman discourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother criticizes the big poet that the old carpenter understands	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mother criticizes the small singer that the big uncle admires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mother criticizes the small woman that the joyful teacher discourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother discourages the large friend that the ecstatic singer encourages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother discourages the ecstatic man that the old guy inspires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother encourages the sad doctor that the big woman stimulates	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother encourages the miserable girl that the small boy observes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother engages the old carpenter that the joyful farmer greets	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother engages the small poet that the tiny victim observes	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother engages the big poet that the young woman discourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mother engages the tiny victim that the huge uncle admires	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother greets the small athlete that the little kid engages	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother greets the ecstatic aunt that the huge teacher avoids	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother greets the large girl that the young boy inspires	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mother greets the ecstatic teacher that the huge singer remembers	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother inspires the joyful guy that the old boy admires	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother inspires the happy kid that the miserable father avoids	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mother inspires the ecstatic lawyer that the old girl remembers	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother inspires the miserable man that the huge father admires	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mother inspires the young uncle that the large kid approves	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mother knows the tiny girl that the miserable woman inspires	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother knows the huge man that the large kid greets	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother knows the little poet that the sad farmer inspires	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother knows the large woman that the small girl approves	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother observes the ecstatic boy that the huge friend knows	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother observes the miserable teacher that the joyful lawyer encourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mother remembers the little man that the tiny teacher approves	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother stimulates the huge aunt that the big boy inspires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother stimulates the miserable boy that the huge singer understands	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother stimulates the sad doctor that the big victim engages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother stimulates the huge lawyer that the sad guy knows	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mother stimulates the joyful man that the happy lawyer knows	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother stimulates the ecstatic poet that the joyful teacher avoids	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother understands the old athlete that the miserable father approves	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother understands the large farmer that the old father discourages	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother understands the old father that the ecstatic girl remembers	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother understands the tiny teacher that the large lawyer greets	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mother understands the tiny uncle that the little singer approves	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet admires the happy boy that the huge girl understands	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poet admires the old kid that the miserable uncle discourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poet admires the miserable lawyer that the joyful woman avoids	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poet approves the tiny carpenter that the miserable kid admires	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet approves the miserable carpenter that the big teacher admires	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poet approves the young carpenter that the miserable uncle knows	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poet approves the little girl that the sad farmer stimulates	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poet approves the joyful kid that the little boy understands	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet avoids the ecstatic carpenter that the huge lawyer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poet avoids the happy man that the huge girl encourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poet avoids the little teacher that the large man stimulates	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet avoids the joyful victim that the happy lawyer discourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet confuses the sad singer that the little teacher admires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet confuses the old uncle that the tiny singer inspires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet criticizes the young farmer that the happy lawyer remembers	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poet criticizes the ecstatic friend that the tiny aunt approves	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poet criticizes the ecstatic kid that the large father remembers	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet criticizes the miserable man that the sad mother confuses	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poet discourages the young aunt that the joyful carpenter admires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet discourages the sad aunt that the tiny lawyer confuses	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poet discourages the sad father that the tiny singer avoids	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poet encourages the joyful carpenter that the ecstatic singer remembers	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poet encourages the huge father that the little boy knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poet encourages the happy guy that the little farmer knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poet encourages the young lawyer that the miserable boy admires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet encourages the small mother that the miserable farmer understands	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poet encourages the sad mother that the old singer knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet engages the ecstatic lawyer that the little woman observes	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet engages the old teacher that the huge farmer inspires	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poet engages the tiny teacher that the little victim avoids	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poet greets the happy aunt that the big kid stimulates	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet greets the young carpenter that the huge man discourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poet greets the huge kid that the tiny father remembers	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poet greets the sad lawyer that the joyful father criticizes	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poet greets the little singer that the large guy engages	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poet greets the tiny teacher that the happy woman knows	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet inspires the ecstatic carpenter that the joyful boy remembers	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poet inspires the miserable girl that the young farmer greets	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poet inspires the sad uncle that the happy boy admires	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poet inspires the huge victim that the ecstatic woman observes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poet knows the large aunt that the young carpenter encourages	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poet knows the tiny aunt that the ecstatic friend engages	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet knows the sad boy that the small woman discourages	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poet knows the happy friend that the ecstatic lawyer approves	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet knows the joyful man that the happy boy remembers	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poet observes the big man that the old doctor stimulates	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet observes the ecstatic man that the young farmer avoids	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poet observes the huge man that the joyful lawyer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poet observes the joyful victim that the old father confuses	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poet remembers the joyful friend that the big aunt confuses	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poet remembers the tiny mother that the sad guy approves	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poet stimulates the little man that the small carpenter avoids	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poet understands the joyful athlete that the large uncle engages	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poet understands the ecstatic teacher that the large woman avoids	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet understands the big victim that the huge girl greets	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singer admires the large kid that the ecstatic athlete understands	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singer approves the small farmer that the joyful doctor knows	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singer approves the small friend that the miserable aunt confuses	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singer avoids the old kid that the huge friend approves	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singer avoids the small mother that the happy carpenter approves	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singer avoids the little uncle that the ecstatic kid engages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer confuses the joyful boy that the small athlete remembers	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer confuses the miserable carpenter that the large girl admires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer confuses the old doctor that the large victim encourages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singer confuses the little father that the happy athlete engages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer confuses the miserable father that the small girl observes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singer confuses the miserable mother that the sad poet engages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer criticizes the miserable athlete that the young boy discourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singer discourages the old girl that the large aunt avoids	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singer discourages the ecstatic kid that the tiny farmer admires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singer discourages the little teacher that the sad doctor inspires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singer encourages the little athlete that the joyful father engages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singer encourages the sad farmer that the large man approves	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer encourages the little man that the sad lawyer observes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer engages the sad girl that the joyful teacher stimulates	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singer engages the tiny man that the old athlete confuses	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer greets the big kid that the young father stimulates	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singer greets the large mother that the big girl stimulates	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singer greets the large poet that the huge guy knows	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer inspires the little athlete that the big friend observes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer inspires the large doctor that the little man confuses	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singer inspires the small farmer that the big guy greets	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer inspires the miserable father that the old man understands	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer inspires the ecstatic lawyer that the little mother engages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer knows the young carpenter that the tiny father criticizes	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer knows the sad father that the little victim encourages	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singer observes the big boy that the sad girl inspires	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singer observes the huge father that the tiny kid inspires	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singer observes the big father that the little victim inspires	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singer observes the huge girl that the sad father admires	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer observes the small guy that the big victim admires	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer observes the huge man that the ecstatic teacher remembers	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer remembers the sad uncle that the huge aunt criticizes	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singer stimulates the large aunt that the ecstatic victim admires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer stimulates the joyful farmer that the big carpenter observes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer stimulates the small girl that the large poet discourages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer understands the big aunt that the large friend remembers	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teacher admires the miserable athlete that the old victim avoids	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher admires the ecstatic boy that the little doctor approves	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher admires the little boy that the young poet approves	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher admires the miserable lawyer that the large farmer inspires	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teacher approves the tiny father that the ecstatic doctor knows	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher approves the old girl that the little farmer knows	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teacher avoids the large victim that the miserable girl discourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teacher avoids the happy woman that the old kid engages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teacher confuses the sad boy that the miserable lawyer observes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher confuses the sad carpenter that the tiny athlete engages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teacher confuses the big father that the little man discourages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teacher confuses the joyful friend that the large boy criticizes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teacher confuses the joyful lawyer that the little guy greets	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teacher confuses the young mother that the big poet knows	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher confuses the happy singer that the joyful guy approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teacher criticizes the tiny father that the young mother engages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher criticizes the small lawyer that the joyful woman stimulates	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teacher criticizes the tiny man that the happy athlete greets	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher discourages the small farmer that the tiny carpenter avoids	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teacher discourages the big singer that the joyful guy encourages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher discourages the big woman that the joyful lawyer encourages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teacher encourages the ecstatic aunt that the young poet approves	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teacher encourages the big father that the old kid stimulates	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher encourages the ecstatic mother that the old kid understands	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher engages the huge aunt that the large poet observes	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher engages the tiny guy that the large father knows	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher engages the little poet that the tiny boy encourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teacher engages the miserable uncle that the big athlete remembers	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teacher engages the little uncle that the joyful father encourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teacher greets the ecstatic boy that the tiny farmer observes	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teacher greets the little boy that the ecstatic mother remembers	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher greets the huge mother that the small doctor encourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teacher greets the small uncle that the joyful mother admires	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teacher greets the little uncle that the big victim understands	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher inspires the small uncle that the old boy discourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher knows the huge farmer that the large mother criticizes	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teacher knows the miserable kid that the huge boy confuses	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher knows the little victim that the tiny aunt admires	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teacher observes the happy carpenter that the ecstatic victim understands	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher observes the big father that the joyful kid discourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher observes the joyful man that the small lawyer avoids	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher observes the young mother that the happy victim stimulates	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teacher remembers the large aunt that the small boy understands	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher remembers the old doctor that the small farmer knows	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher remembers the little farmer that the young mother criticizes	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher stimulates the joyful farmer that the ecstatic poet criticizes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher stimulates the ecstatic victim that the old boy knows	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teacher understands the joyful mother that the tiny uncle inspires	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncle admires the sad singer that the miserable kid understands	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncle admires the young singer that the happy man inspires	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncle admires the huge victim that the tiny guy stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncle approves the miserable carpenter that the huge doctor avoids	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncle approves the sad carpenter that the old father understands	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle avoids the small carpenter that the old athlete greets	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle avoids the large farmer that the small friend remembers	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle avoids the young friend that the old teacher observes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle avoids the old mother that the sad man engages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncle avoids the small singer that the joyful woman encourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncle confuses the joyful carpenter that the small lawyer encourages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle confuses the ecstatic carpenter that the small man engages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncle confuses the old carpenter that the ecstatic poet engages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle confuses the ecstatic father that the sad mother approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle confuses the joyful kid that the old doctor remembers	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncle confuses the sad mother that the small man approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle discourages the miserable father that the sad carpenter criticizes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle discourages the young guy that the large kid remembers	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle discourages the huge lawyer that the big aunt knows	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncle discourages the young man that the large father confuses	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle discourages the miserable teacher that the big father criticizes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle encourages the large victim that the big mother avoids	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle engages the miserable kid that the little teacher stimulates	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle engages the ecstatic victim that the little mother admires	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle greets the small aunt that the old guy confuses	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle greets the tiny aunt that the large teacher encourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle inspires the young athlete that the little guy understands	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle knows the joyful mother that the happy singer understands	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle observes the old boy that the huge lawyer inspires	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncle observes the young girl that the huge singer greets	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle observes the big victim that the sad poet greets	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncle remembers the large farmer that the old man observes	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle remembers the large girl that the small aunt encourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle remembers the sad teacher that the huge singer observes	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncle remembers the big victim that the huge friend discourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle remembers the sad victim that the tiny singer confuses	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncle remembers the huge victim that the tiny woman observes	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncle stimulates the old athlete that the little kid understands	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle stimulates the small lawyer that the young boy engages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle stimulates the old woman that the little teacher avoids	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle understands the small farmer that the large man criticizes	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle understands the sad farmer that the big woman greets	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle understands the little guy that the young girl greets	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncle understands the happy mother that the tiny aunt remembers	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle understands the small teacher that the tiny friend knows	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim admires the small father that the sad girl confuses	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim approves the young friend that the happy athlete observes	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim approves the little guy that the big aunt encourages	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victim avoids the tiny farmer that the big mother confuses	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim confuses the large aunt that the miserable girl avoids	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victim confuses the large doctor that the small father avoids	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victim criticizes the miserable boy that the happy farmer observes	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victim criticizes the old carpenter that the little kid remembers	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victim criticizes the ecstatic farmer that the little athlete engages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim criticizes the miserable man that the small athlete encourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victim criticizes the joyful man that the young guy stimulates	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victim criticizes the big singer that the old guy discourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim criticizes the large teacher that the miserable friend approves	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim discourages the tiny singer that the young girl criticizes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victim discourages the miserable woman that the young girl criticizes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victim encourages the miserable carpenter that the old girl engages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim encourages the large friend that the joyful father understands	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim encourages the sad friend that the huge singer observes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim encourages the big guy that the old athlete criticizes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim encourages the sad kid that the big father engages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victim encourages the huge kid that the little mother engages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victim encourages the miserable uncle that the sad farmer engages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim engages the miserable athlete that the large lawyer confuses	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victim engages the ecstatic father that the young kid criticizes	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victim engages the large friend that the joyful athlete observes	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victim engages the happy man that the big teacher admires	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim engages the happy mother that the old singer approves	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim engages the large singer that the big poet avoids	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim greets the old uncle that the happy friend discourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim inspires the big carpenter that the small man knows	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim inspires the big carpenter that the large singer engages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victim inspires the tiny kid that the old girl approves	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim inspires the young mother that the old girl criticizes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim knows the tiny carpenter that the large doctor admires	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim knows the miserable man that the large guy admires	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim knows the tiny mother that the miserable lawyer discourages	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victim knows the ecstatic poet that the young friend encourages	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim observes the huge carpenter that the large man approves	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victim observes the joyful father that the young kid discourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim observes the joyful man that the sad kid understands	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victim remembers the huge friend that the big singer avoids	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victim remembers the miserable girl that the big uncle knows	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim remembers the sad man that the large doctor inspires	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victim remembers the joyful teacher that the small athlete avoids	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim stimulates the small doctor that the sad friend inspires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim stimulates the huge teacher that the ecstatic boy encourages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim understands the happy farmer that the large singer confuses	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim understands the ecstatic friend that the huge poet admires	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victim understands the huge guy that the miserable athlete stimulates	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim understands the large lawyer that the big farmer knows	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad woman admires the big boy that the huge singer discourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman admires the sad kid that the happy victim stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman approves the miserable friend that the sad girl admires	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big woman approves the tiny girl that the large farmer remembers	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy woman avoids the joyful athlete that the huge father knows	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman avoids the little athlete that the small mother confuses	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big woman avoids the miserable friend that the huge lawyer stimulates	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge woman avoids the large kid that the miserable man engages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad woman confuses the large aunt that the small victim observes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman confuses the happy friend that the little singer approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large woman confuses the huge uncle that the old victim discourages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad woman confuses the tiny uncle that the ecstatic victim engages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big woman criticizes the sad boy that the young carpenter knows	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman criticizes the sad friend that the ecstatic lawyer knows	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large woman criticizes the little kid that the sad mother inspires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman discourages the huge friend that the sad kid avoids	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman discourages the large friend that the big poet remembers	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad woman encourages the tiny aunt that the miserable victim stimulates	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge woman engages the small lawyer that the tiny singer remembers	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman greets the little aunt that the huge doctor admires	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman greets the big doctor that the little father knows	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman greets the small friend that the young lawyer avoids	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge woman greets the tiny lawyer that the young friend admires	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman greets the little lawyer that the large victim knows	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman inspires the large doctor that the small girl criticizes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman inspires the old uncle that the miserable friend admires	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old woman inspires the big victim that the small girl knows	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman knows the large victim that the happy mother confuses	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman observes the young aunt that the big father knows	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman observes the big carpenter that the miserable victim confuses	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad woman observes the big kid that the tiny mother confuses	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad woman remembers the miserable doctor that the large athlete greets	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman remembers the huge father that the miserable lawyer avoids	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad woman remembers the large man that the big friend understands	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman remembers the tiny teacher that the miserable uncle encourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman remembers the large uncle that the tiny carpenter criticizes	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big woman remembers the tiny uncle that the joyful father avoids	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman stimulates the joyful father that the small mother inspires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman understands the little athlete that the joyful teacher admires	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman understands the huge doctor that the miserable man observes	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad woman understands the big girl that the ecstatic friend avoids	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge woman understands the little man that the young guy stimulates	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athlete admires the sad aunt that the miserable mothers confuse	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athlete admires the large kid that the little lawyers confuse	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete admires the large kid that the old singers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete admires the large man that the joyful carpenters criticize	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete admires the large woman that the sad men approve	singular	singular	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete approves the old boy that the small women know	singular	singular	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athlete approves the large carpenter that the huge boys understand	singular	singular	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athlete approves the little girl that the happy aunts observe	singular	singular	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athlete approves the large girl that the young victims engage	singular	singular	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete approves the old kid that the miserable girls avoid	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athlete avoids the tiny girl that the small fathers admire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athlete avoids the little guy that the joyful carpenters engage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athlete confuses the tiny woman that the little mothers approve	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete criticizes the young guy that the miserable girls avoid	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete criticizes the sad singer that the tiny lawyers encourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete criticizes the young woman that the little men approve	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete discourages the large father that the little victims greet	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athlete discourages the miserable friend that the ecstatic farmers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete discourages the huge man that the happy doctors stimulate	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athlete encourages the young friend that the huge mothers inspire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete encourages the ecstatic girl that the large friends observe	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athlete encourages the miserable kid that the big teachers understand	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete encourages the little lawyer that the big fathers greet	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete encourages the miserable mother that the small poets know	singular	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athlete engages the large guy that the happy carpenters remember	singular	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete engages the large singer that the little doctors stimulate	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete engages the small woman that the young uncles approve	singular	singular	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete greets the large carpenter that the joyful girls stimulate	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete greets the large father that the sad guys remember	singular	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete greets the sad friend that the young doctors engage	singular	singular	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athlete greets the big guy that the sad lawyers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athlete greets the joyful singer that the young farmers engage	singular	singular	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete greets the old woman that the tiny mothers approve	singular	singular	plural	greet	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athlete inspires the happy boy that the small fathers engage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete inspires the ecstatic singer that the large women discourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete knows the young girl that the sad boys greet	singular	singular	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete knows the big mother that the tiny doctors admire	singular	singular	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete knows the ecstatic mother that the little doctors avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete knows the small victim that the joyful kids greet	singular	singular	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete observes the huge kid that the large farmers confuse	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete observes the small victim that the large fathers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete observes the young woman that the miserable fathers inspire	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athlete remembers the happy boy that the old aunts engage	singular	singular	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete remembers the happy farmer that the joyful girls avoid	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete remembers the old farmer that the little kids criticize	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete remembers the large friend that the young uncles discourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete remembers the old man that the joyful poets know	singular	singular	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athlete remembers the small victim that the ecstatic poets know	singular	singular	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete stimulates the huge teacher that the large farmers remember	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete stimulates the miserable victim that the sad uncles inspire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athlete understands the large doctor that the big victims observe	singular	singular	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athlete understands the big farmer that the little girls observe	singular	singular	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athlete understands the old farmer that the small guys admire	singular	singular	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete understands the tiny kid that the big lawyers remember	singular	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athlete understands the little lawyer that the happy boys greet	singular	singular	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt admires the big carpenter that the old singers encourage	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt admires the big mother that the ecstatic doctors criticize	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt admires the miserable poet that the joyful kids confuse	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunt approves the old doctor that the tiny fathers avoid	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunt approves the ecstatic doctor that the joyful men engage	singular	singular	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt approves the small poet that the huge athletes stimulate	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt avoids the huge friend that the ecstatic boys criticize	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt avoids the big lawyer that the large guys criticize	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunt avoids the large woman that the happy mothers admire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunt confuses the joyful boy that the large farmers criticize	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunt confuses the miserable lawyer that the sad doctors inspire	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt confuses the large victim that the ecstatic girls engage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt criticizes the small kid that the old mothers confuse	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt criticizes the joyful mother that the happy carpenters encourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunt discourages the happy athlete that the miserable women know	singular	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt discourages the happy carpenter that the old poets confuse	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt encourages the old boy that the joyful uncles observe	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunt encourages the young man that the ecstatic fathers engage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt encourages the happy victim that the sad men inspire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunt engages the small carpenter that the big guys criticize	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunt engages the ecstatic father that the little victims know	singular	singular	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt engages the ecstatic friend that the little farmers admire	singular	singular	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt engages the large friend that the small lawyers criticize	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt engages the miserable mother that the large guys know	singular	singular	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt engages the happy singer that the ecstatic victims criticize	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunt engages the miserable victim that the huge friends confuse	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt greets the young poet that the little athletes stimulate	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt greets the big teacher that the sad victims inspire	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt greets the old victim that the ecstatic doctors observe	singular	singular	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunt inspires the tiny farmer that the ecstatic poets remember	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt inspires the large friend that the young singers avoid	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt inspires the happy woman that the old men admire	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunt knows the young father that the big men admire	singular	singular	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunt knows the happy guy that the little lawyers avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt observes the young teacher that the sad poets inspire	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunt observes the big woman that the happy fathers greet	singular	singular	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunt observes the joyful woman that the sad poets greet	singular	singular	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunt remembers the young guy that the huge mothers understand	singular	singular	plural	remember	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt stimulates the sad boy that the little mothers greet	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt stimulates the old guy that the ecstatic doctors engage	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt stimulates the young poet that the large teachers inspire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt stimulates the young uncle that the happy lawyers approve	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunt understands the happy boy that the large victims avoid	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt understands the tiny lawyer that the joyful boys stimulate	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt understands the young woman that the large men criticize	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy admires the small aunt that the ecstatic guys confuse	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boy admires the large doctor that the joyful carpenters remember	singular	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy admires the little friend that the ecstatic singers discourage	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy admires the tiny girl that the large fathers inspire	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy admires the little uncle that the big friends approve	singular	singular	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boy admires the joyful uncle that the ecstatic girls understand	singular	singular	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy approves the young doctor that the miserable girls engage	singular	singular	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boy approves the tiny lawyer that the ecstatic carpenters remember	singular	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy approves the tiny lawyer that the young mothers discourage	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boy approves the sad mother that the big farmers criticize	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy approves the miserable victim that the young girls greet	singular	singular	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boy avoids the joyful aunt that the large fathers approve	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boy avoids the old aunt that the young uncles greet	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boy avoids the tiny guy that the old carpenters remember	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy avoids the small teacher that the miserable victims criticize	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boy confuses the big mother that the old poets stimulate	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy criticizes the huge carpenter that the old uncles admire	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy criticizes the big man that the huge victims discourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy criticizes the joyful teacher that the large women greet	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy criticizes the ecstatic uncle that the old aunts inspire	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boy discourages the huge carpenter that the big teachers avoid	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy discourages the small friend that the joyful women criticize	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boy discourages the large mother that the little poets engage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boy encourages the ecstatic victim that the sad lawyers discourage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy encourages the ecstatic woman that the young poets engage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy engages the ecstatic singer that the young doctors inspire	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy engages the big woman that the small aunts avoid	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy greets the large athlete that the little kids approve	singular	singular	plural	greet	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy greets the joyful carpenter that the young friends observe	singular	singular	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy greets the little carpenter that the sad poets understand	singular	singular	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy greets the large farmer that the little uncles understand	singular	singular	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boy greets the young father that the sad victims inspire	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy greets the joyful girl that the old guys avoid	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy greets the little lawyer that the sad mothers discourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy greets the old uncle that the little aunts criticize	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy greets the ecstatic uncle that the happy singers inspire	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy inspires the joyful mother that the sad lawyers admire	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy inspires the large uncle that the old farmers greet	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy knows the tiny carpenter that the old singers criticize	singular	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy knows the young farmer that the little victims approve	singular	singular	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy knows the joyful woman that the happy uncles engage	singular	singular	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boy observes the sad guy that the tiny uncles admire	singular	singular	plural	observe	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy remembers the tiny friend that the joyful athletes discourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy remembers the big lawyer that the miserable carpenters engage	singular	singular	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boy remembers the sad poet that the huge carpenters confuse	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy remembers the big victim that the young lawyers avoid	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boy stimulates the old friend that the small women confuse	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy stimulates the joyful lawyer that the old men avoid	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boy stimulates the old uncle that the little lawyers know	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boy understands the old carpenter that the happy aunts admire	singular	singular	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy understands the ecstatic doctor that the small girls confuse	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy understands the miserable lawyer that the little mothers greet	singular	singular	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter admires the young aunt that the little fathers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter admires the tiny farmer that the old athletes observe	singular	singular	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter admires the young friend that the little victims criticize	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter admires the ecstatic mother that the large aunts understand	singular	singular	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter approves the small friend that the little doctors observe	singular	singular	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter approves the old man that the young singers greet	singular	singular	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter approves the tiny singer that the happy boys know	singular	singular	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter avoids the small friend that the large victims criticize	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter avoids the happy guy that the old doctors know	singular	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter avoids the sad man that the miserable farmers admire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter avoids the happy mother that the small victims inspire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter avoids the tiny uncle that the sad men confuse	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter confuses the joyful mother that the large fathers inspire	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter criticizes the huge athlete that the young girls remember	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter criticizes the sad boy that the tiny kids know	singular	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter criticizes the ecstatic doctor that the small farmers inspire	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter criticizes the large guy that the small farmers discourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter criticizes the young lawyer that the old athletes remember	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter criticizes the young poet that the sad mothers understand	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter criticizes the miserable teacher that the old fathers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter criticizes the old victim that the sad aunts approve	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter discourages the happy teacher that the ecstatic poets encourage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter encourages the huge doctor that the young uncles admire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter encourages the large friend that the miserable singers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter encourages the young guy that the huge poets remember	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter encourages the little man that the sad doctors greet	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter engages the tiny friend that the big guys remember	singular	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter greets the huge singer that the joyful lawyers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter greets the big woman that the little kids encourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter inspires the joyful father that the ecstatic aunts know	singular	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter inspires the joyful girl that the small victims discourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter knows the large lawyer that the young singers observe	singular	singular	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter knows the happy mother that the sad boys admire	singular	singular	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter knows the sad teacher that the little kids understand	singular	singular	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter knows the small woman that the happy athletes discourage	singular	singular	plural	know	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter observes the young guy that the large farmers criticize	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter observes the big poet that the little teachers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter observes the little woman that the small kids approve	singular	singular	plural	observe	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter remembers the sad mother that the small men engage	singular	singular	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter remembers the old teacher that the huge kids approve	singular	singular	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter remembers the small victim that the joyful boys greet	singular	singular	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter stimulates the little athlete that the huge poets avoid	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter stimulates the miserable guy that the sad athletes avoid	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter stimulates the happy poet that the old mothers discourage	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter understands the sad boy that the huge farmers avoid	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor admires the miserable aunt that the huge fathers confuse	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor admires the small girl that the little lawyers observe	singular	singular	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor approves the tiny carpenter that the little uncles confuse	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor avoids the old mother that the big uncles know	singular	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor avoids the old victim that the small lawyers discourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor confuses the old aunt that the small farmers criticize	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor confuses the happy guy that the sad singers encourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor confuses the sad man that the old uncles discourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor confuses the young teacher that the joyful aunts engage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor confuses the huge teacher that the tiny carpenters greet	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor confuses the huge victim that the happy men encourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor criticizes the miserable friend that the small girls know	singular	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctor discourages the large guy that the old aunts encourage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor encourages the sad father that the miserable girls understand	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor encourages the ecstatic lawyer that the joyful aunts engage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor encourages the tiny mother that the sad poets stimulate	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctor encourages the happy poet that the small farmers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor encourages the happy singer that the big kids criticize	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor encourages the old teacher that the small men criticize	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor engages the small athlete that the huge boys stimulate	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor engages the miserable aunt that the young uncles understand	singular	singular	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor engages the big uncle that the young fathers approve	singular	singular	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor greets the joyful carpenter that the sad singers discourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor greets the big friend that the little farmers understand	singular	singular	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor greets the huge mother that the big fathers confuse	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor greets the small teacher that the little fathers confuse	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctor inspires the joyful boy that the little aunts greet	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor inspires the old farmer that the young kids approve	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor inspires the miserable father that the large kids understand	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor inspires the sad guy that the little girls admire	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctor inspires the miserable man that the joyful mothers understand	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctor inspires the miserable mother that the happy victims encourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor inspires the young uncle that the little carpenters greet	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor knows the big boy that the huge lawyers criticize	singular	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctor knows the ecstatic kid that the happy fathers admire	singular	singular	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor knows the old mother that the large women avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctor knows the young uncle that the miserable fathers understand	singular	singular	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor observes the joyful farmer that the big carpenters engage	singular	singular	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor observes the small father that the tiny friends discourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor observes the little friend that the miserable girls encourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor observes the little guy that the young boys avoid	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor observes the happy mother that the big boys greet	singular	singular	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctor observes the little teacher that the small carpenters understand	singular	singular	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor observes the little teacher that the happy lawyers greet	singular	singular	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor remembers the sad boy that the joyful men stimulate	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor remembers the happy carpenter that the sad fathers discourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor remembers the big father that the happy singers know	singular	singular	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctor remembers the small poet that the miserable fathers approve	singular	singular	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor stimulates the ecstatic aunt that the happy uncles understand	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor stimulates the large carpenter that the huge men discourage	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor stimulates the ecstatic friend that the sad aunts inspire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor stimulates the old girl that the joyful farmers engage	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctor stimulates the tiny poet that the ecstatic carpenters approve	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor understands the happy father that the big guys inspire	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor understands the huge friend that the big singers remember	singular	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmer admires the huge athlete that the old girls stimulate	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer admires the big aunt that the old uncles remember	singular	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer admires the large boy that the old poets discourage	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer admires the young doctor that the little teachers criticize	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer approves the happy aunt that the little teachers admire	singular	singular	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer approves the happy poet that the little doctors avoid	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer avoids the miserable doctor that the happy friends discourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer avoids the miserable friend that the young teachers remember	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer avoids the happy girl that the joyful singers understand	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmer avoids the tiny lawyer that the young friends criticize	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer avoids the happy lawyer that the ecstatic kids remember	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer confuses the small aunt that the young uncles greet	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer confuses the old father that the huge poets know	singular	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer confuses the huge lawyer that the joyful women encourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer criticizes the little athlete that the happy lawyers confuse	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmer criticizes the sad boy that the old teachers approve	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmer criticizes the old poet that the joyful boys understand	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer criticizes the tiny singer that the miserable poets encourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmer discourages the happy lawyer that the big men observe	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer discourages the large teacher that the small kids encourage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer encourages the little father that the happy kids greet	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer encourages the joyful woman that the old boys engage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer engages the big friend that the little athletes avoid	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmer engages the tiny friend that the large mothers confuse	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer engages the sad friend that the happy singers criticize	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer engages the little girl that the huge mothers criticize	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer engages the tiny lawyer that the huge fathers know	singular	singular	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer engages the little man that the sad aunts understand	singular	singular	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmer engages the sad uncle that the small lawyers greet	singular	singular	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmer engages the small victim that the large aunts encourage	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer greets the small poet that the big singers understand	singular	singular	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmer inspires the big aunt that the happy kids confuse	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmer inspires the tiny boy that the small poets criticize	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer knows the happy father that the large boys confuse	singular	singular	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer knows the large girl that the miserable boys admire	singular	singular	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer knows the huge guy that the tiny carpenters avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer knows the young lawyer that the little mothers encourage	singular	singular	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer knows the little man that the ecstatic aunts approve	singular	singular	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer knows the happy poet that the large fathers observe	singular	singular	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmer knows the joyful singer that the tiny carpenters engage	singular	singular	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer observes the little boy that the joyful lawyers admire	singular	singular	plural	observe	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer observes the miserable kid that the huge doctors discourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer observes the old man that the ecstatic singers encourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer remembers the small aunt that the happy uncles avoid	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer remembers the young father that the huge boys observe	singular	singular	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmer remembers the ecstatic man that the sad mothers greet	singular	singular	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmer remembers the little mother that the tiny friends criticize	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer remembers the joyful teacher that the sad poets know	singular	singular	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer stimulates the happy aunt that the sad victims inspire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer stimulates the happy boy that the small victims approve	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmer stimulates the ecstatic guy that the miserable fathers observe	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer understands the huge doctor that the little women know	singular	singular	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer understands the tiny guy that the big fathers discourage	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer understands the large lawyer that the big friends remember	singular	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer understands the small teacher that the miserable aunts stimulate	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer understands the happy uncle that the large boys engage	singular	singular	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big father admires the young boy that the little teachers confuse	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old father admires the huge man that the miserable girls remember	singular	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge father admires the small teacher that the ecstatic guys discourage	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father approves the joyful aunt that the little women engage	singular	singular	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father approves the sad carpenter that the happy farmers encourage	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large father approves the happy guy that the joyful carpenters inspire	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable father approves the large uncle that the small carpenters admire	singular	singular	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young father approves the little uncle that the happy teachers discourage	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable father avoids the sad girl that the young victims engage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little father confuses the ecstatic boy that the huge teachers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad father confuses the large kid that the miserable girls remember	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father criticizes the joyful athlete that the huge mothers greet	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small father criticizes the little teacher that the large carpenters understand	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father criticizes the joyful uncle that the miserable lawyers discourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge father discourages the joyful boy that the young guys stimulate	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small father discourages the huge carpenter that the joyful mothers inspire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father discourages the young friend that the ecstatic boys encourage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father discourages the big guy that the young doctors greet	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny father encourages the small teacher that the miserable lawyers observe	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young father engages the tiny boy that the sad athletes observe	singular	singular	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny father engages the huge carpenter that the sad aunts avoid	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father engages the miserable doctor that the happy mothers remember	singular	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big father engages the miserable girl that the large aunts remember	singular	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad father engages the old poet that the ecstatic friends stimulate	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father greets the tiny doctor that the huge men know	singular	singular	plural	greet	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad father greets the young doctor that the old teachers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful father greets the little uncle that the ecstatic farmers avoid	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large father greets the ecstatic woman that the miserable men discourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big father inspires the sad guy that the small aunts engage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large father inspires the big guy that the sad women approve	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large father inspires the huge kid that the sad women confuse	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father inspires the small teacher that the little uncles discourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad father inspires the miserable victim that the old farmers engage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small father knows the big friend that the joyful doctors stimulate	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little father knows the joyful teacher that the miserable guys criticize	singular	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father knows the old victim that the young doctors confuse	singular	singular	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father knows the small woman that the tiny guys understand	singular	singular	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small father observes the joyful farmer that the huge lawyers greet	singular	singular	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful father observes the old girl that the little teachers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little father remembers the small boy that the big mothers understand	singular	singular	plural	remember	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful father remembers the sad guy that the tiny kids understand	singular	singular	plural	remember	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small father remembers the sad singer that the joyful girls criticize	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad father stimulates the young lawyer that the small girls encourage	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father understands the miserable aunt that the joyful friends stimulate	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend admires the little guy that the joyful fathers avoid	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friend admires the tiny teacher that the sad men observe	singular	singular	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend approves the tiny athlete that the huge carpenters avoid	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friend approves the tiny boy that the joyful athletes criticize	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friend approves the happy father that the large men stimulate	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend approves the miserable lawyer that the little girls observe	singular	singular	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend approves the joyful lawyer that the miserable teachers confuse	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friend approves the young poet that the joyful uncles observe	singular	singular	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friend avoids the little aunt that the miserable men confuse	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friend avoids the small farmer that the huge doctors greet	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friend avoids the large kid that the sad teachers understand	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friend avoids the huge lawyer that the old carpenters observe	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend avoids the big lawyer that the happy uncles encourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friend avoids the happy teacher that the old athletes criticize	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend confuses the ecstatic aunt that the little women admire	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friend confuses the large farmer that the young aunts avoid	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friend confuses the sad man that the huge aunts approve	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend confuses the small man that the big farmers engage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friend criticizes the large doctor that the young guys stimulate	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend criticizes the little lawyer that the miserable mothers discourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friend criticizes the ecstatic man that the sad victims avoid	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friend discourages the little doctor that the big boys avoid	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend discourages the joyful victim that the young poets approve	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friend encourages the big father that the tiny boys admire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friend engages the happy carpenter that the large farmers avoid	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend engages the young carpenter that the huge girls admire	singular	singular	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend engages the huge carpenter that the old poets understand	singular	singular	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friend engages the miserable doctor that the large poets admire	singular	singular	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friend engages the small farmer that the huge athletes inspire	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend greets the young teacher that the sad boys inspire	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friend greets the huge victim that the joyful athletes encourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend inspires the happy teacher that the miserable doctors discourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friend knows the large athlete that the little lawyers remember	singular	singular	plural	know	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend knows the little farmer that the large victims criticize	singular	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friend knows the old mother that the little guys greet	singular	singular	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend observes the happy boy that the little men avoid	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend observes the little man that the happy aunts remember	singular	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend observes the sad mother that the little guys stimulate	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friend observes the big poet that the young girls criticize	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friend remembers the little doctor that the large kids approve	singular	singular	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friend remembers the young doctor that the miserable singers approve	singular	singular	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friend remembers the huge father that the large teachers greet	singular	singular	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend remembers the tiny lawyer that the small carpenters approve	singular	singular	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend remembers the big man that the sad farmers understand	singular	singular	plural	remember	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friend remembers the tiny singer that the sad men criticize	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend remembers the miserable victim that the joyful farmers encourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friend stimulates the small athlete that the ecstatic singers admire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friend stimulates the large aunt that the huge boys admire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend stimulates the young aunt that the big men know	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friend stimulates the large boy that the happy uncles confuse	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friend stimulates the little guy that the young women inspire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend stimulates the small teacher that the large guys know	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friend understands the sad farmer that the large carpenters stimulate	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl admires the young boy that the old aunts approve	singular	singular	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl admires the happy doctor that the little athletes encourage	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl admires the large friend that the little poets discourage	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girl admires the joyful victim that the young aunts understand	singular	singular	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girl admires the old victim that the sad men discourage	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girl approves the ecstatic friend that the sad men criticize	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl avoids the old father that the small farmers encourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl confuses the large father that the joyful carpenters inspire	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girl confuses the little mother that the miserable doctors remember	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girl confuses the huge uncle that the little friends inspire	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl criticizes the old athlete that the big victims encourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girl criticizes the little aunt that the happy carpenters encourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl criticizes the young boy that the tiny guys encourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl criticizes the old farmer that the tiny carpenters observe	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girl criticizes the big victim that the large boys admire	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl discourages the sad carpenter that the huge friends admire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girl discourages the large carpenter that the happy victims approve	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl discourages the young man that the huge friends greet	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl discourages the big mother that the happy athletes encourage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girl encourages the joyful aunt that the little kids remember	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl encourages the happy carpenter that the joyful poets confuse	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl encourages the big doctor that the huge poets admire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl encourages the joyful teacher that the huge athletes engage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl engages the old boy that the tiny doctors approve	singular	singular	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girl engages the joyful boy that the old guys approve	singular	singular	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girl greets the young aunt that the huge fathers admire	singular	singular	plural	greet	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl greets the miserable boy that the happy athletes know	singular	singular	plural	greet	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girl greets the huge farmer that the young kids understand	singular	singular	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girl greets the huge kid that the old poets observe	singular	singular	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girl inspires the little carpenter that the big friends admire	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl inspires the happy doctor that the joyful carpenters greet	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl inspires the large teacher that the ecstatic carpenters approve	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl knows the joyful athlete that the miserable aunts approve	singular	singular	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girl knows the huge uncle that the old teachers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girl observes the little carpenter that the old victims remember	singular	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girl observes the huge father that the joyful farmers remember	singular	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl observes the sad singer that the huge athletes criticize	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl observes the little teacher that the huge victims greet	singular	singular	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl stimulates the young doctor that the miserable boys avoid	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girl stimulates the miserable doctor that the joyful uncles admire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl stimulates the young lawyer that the small poets know	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girl stimulates the young poet that the big guys engage	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl understands the huge father that the ecstatic teachers avoid	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girl understands the old father that the huge victims admire	singular	singular	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl understands the sad guy that the young kids engage	singular	singular	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy admires the little carpenter that the big teachers confuse	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy admires the joyful doctor that the small poets remember	singular	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy admires the large friend that the small doctors inspire	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy admires the large friend that the huge teachers know	singular	singular	plural	admire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy admires the old mother that the miserable kids avoid	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guy admires the miserable uncle that the little aunts stimulate	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guy admires the large woman that the tiny uncles approve	singular	singular	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy approves the tiny carpenter that the small victims understand	singular	singular	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guy approves the joyful doctor that the tiny singers inspire	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guy approves the joyful man that the sad teachers admire	singular	singular	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy approves the joyful poet that the huge uncles know	singular	singular	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy approves the ecstatic uncle that the old women admire	singular	singular	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy avoids the tiny friend that the large mothers greet	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guy avoids the large girl that the happy aunts stimulate	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy confuses the sad mother that the miserable girls admire	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guy confuses the huge teacher that the small aunts greet	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guy criticizes the joyful aunt that the young athletes know	singular	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guy criticizes the huge aunt that the little girls greet	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guy criticizes the happy kid that the big friends confuse	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guy criticizes the huge man that the old boys avoid	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy criticizes the young victim that the ecstatic fathers engage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guy discourages the small aunt that the young men inspire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guy discourages the ecstatic friend that the old girls encourage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy discourages the huge girl that the sad athletes encourage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy discourages the young kid that the big boys approve	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guy discourages the miserable uncle that the young doctors encourage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guy discourages the big woman that the miserable lawyers criticize	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guy encourages the happy athlete that the young fathers know	singular	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy encourages the little doctor that the ecstatic friends engage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy encourages the young father that the huge carpenters confuse	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy encourages the tiny father that the big men greet	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy encourages the huge uncle that the large singers understand	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy engages the joyful uncle that the big girls avoid	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy greets the joyful boy that the tiny fathers avoid	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy greets the big father that the tiny poets criticize	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy greets the small kid that the little fathers engage	singular	singular	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guy inspires the joyful athlete that the small aunts remember	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy inspires the sad carpenter that the large friends avoid	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guy knows the happy aunt that the sad singers greet	singular	singular	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guy knows the huge boy that the young poets encourage	singular	singular	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy knows the large boy that the small women greet	singular	singular	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy knows the little carpenter that the ecstatic lawyers engage	singular	singular	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guy observes the small poet that the miserable doctors approve	singular	singular	plural	observe	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy observes the sad teacher that the young doctors approve	singular	singular	plural	observe	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy remembers the happy athlete that the small farmers admire	singular	singular	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy remembers the big aunt that the old athletes greet	singular	singular	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guy remembers the miserable friend that the young carpenters stimulate	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy remembers the huge man that the young carpenters avoid	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy stimulates the huge mother that the joyful boys observe	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy understands the large father that the ecstatic aunts criticize	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy understands the big girl that the ecstatic kids admire	singular	singular	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy understands the miserable kid that the tiny boys greet	singular	singular	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guy understands the happy lawyer that the young men inspire	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy understands the young uncle that the joyful fathers encourage	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid admires the little woman that the joyful farmers greet	singular	singular	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kid approves the happy aunt that the old lawyers avoid	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid approves the big uncle that the huge carpenters inspire	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kid avoids the big athlete that the old uncles engage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kid avoids the large boy that the old farmers understand	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kid avoids the little boy that the ecstatic victims understand	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kid avoids the old man that the tiny carpenters approve	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid avoids the sad uncle that the ecstatic doctors confuse	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid confuses the old guy that the little teachers understand	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kid confuses the huge lawyer that the ecstatic poets avoid	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid confuses the ecstatic poet that the small girls criticize	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid criticizes the ecstatic friend that the little carpenters understand	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kid criticizes the sad singer that the happy doctors confuse	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kid discourages the big guy that the sad fathers remember	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kid discourages the huge man that the miserable lawyers understand	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid discourages the small woman that the large lawyers remember	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid encourages the joyful athlete that the tiny fathers remember	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kid encourages the joyful lawyer that the small men engage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid encourages the tiny victim that the miserable fathers engage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kid engages the miserable athlete that the happy victims criticize	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid engages the little guy that the large teachers remember	singular	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kid engages the sad lawyer that the ecstatic aunts observe	singular	singular	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kid engages the happy uncle that the miserable fathers observe	singular	singular	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kid engages the tiny victim that the big carpenters know	singular	singular	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid greets the large boy that the tiny teachers know	singular	singular	plural	greet	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kid greets the large carpenter that the old fathers understand	singular	singular	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid greets the young father that the happy guys criticize	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid greets the huge friend that the sad farmers engage	singular	singular	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid inspires the little carpenter that the large lawyers confuse	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid inspires the big doctor that the old uncles discourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kid inspires the happy guy that the large mothers encourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kid inspires the young woman that the joyful victims engage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kid observes the little athlete that the happy girls encourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kid observes the large father that the miserable victims stimulate	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kid observes the large guy that the miserable victims inspire	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kid observes the big lawyer that the miserable boys engage	singular	singular	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid observes the large poet that the big lawyers understand	singular	singular	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid stimulates the sad athlete that the happy women observe	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kid stimulates the ecstatic friend that the old uncles admire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kid stimulates the large lawyer that the big fathers encourage	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid stimulates the joyful mother that the big aunts engage	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kid stimulates the tiny singer that the small farmers remember	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid understands the joyful girl that the happy men criticize	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid understands the old teacher that the large farmers criticize	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kid understands the small teacher that the ecstatic men remember	singular	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer admires the old father that the small uncles criticize	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer admires the old poet that the happy fathers criticize	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer approves the big athlete that the old uncles understand	singular	singular	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer approves the old man that the happy guys engage	singular	singular	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer avoids the joyful aunt that the ecstatic carpenters know	singular	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer avoids the huge carpenter that the miserable men know	singular	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer avoids the miserable kid that the little men encourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer avoids the little woman that the sad friends know	singular	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer confuses the sad farmer that the miserable aunts encourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer confuses the tiny poet that the huge women discourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer criticizes the joyful doctor that the happy girls know	singular	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer criticizes the big farmer that the huge poets greet	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer criticizes the little guy that the joyful mothers greet	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer criticizes the old uncle that the big fathers know	singular	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer discourages the happy doctor that the large farmers engage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer discourages the miserable farmer that the happy singers approve	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer encourages the old farmer that the sad fathers approve	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer encourages the joyful friend that the happy mothers engage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer encourages the big singer that the miserable doctors greet	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer encourages the large teacher that the huge girls remember	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer encourages the happy uncle that the little athletes stimulate	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer engages the big athlete that the ecstatic doctors avoid	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer engages the miserable farmer that the sad aunts approve	singular	singular	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer greets the ecstatic athlete that the sad doctors engage	singular	singular	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer greets the tiny athlete that the happy mothers approve	singular	singular	plural	greet	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer greets the miserable carpenter that the little kids criticize	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer greets the sad farmer that the tiny carpenters confuse	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer greets the joyful friend that the ecstatic carpenters remember	singular	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer greets the tiny singer that the old poets stimulate	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer inspires the happy uncle that the tiny mothers engage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer inspires the sad woman that the large girls stimulate	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer knows the big boy that the miserable singers discourage	singular	singular	plural	know	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer knows the miserable doctor that the large kids admire	singular	singular	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer knows the large man that the young singers admire	singular	singular	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer observes the small athlete that the joyful friends encourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer observes the ecstatic man that the little mothers understand	singular	singular	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer observes the miserable mother that the old doctors engage	singular	singular	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer observes the big teacher that the ecstatic kids understand	singular	singular	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer observes the little teacher that the old uncles criticize	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer remembers the huge boy that the ecstatic teachers inspire	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer remembers the young uncle that the big aunts avoid	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer remembers the big woman that the miserable aunts know	singular	singular	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer stimulates the large athlete that the happy uncles know	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer stimulates the old kid that the sad friends observe	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer stimulates the happy singer that the large women approve	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer understands the sad girl that the large victims approve	singular	singular	plural	understand	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer understands the ecstatic guy that the joyful women remember	singular	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer understands the sad uncle that the huge fathers admire	singular	singular	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man admires the miserable athlete that the joyful girls understand	singular	singular	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small man admires the huge teacher that the tiny guys stimulate	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little man approves the young athlete that the tiny boys admire	singular	singular	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man approves the big doctor that the tiny carpenters understand	singular	singular	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young man approves the sad doctor that the miserable friends remember	singular	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man approves the young doctor that the small mothers avoid	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big man approves the ecstatic girl that the little farmers confuse	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny man approves the ecstatic mother that the big carpenters avoid	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable man approves the young poet that the large uncles criticize	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man approves the huge singer that the happy boys confuse	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man avoids the sad kid that the tiny lawyers observe	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man avoids the small victim that the huge teachers confuse	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable man confuses the ecstatic aunt that the joyful boys discourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man confuses the sad carpenter that the joyful uncles approve	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man criticizes the young doctor that the tiny carpenters approve	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man criticizes the big girl that the large victims stimulate	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny man discourages the big farmer that the young athletes observe	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man discourages the miserable farmer that the sad teachers avoid	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young man discourages the huge father that the joyful aunts remember	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old man discourages the joyful guy that the tiny fathers admire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man discourages the young uncle that the big poets observe	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big man encourages the little carpenter that the miserable friends know	singular	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man encourages the old father that the large boys understand	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny man encourages the little father that the miserable kids criticize	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big man encourages the old friend that the huge athletes greet	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old man encourages the huge girl that the sad singers understand	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old man encourages the joyful mother that the small aunts avoid	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little man encourages the huge poet that the big women confuse	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little man encourages the joyful singer that the large friends remember	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little man encourages the ecstatic teacher that the happy mothers inspire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small man engages the huge boy that the ecstatic victims stimulate	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man engages the happy farmer that the young aunts confuse	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable man engages the little mother that the ecstatic kids criticize	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable man greets the tiny kid that the young poets remember	singular	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man greets the joyful singer that the tiny friends remember	singular	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man inspires the young farmer that the little lawyers approve	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man inspires the ecstatic poet that the young girls confuse	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man knows the old boy that the small guys encourage	singular	singular	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable man knows the tiny uncle that the joyful farmers observe	singular	singular	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small man observes the joyful aunt that the tiny women confuse	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man observes the huge kid that the little poets avoid	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful man remembers the big father that the miserable poets admire	singular	singular	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man remembers the little guy that the small friends admire	singular	singular	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man remembers the old kid that the big women know	singular	singular	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man remembers the big mother that the little teachers inspire	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man remembers the small teacher that the happy guys encourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man remembers the old uncle that the happy fathers avoid	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little man remembers the happy victim that the young women admire	singular	singular	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little man stimulates the joyful aunt that the huge victims admire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man stimulates the ecstatic kid that the big teachers remember	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man understands the miserable athlete that the sad farmers criticize	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man understands the ecstatic guy that the large women engage	singular	singular	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable man understands the large lawyer that the big victims discourage	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man understands the small lawyer that the sad victims observe	singular	singular	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother admires the old girl that the big carpenters confuse	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother admires the little kid that the big teachers encourage	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother approves the huge athlete that the old women avoid	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mother approves the old carpenter that the sad boys encourage	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother approves the miserable carpenter that the tiny victims stimulate	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother approves the joyful kid that the huge men understand	singular	singular	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother approves the big kid that the sad singers greet	singular	singular	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother approves the big man that the small women admire	singular	singular	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother approves the big teacher that the miserable farmers inspire	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mother avoids the big father that the miserable poets confuse	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mother avoids the large kid that the little victims encourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother avoids the tiny lawyer that the big victims understand	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mother confuses the old boy that the ecstatic guys encourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother confuses the old carpenter that the joyful guys observe	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mother confuses the tiny farmer that the big lawyers engage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother confuses the miserable friend that the tiny poets observe	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother confuses the tiny kid that the huge singers greet	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mother criticizes the small doctor that the huge singers understand	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother criticizes the big friend that the little boys approve	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother criticizes the tiny friend that the happy uncles admire	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother criticizes the joyful girl that the little lawyers admire	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother criticizes the sad woman that the little athletes admire	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother discourages the joyful boy that the sad kids observe	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mother discourages the young doctor that the huge aunts admire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother discourages the ecstatic man that the joyful women admire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother engages the small athlete that the old victims know	singular	singular	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother engages the large boy that the big farmers observe	singular	singular	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mother engages the young boy that the sad poets stimulate	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mother engages the young doctor that the small men admire	singular	singular	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother engages the tiny farmer that the huge victims understand	singular	singular	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother engages the little father that the tiny poets stimulate	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother greets the young poet that the happy teachers discourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother greets the miserable victim that the huge carpenters engage	singular	singular	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mother inspires the tiny boy that the young singers approve	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother inspires the tiny boy that the huge singers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mother inspires the ecstatic kid that the old men encourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mother inspires the miserable man that the ecstatic poets stimulate	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother knows the large boy that the little athletes inspire	singular	singular	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother knows the huge guy that the young doctors confuse	singular	singular	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mother knows the sad kid that the happy doctors avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mother knows the large kid that the miserable friends engage	singular	singular	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother knows the little uncle that the joyful aunts inspire	singular	singular	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother observes the young poet that the sad friends confuse	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother observes the huge poet that the sad guys know	singular	singular	plural	observe	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother observes the huge uncle that the little boys engage	singular	singular	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mother remembers the happy doctor that the large uncles avoid	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mother remembers the huge farmer that the tiny poets know	singular	singular	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mother remembers the little friend that the happy poets observe	singular	singular	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother remembers the happy kid that the large athletes criticize	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mother remembers the miserable singer that the big poets know	singular	singular	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mother remembers the tiny uncle that the little women engage	singular	singular	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother remembers the large victim that the old uncles admire	singular	singular	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mother remembers the young woman that the little carpenters approve	singular	singular	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother stimulates the young boy that the tiny men remember	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother stimulates the tiny girl that the old teachers engage	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother stimulates the ecstatic lawyer that the old fathers remember	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mother stimulates the small singer that the miserable poets understand	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mother stimulates the happy uncle that the huge farmers know	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mother understands the large doctor that the joyful women confuse	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet admires the large guy that the huge fathers confuse	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poet admires the huge guy that the miserable mothers confuse	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet admires the happy victim that the old singers know	singular	singular	plural	admire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poet admires the ecstatic woman that the huge farmers engage	singular	singular	plural	admire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet approves the old doctor that the big athletes engage	singular	singular	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poet approves the miserable doctor that the huge victims criticize	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poet approves the big father that the small farmers know	singular	singular	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poet approves the big friend that the young guys observe	singular	singular	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poet approves the huge man that the miserable athletes remember	singular	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poet avoids the little boy that the joyful kids admire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poet avoids the huge friend that the ecstatic victims inspire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poet avoids the happy lawyer that the miserable friends observe	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet avoids the large lawyer that the ecstatic kids inspire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poet avoids the miserable uncle that the large carpenters remember	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poet confuses the happy father that the old singers understand	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poet confuses the sad friend that the miserable boys engage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poet criticizes the large friend that the sad aunts admire	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poet criticizes the sad girl that the large doctors understand	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poet criticizes the young victim that the tiny kids discourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poet discourages the miserable father that the big aunts engage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet discourages the young guy that the old fathers encourage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poet discourages the tiny victim that the old lawyers avoid	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet encourages the joyful boy that the sad farmers observe	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poet encourages the old doctor that the ecstatic kids admire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poet encourages the little farmer that the sad lawyers criticize	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poet encourages the big teacher that the large guys criticize	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poet encourages the huge uncle that the small girls know	singular	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet encourages the old woman that the sad aunts stimulate	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poet engages the huge athlete that the young mothers observe	singular	singular	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poet engages the small girl that the little men admire	singular	singular	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poet engages the large mother that the happy men avoid	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poet greets the miserable kid that the ecstatic girls remember	singular	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poet inspires the old aunt that the sad farmers know	singular	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poet inspires the small doctor that the miserable athletes observe	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poet inspires the young guy that the sad girls stimulate	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet knows the sad girl that the small farmers greet	singular	singular	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poet knows the young woman that the big athletes admire	singular	singular	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poet observes the old farmer that the little uncles discourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet remembers the miserable athlete that the big singers understand	singular	singular	plural	remember	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poet remembers the big father that the joyful singers confuse	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poet remembers the happy guy that the miserable friends discourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poet remembers the ecstatic guy that the miserable lawyers encourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet remembers the big man that the happy aunts confuse	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet remembers the huge uncle that the joyful aunts engage	singular	singular	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poet stimulates the huge victim that the tiny carpenters approve	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet understands the sad carpenter that the little teachers encourage	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poet understands the miserable lawyer that the little kids stimulate	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singer admires the big victim that the large aunts know	singular	singular	plural	admire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer approves the little carpenter that the ecstatic farmers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer approves the young guy that the old women greet	singular	singular	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singer approves the miserable uncle that the huge mothers avoid	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singer avoids the big father that the ecstatic farmers approve	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer avoids the huge uncle that the miserable kids discourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singer avoids the old victim that the little fathers encourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singer confuses the sad boy that the huge girls inspire	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singer confuses the small farmer that the happy boys engage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer confuses the big mother that the old teachers greet	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singer criticizes the small boy that the big carpenters stimulate	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer criticizes the happy boy that the small teachers admire	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singer criticizes the old uncle that the large boys avoid	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer criticizes the big uncle that the old kids engage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer criticizes the happy uncle that the ecstatic men understand	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singer criticizes the big victim that the little aunts observe	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singer criticizes the small victim that the sad kids know	singular	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singer discourages the ecstatic carpenter that the huge aunts observe	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer discourages the old uncle that the happy boys inspire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer encourages the large man that the big friends inspire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singer engages the big poet that the small athletes confuse	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer greets the old boy that the happy friends observe	singular	singular	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singer greets the ecstatic mother that the tiny men approve	singular	singular	plural	greet	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singer greets the big victim that the old aunts engage	singular	singular	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singer inspires the happy carpenter that the young boys discourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singer inspires the miserable mother that the sad athletes observe	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer inspires the old poet that the ecstatic athletes know	singular	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singer inspires the tiny teacher that the ecstatic athletes engage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singer knows the happy father that the joyful friends criticize	singular	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer knows the big lawyer that the little men understand	singular	singular	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer observes the big farmer that the old mothers admire	singular	singular	plural	observe	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singer observes the old girl that the tiny poets encourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singer remembers the sad doctor that the little aunts observe	singular	singular	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singer remembers the large farmer that the huge lawyers criticize	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer remembers the young guy that the old lawyers discourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singer remembers the big lawyer that the miserable girls admire	singular	singular	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer remembers the big mother that the old guys approve	singular	singular	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer stimulates the old mother that the tiny teachers approve	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singer stimulates the happy poet that the miserable mothers avoid	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singer stimulates the big teacher that the miserable athletes engage	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer stimulates the small victim that the ecstatic friends greet	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer understands the large athlete that the old men approve	singular	singular	plural	understand	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singer understands the small carpenter that the joyful guys confuse	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singer understands the ecstatic friend that the big fathers admire	singular	singular	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer understands the tiny man that the ecstatic teachers confuse	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer understands the small mother that the little guys inspire	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher admires the huge doctor that the old friends know	singular	singular	plural	admire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher admires the young victim that the joyful men observe	singular	singular	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teacher admires the big woman that the little farmers inspire	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher approves the old boy that the happy friends admire	singular	singular	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teacher approves the miserable man that the sad carpenters know	singular	singular	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teacher avoids the huge boy that the tiny friends know	singular	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teacher avoids the large doctor that the happy farmers admire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher avoids the old friend that the young doctors greet	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher avoids the miserable friend that the young poets approve	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teacher avoids the ecstatic lawyer that the miserable uncles inspire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teacher avoids the joyful mother that the happy boys discourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teacher avoids the large poet that the big kids admire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher confuses the joyful victim that the happy singers discourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher criticizes the large boy that the little poets approve	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher criticizes the little mother that the miserable poets remember	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teacher discourages the small friend that the large aunts observe	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teacher discourages the old poet that the tiny boys engage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teacher encourages the little boy that the huge lawyers know	singular	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher encourages the huge carpenter that the ecstatic uncles greet	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher encourages the large doctor that the small farmers know	singular	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher encourages the small uncle that the old mothers admire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher engages the huge singer that the large girls approve	singular	singular	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher engages the large uncle that the tiny athletes avoid	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teacher greets the big carpenter that the tiny kids inspire	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher greets the old doctor that the ecstatic guys know	singular	singular	plural	greet	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teacher greets the big lawyer that the little carpenters inspire	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teacher greets the sad man that the huge guys avoid	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher inspires the happy aunt that the ecstatic carpenters engage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teacher knows the large kid that the joyful singers engage	singular	singular	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher knows the old lawyer that the big athletes stimulate	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher knows the old man that the large women engage	singular	singular	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teacher knows the large mother that the little boys criticize	singular	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher knows the large mother that the little men remember	singular	singular	plural	know	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teacher observes the tiny kid that the small victims engage	singular	singular	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher remembers the huge father that the little lawyers inspire	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher remembers the joyful guy that the tiny mothers avoid	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher remembers the happy lawyer that the huge men know	singular	singular	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher remembers the young man that the happy boys stimulate	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teacher stimulates the old friend that the miserable victims greet	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher stimulates the old lawyer that the big aunts remember	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teacher stimulates the sad uncle that the joyful lawyers know	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher understands the happy lawyer that the old boys admire	singular	singular	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher understands the large man that the ecstatic aunts engage	singular	singular	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncle approves the little doctor that the small girls avoid	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncle approves the little man that the tiny fathers confuse	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle approves the small woman that the young friends understand	singular	singular	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncle avoids the miserable athlete that the tiny poets remember	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle avoids the tiny aunt that the young boys encourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle avoids the little victim that the sad singers criticize	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle avoids the sad woman that the old carpenters criticize	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncle avoids the miserable woman that the large friends criticize	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncle confuses the joyful girl that the sad poets observe	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncle criticizes the miserable aunt that the sad friends engage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncle criticizes the ecstatic carpenter that the miserable poets know	singular	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle criticizes the ecstatic farmer that the young teachers inspire	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncle criticizes the miserable mother that the joyful doctors inspire	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle encourages the old carpenter that the huge teachers discourage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle encourages the huge man that the old girls avoid	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle encourages the ecstatic teacher that the little athletes approve	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncle engages the old athlete that the miserable boys understand	singular	singular	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncle engages the joyful carpenter that the large women greet	singular	singular	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle engages the sad lawyer that the happy farmers criticize	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle engages the happy man that the big aunts know	singular	singular	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle engages the sad woman that the big friends avoid	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncle greets the miserable father that the young victims encourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle greets the miserable friend that the large aunts confuse	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncle greets the huge lawyer that the little aunts encourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle greets the huge lawyer that the miserable men admire	singular	singular	plural	greet	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle inspires the large father that the huge men discourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncle inspires the large friend that the huge carpenters admire	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncle inspires the happy lawyer that the big fathers observe	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle inspires the old mother that the large aunts know	singular	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle knows the small father that the miserable athletes encourage	singular	singular	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncle knows the large singer that the huge aunts engage	singular	singular	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncle knows the young singer that the small boys avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncle observes the big athlete that the joyful men confuse	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncle observes the tiny kid that the old women know	singular	singular	plural	observe	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncle observes the ecstatic poet that the joyful singers understand	singular	singular	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle observes the joyful victim that the huge guys approve	singular	singular	plural	observe	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncle remembers the sad father that the huge teachers criticize	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncle remembers the ecstatic girl that the huge farmers confuse	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncle remembers the happy poet that the joyful farmers inspire	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle remembers the tiny teacher that the big mothers inspire	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle remembers the ecstatic woman that the large victims engage	singular	singular	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle stimulates the tiny boy that the sad friends admire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncle stimulates the ecstatic carpenter that the big boys admire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle stimulates the old friend that the little teachers understand	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncle understands the joyful father that the small doctors criticize	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle understands the ecstatic father that the miserable teachers discourage	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncle understands the big guy that the tiny fathers know	singular	singular	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncle understands the joyful man that the sad victims engage	singular	singular	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victim admires the large carpenter that the young boys greet	singular	singular	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victim approves the young athlete that the joyful fathers encourage	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim approves the happy athlete that the old teachers engage	singular	singular	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victim approves the miserable doctor that the tiny boys criticize	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victim approves the huge singer that the happy mothers understand	singular	singular	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim avoids the large girl that the sad poets engage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victim avoids the little man that the sad aunts know	singular	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim avoids the large singer that the huge poets remember	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victim confuses the little athlete that the tiny uncles greet	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victim confuses the old aunt that the ecstatic carpenters avoid	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victim confuses the ecstatic aunt that the young lawyers criticize	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victim confuses the young guy that the old farmers inspire	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victim confuses the miserable poet that the big friends remember	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim confuses the ecstatic woman that the sad aunts greet	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victim criticizes the tiny girl that the ecstatic aunts remember	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim criticizes the little uncle that the miserable singers greet	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victim criticizes the large woman that the huge doctors confuse	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victim discourages the young athlete that the miserable mothers criticize	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victim discourages the little aunt that the miserable carpenters encourage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim discourages the huge friend that the miserable doctors remember	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim discourages the sad friend that the little guys avoid	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim discourages the huge friend that the tiny singers know	singular	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim encourages the small doctor that the young guys inspire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victim encourages the small doctor that the happy mothers observe	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim encourages the old farmer that the large boys greet	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victim engages the old carpenter that the joyful aunts observe	singular	singular	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victim engages the large teacher that the young women greet	singular	singular	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victim engages the miserable woman that the small boys confuse	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim greets the sad athlete that the big kids discourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim greets the joyful boy that the large singers know	singular	singular	plural	greet	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim greets the little guy that the sad singers discourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim greets the old kid that the happy athletes understand	singular	singular	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim greets the old lawyer that the large singers encourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim inspires the sad guy that the joyful mothers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim inspires the small uncle that the joyful farmers discourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim knows the sad doctor that the tiny women confuse	singular	singular	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim knows the sad man that the huge uncles encourage	singular	singular	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim knows the large poet that the old friends stimulate	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim knows the miserable singer that the happy guys observe	singular	singular	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim observes the joyful farmer that the ecstatic aunts criticize	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victim observes the sad girl that the joyful uncles encourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victim remembers the miserable athlete that the ecstatic teachers encourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim remembers the small girl that the big singers understand	singular	singular	plural	remember	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victim remembers the little lawyer that the joyful uncles understand	singular	singular	plural	remember	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victim remembers the old mother that the joyful lawyers greet	singular	singular	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim stimulates the happy aunt that the large lawyers approve	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victim understands the large friend that the old women criticize	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victim understands the sad lawyer that the young aunts observe	singular	singular	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victim understands the happy poet that the big guys admire	singular	singular	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim understands the joyful woman that the big aunts admire	singular	singular	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman admires the happy athlete that the sad kids discourage	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman admires the young carpenter that the happy doctors approve	singular	singular	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large woman admires the small lawyer that the joyful victims inspire	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman approves the miserable friend that the sad doctors admire	singular	singular	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy woman avoids the huge lawyer that the small fathers encourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman confuses the small girl that the little mothers encourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman criticizes the young athlete that the joyful mothers greet	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge woman criticizes the sad athlete that the big poets discourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge woman criticizes the joyful aunt that the miserable singers admire	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman criticizes the joyful friend that the happy carpenters understand	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad woman criticizes the joyful singer that the large teachers understand	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young woman discourages the big doctor that the happy teachers know	singular	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge woman discourages the joyful friend that the tiny lawyers observe	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman discourages the tiny teacher that the big carpenters greet	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy woman discourages the ecstatic teacher that the tiny mothers encourage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big woman encourages the sad aunt that the large poets avoid	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman encourages the big doctor that the little fathers confuse	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman encourages the old farmer that the miserable guys admire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman encourages the sad farmer that the old uncles inspire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy woman encourages the huge father that the tiny guys understand	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman encourages the young girl that the big kids approve	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young woman engages the huge boy that the large fathers approve	singular	singular	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy woman engages the little carpenter that the old athletes approve	singular	singular	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman engages the young carpenter that the old singers greet	singular	singular	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman engages the ecstatic man that the huge lawyers criticize	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman greets the huge boy that the happy fathers encourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big woman greets the large boy that the huge friends inspire	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman greets the large father that the young friends confuse	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman greets the tiny girl that the big victims approve	singular	singular	plural	greet	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old woman greets the joyful man that the small singers inspire	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big woman greets the tiny singer that the miserable teachers encourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman greets the little victim that the small lawyers confuse	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman inspires the large aunt that the tiny kids know	singular	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman inspires the large boy that the joyful lawyers engage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman inspires the big carpenter that the happy uncles avoid	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman knows the big carpenter that the joyful friends inspire	singular	singular	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy woman knows the young doctor that the joyful guys understand	singular	singular	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big woman knows the small friend that the young guys admire	singular	singular	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge woman knows the big friend that the sad kids avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman knows the huge friend that the joyful victims greet	singular	singular	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman knows the large man that the big doctors admire	singular	singular	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young woman knows the little victim that the ecstatic mothers confuse	singular	singular	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman observes the big aunt that the joyful mothers inspire	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad woman observes the huge man that the large friends greet	singular	singular	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman observes the joyful poet that the big victims avoid	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman remembers the large boy that the little girls confuse	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy woman remembers the sad carpenter that the ecstatic mothers inspire	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old woman remembers the small guy that the miserable singers greet	singular	singular	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young woman remembers the large mother that the huge uncles know	singular	singular	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman remembers the small poet that the young girls approve	singular	singular	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman remembers the young singer that the large guys criticize	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman stimulates the old carpenter that the large victims understand	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman stimulates the large doctor that the little victims observe	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young woman understands the happy athlete that the small carpenters approve	singular	singular	plural	understand	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman understands the big boy that the ecstatic aunts remember	singular	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old woman understands the large farmer that the small kids stimulate	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete admires the huge men that the ecstatic farmer remembers	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete admires the old mothers that the little lawyer avoids	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athlete admires the sad singers that the ecstatic man observes	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete approves the large carpenters that the little aunt understands	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athlete approves the miserable farmers that the large woman inspires	singular	plural	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athlete approves the miserable fathers that the large poet stimulates	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athlete approves the ecstatic uncles that the happy farmer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete avoids the little girls that the young poet observes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete avoids the big men that the large woman inspires	singular	plural	singular	avoid	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athlete avoids the miserable mothers that the ecstatic guy discourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athlete avoids the sad singers that the young teacher greets	singular	plural	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete confuses the ecstatic aunts that the happy doctor stimulates	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete confuses the huge carpenters that the little man observes	singular	plural	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete criticizes the ecstatic friends that the miserable kid engages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete discourages the sad aunts that the old lawyer engages	singular	plural	singular	discourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete discourages the miserable carpenters that the happy guy admires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athlete discourages the big uncles that the happy carpenter observes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete discourages the miserable uncles that the old farmer inspires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete encourages the old aunts that the young singer approves	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athlete encourages the big lawyers that the huge carpenter criticizes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athlete encourages the huge women that the happy man confuses	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athlete engages the little boys that the small poet confuses	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athlete engages the joyful doctors that the happy singer discourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athlete engages the happy farmers that the miserable teacher criticizes	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athlete engages the little girls that the tiny teacher encourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete engages the joyful guys that the old uncle understands	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete engages the young men that the tiny carpenter knows	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete engages the miserable men that the sad woman discourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athlete engages the miserable singers that the tiny carpenter inspires	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete engages the joyful singers that the sad kid greets	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athlete engages the joyful singers that the small teacher avoids	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete greets the sad farmers that the old guy stimulates	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete greets the joyful guys that the happy farmer confuses	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete greets the old men that the miserable carpenter inspires	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete greets the young mothers that the huge doctor confuses	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete inspires the tiny boys that the big woman criticizes	singular	plural	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete inspires the happy boys that the young woman remembers	singular	plural	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete inspires the big girls that the large boy encourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athlete inspires the miserable girls that the old mother knows	singular	plural	singular	inspire	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athlete knows the old aunts that the tiny man remembers	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athlete knows the small boys that the sad kid greets	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athlete knows the small mothers that the joyful aunt discourages	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete observes the young doctors that the little uncle knows	singular	plural	singular	observe	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete observes the young fathers that the ecstatic guy inspires	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete observes the large kids that the ecstatic lawyer remembers	singular	plural	singular	observe	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athlete remembers the tiny fathers that the happy doctor discourages	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete remembers the big kids that the miserable aunt knows	singular	plural	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete remembers the miserable lawyers that the happy girl confuses	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athlete remembers the sad poets that the miserable aunt observes	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete stimulates the ecstatic aunts that the miserable mother avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athlete stimulates the ecstatic aunts that the happy mother knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete stimulates the old doctors that the big father avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athlete stimulates the joyful fathers that the large doctor avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete stimulates the tiny fathers that the joyful lawyer understands	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete stimulates the large kids that the small carpenter confuses	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete stimulates the joyful poets that the small woman greets	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athlete stimulates the happy singers that the miserable victim admires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunt admires the sad athletes that the large friend observes	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt admires the miserable singers that the large kid criticizes	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt admires the large uncles that the young woman inspires	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt approves the huge carpenters that the ecstatic victim stimulates	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt approves the sad farmers that the happy doctor criticizes	singular	plural	singular	approve	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunt avoids the young carpenters that the miserable friend approves	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt avoids the large doctors that the joyful father stimulates	singular	plural	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt avoids the old lawyers that the tiny doctor discourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt avoids the huge men that the miserable kid observes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt avoids the old uncles that the large friend greets	singular	plural	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt confuses the large friends that the young father observes	singular	plural	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunt confuses the old guys that the big uncle discourages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt confuses the huge men that the ecstatic teacher observes	singular	plural	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt confuses the old women that the joyful farmer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt criticizes the little fathers that the ecstatic man approves	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt criticizes the old kids that the sad singer remembers	singular	plural	singular	criticize	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt criticizes the young kids that the small teacher discourages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt discourages the joyful athletes that the miserable woman criticizes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt discourages the young lawyers that the old man confuses	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunt encourages the joyful carpenters that the tiny athlete approves	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt encourages the big lawyers that the old friend approves	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt engages the large friends that the big mother remembers	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt engages the huge girls that the sad guy observes	singular	plural	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunt engages the little guys that the happy kid understands	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt engages the huge women that the young uncle approves	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunt greets the tiny fathers that the little boy observes	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt greets the huge men that the small teacher knows	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunt inspires the small girls that the old guy approves	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt inspires the joyful men that the sad woman confuses	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunt inspires the old uncles that the miserable singer confuses	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunt knows the tiny athletes that the large girl stimulates	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt knows the happy boys that the tiny poet criticizes	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt knows the little carpenters that the young woman encourages	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt knows the big men that the small teacher inspires	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt knows the little poets that the tiny singer engages	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt knows the ecstatic singers that the young poet stimulates	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt knows the big victims that the sad uncle criticizes	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunt observes the old athletes that the sad doctor avoids	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt observes the small boys that the little guy engages	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt observes the ecstatic farmers that the sad man approves	singular	plural	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunt observes the little men that the huge father admires	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt remembers the joyful friends that the big athlete approves	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt remembers the tiny friends that the miserable uncle observes	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt remembers the ecstatic guys that the small boy inspires	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt remembers the large guys that the tiny father avoids	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunt remembers the ecstatic kids that the large boy knows	singular	plural	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt remembers the little kids that the big carpenter confuses	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt remembers the large men that the small uncle observes	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt stimulates the joyful doctors that the little teacher discourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt stimulates the young uncles that the ecstatic mother encourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt stimulates the young uncles that the huge singer understands	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt understands the little athletes that the sad boy admires	singular	plural	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt understands the little boys that the young poet admires	singular	plural	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt understands the big kids that the joyful teacher inspires	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt understands the happy poets that the young man admires	singular	plural	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boy admires the young guys that the happy doctor encourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy admires the small guys that the sad friend discourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy admires the ecstatic poets that the large uncle understands	singular	plural	singular	admire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boy approves the ecstatic men that the large farmer inspires	singular	plural	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boy approves the miserable uncles that the big doctor greets	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boy avoids the small doctors that the huge poet criticizes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boy avoids the ecstatic friends that the tiny woman knows	singular	plural	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy avoids the small kids that the young man approves	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy confuses the tiny teachers that the big guy greets	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy criticizes the sad doctors that the small aunt stimulates	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boy criticizes the happy singers that the small teacher avoids	singular	plural	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boy discourages the old athletes that the joyful uncle confuses	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy discourages the small carpenters that the joyful woman encourages	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boy discourages the old friends that the tiny victim stimulates	singular	plural	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy encourages the sad aunts that the happy mother observes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy encourages the miserable men that the little friend greets	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy encourages the little singers that the tiny mother discourages	singular	plural	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy encourages the small women that the sad aunt greets	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boy encourages the tiny women that the ecstatic doctor greets	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boy engages the big aunts that the sad carpenter encourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boy engages the big carpenters that the happy girl confuses	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy engages the little girls that the big guy avoids	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boy engages the ecstatic victims that the miserable lawyer inspires	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boy greets the large doctors that the huge man avoids	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy greets the old singers that the small friend criticizes	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy knows the sad carpenters that the ecstatic mother admires	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boy knows the happy doctors that the sad carpenter discourages	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boy knows the happy doctors that the ecstatic father remembers	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boy knows the young fathers that the joyful doctor confuses	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy knows the miserable women that the sad athlete understands	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boy knows the small women that the joyful friend criticizes	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy observes the small carpenters that the old friend admires	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boy observes the large guys that the little mother engages	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boy observes the young mothers that the tiny poet engages	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy observes the young teachers that the joyful friend encourages	singular	plural	singular	observe	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boy remembers the huge lawyers that the big father greets	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boy remembers the little singers that the old father discourages	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boy stimulates the small aunts that the tiny lawyer inspires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boy stimulates the little girls that the small victim understands	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy stimulates the sad mothers that the small woman encourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy stimulates the sad teachers that the huge guy engages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy understands the happy athletes that the small girl confuses	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy understands the little guys that the old singer inspires	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter admires the joyful aunts that the ecstatic girl remembers	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter admires the young poets that the sad athlete observes	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter admires the old teachers that the little father criticizes	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter admires the little uncles that the young teacher approves	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter approves the huge fathers that the large lawyer greets	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter approves the young uncles that the miserable farmer avoids	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter avoids the miserable kids that the young teacher encourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter avoids the ecstatic teachers that the old victim engages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter avoids the ecstatic uncles that the joyful woman observes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter confuses the huge girls that the old victim avoids	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter criticizes the happy athletes that the small victim discourages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter criticizes the young fathers that the old uncle stimulates	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter criticizes the ecstatic kids that the sad aunt stimulates	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter criticizes the old uncles that the big father admires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter discourages the tiny fathers that the small lawyer inspires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter discourages the sad singers that the large kid avoids	singular	plural	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter encourages the big singers that the ecstatic farmer greets	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter encourages the large victims that the ecstatic father criticizes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter engages the tiny guys that the huge mother confuses	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter engages the young women that the big lawyer admires	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter greets the miserable mothers that the huge girl criticizes	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter greets the sad mothers that the joyful kid discourages	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter inspires the big mothers that the large aunt stimulates	singular	plural	singular	inspire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter inspires the young singers that the huge uncle discourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter inspires the old uncles that the young man understands	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter knows the old athletes that the ecstatic girl observes	singular	plural	singular	know	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter knows the joyful athletes that the tiny uncle approves	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter knows the huge fathers that the large teacher criticizes	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter knows the ecstatic guys that the young aunt understands	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter knows the old men that the large boy discourages	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter knows the young teachers that the small girl observes	singular	plural	singular	know	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter observes the young farmers that the sad poet stimulates	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter observes the old fathers that the miserable man greets	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter observes the joyful girls that the large singer greets	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter observes the big singers that the old doctor discourages	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter observes the little teachers that the tiny kid criticizes	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter observes the miserable uncles that the joyful man knows	singular	plural	singular	observe	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter remembers the large doctors that the tiny singer approves	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter remembers the little singers that the huge lawyer confuses	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter stimulates the young fathers that the old poet approves	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter stimulates the large kids that the miserable woman admires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter stimulates the ecstatic lawyers that the miserable poet inspires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter stimulates the old men that the ecstatic friend avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter understands the happy girls that the joyful father knows	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctor admires the small friends that the large kid stimulates	singular	plural	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor admires the happy singers that the huge kid encourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctor approves the sad farmers that the happy mother remembers	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor approves the small friends that the large woman observes	singular	plural	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor approves the old men that the small aunt greets	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor approves the ecstatic men that the large teacher knows	singular	plural	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor approves the big teachers that the sad farmer admires	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor approves the young uncles that the huge woman encourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor avoids the big athletes that the tiny girl confuses	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor avoids the happy athletes that the old kid confuses	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor avoids the huge poets that the little uncle remembers	singular	plural	singular	avoid	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctor confuses the big boys that the joyful carpenter understands	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor criticizes the little girls that the huge aunt encourages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor criticizes the old lawyers that the sad carpenter confuses	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctor discourages the small aunts that the ecstatic mother avoids	singular	plural	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctor discourages the old friends that the sad boy observes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor encourages the miserable farmers that the old father avoids	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor encourages the happy fathers that the small singer inspires	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctor encourages the happy friends that the ecstatic girl confuses	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctor encourages the sad friends that the tiny girl engages	singular	plural	singular	encourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctor encourages the sad girls that the little poet greets	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor encourages the big poets that the little aunt inspires	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor encourages the large poets that the huge carpenter criticizes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctor engages the tiny aunts that the big guy understands	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor engages the happy carpenters that the small aunt confuses	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor engages the old carpenters that the ecstatic man greets	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor engages the happy girls that the tiny guy knows	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor engages the ecstatic guys that the big athlete admires	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctor engages the large kids that the tiny boy stimulates	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor engages the happy men that the joyful victim approves	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor greets the big athletes that the huge friend understands	singular	plural	singular	greet	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor greets the small fathers that the joyful uncle discourages	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctor greets the young kids that the sad farmer knows	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor greets the old singers that the huge father discourages	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor inspires the big farmers that the large father greets	singular	plural	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctor inspires the miserable fathers that the little boy observes	singular	plural	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctor inspires the sad girls that the old lawyer remembers	singular	plural	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor knows the young athletes that the big singer understands	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor knows the small aunts that the sad man stimulates	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor knows the joyful fathers that the tiny singer inspires	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctor knows the big guys that the small poet confuses	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctor knows the young singers that the ecstatic uncle approves	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor observes the old men that the young victim understands	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor observes the big mothers that the young teacher inspires	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor observes the miserable singers that the ecstatic girl approves	singular	plural	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor observes the sad women that the joyful victim encourages	singular	plural	singular	observe	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor remembers the large athletes that the happy friend avoids	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctor remembers the large aunts that the young friend engages	singular	plural	singular	remember	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor remembers the small mothers that the tiny teacher engages	singular	plural	singular	remember	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor remembers the joyful uncles that the huge guy discourages	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor remembers the little victims that the tiny boy understands	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctor remembers the little victims that the ecstatic woman observes	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor stimulates the huge boys that the sad singer confuses	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor stimulates the tiny friends that the sad aunt observes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctor stimulates the young kids that the large lawyer understands	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor stimulates the little teachers that the ecstatic farmer discourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor understands the joyful athletes that the miserable lawyer remembers	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor understands the happy farmers that the big man engages	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor understands the old friends that the young mother knows	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor understands the miserable poets that the young athlete knows	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmer admires the tiny athletes that the ecstatic singer greets	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer admires the huge aunts that the big boy approves	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer admires the tiny fathers that the old athlete encourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer admires the tiny girls that the joyful lawyer encourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmer admires the miserable poets that the small woman inspires	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmer approves the young athletes that the happy singer inspires	singular	plural	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmer avoids the huge doctors that the small woman understands	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer avoids the big mothers that the tiny singer approves	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer confuses the young fathers that the tiny lawyer encourages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmer confuses the old mothers that the joyful teacher knows	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer confuses the small teachers that the old woman admires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer confuses the ecstatic victims that the old girl engages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmer criticizes the huge men that the sad woman encourages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmer criticizes the huge teachers that the young uncle inspires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmer encourages the small friends that the large athlete stimulates	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer encourages the little guys that the young girl knows	singular	plural	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer encourages the big mothers that the small athlete engages	singular	plural	singular	encourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmer encourages the sad women that the happy friend knows	singular	plural	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmer engages the happy lawyers that the miserable teacher approves	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer engages the young mothers that the ecstatic boy inspires	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmer engages the young women that the large athlete stimulates	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmer greets the old lawyers that the joyful uncle engages	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer greets the big victims that the ecstatic aunt encourages	singular	plural	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer inspires the large aunts that the little father encourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer inspires the tiny friends that the miserable poet greets	singular	plural	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer inspires the happy singers that the ecstatic girl understands	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer observes the miserable aunts that the huge woman confuses	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer observes the miserable doctors that the big father confuses	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer observes the tiny fathers that the huge woman avoids	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer observes the small kids that the little girl criticizes	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer observes the tiny victims that the large poet remembers	singular	plural	singular	observe	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmer remembers the huge boys that the miserable father understands	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer stimulates the old aunts that the miserable uncle avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer stimulates the ecstatic doctors that the huge man remembers	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer stimulates the small mothers that the little singer confuses	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer stimulates the joyful women that the large kid understands	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer understands the big friends that the small aunt approves	singular	plural	singular	understand	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer understands the old friends that the little teacher observes	singular	plural	singular	understand	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer understands the old singers that the large teacher admires	singular	plural	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer understands the tiny women that the happy aunt knows	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad father admires the young victims that the happy teacher approves	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable father approves the huge friends that the young girl discourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad father avoids the young poets that the miserable carpenter understands	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable father avoids the small singers that the sad lawyer engages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big father avoids the sad teachers that the miserable kid engages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young father avoids the large women that the huge athlete encourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny father confuses the little doctors that the happy guy avoids	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old father confuses the small lawyers that the little mother discourages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father criticizes the large singers that the big boy encourages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father discourages the young mothers that the miserable farmer inspires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little father discourages the young poets that the big uncle encourages	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father discourages the miserable victims that the old lawyer understands	singular	plural	singular	discourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad father encourages the big lawyers that the happy poet stimulates	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny father encourages the miserable teachers that the old singer remembers	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny father engages the big boys that the happy singer greets	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father engages the joyful mothers that the little athlete admires	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large father engages the little victims that the young friend understands	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young father greets the small teachers that the tiny girl criticizes	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small father greets the big victims that the huge guy inspires	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father inspires the ecstatic uncles that the large girl admires	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young father inspires the sad women that the huge guy discourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little father knows the big farmers that the miserable mother approves	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father knows the joyful kids that the old victim greets	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father knows the tiny poets that the huge victim approves	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little father knows the huge teachers that the joyful athlete confuses	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little father observes the joyful athletes that the tiny carpenter knows	singular	plural	singular	observe	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father observes the little doctors that the small woman knows	singular	plural	singular	observe	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father observes the large lawyers that the small woman engages	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old father remembers the small guys that the ecstatic woman criticizes	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small father remembers the ecstatic teachers that the tiny girl approves	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father remembers the small women that the joyful kid observes	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge father stimulates the young aunts that the little lawyer knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable father stimulates the little doctors that the small poet encourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big father stimulates the large farmers that the old kid knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable father stimulates the joyful guys that the ecstatic athlete greets	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big father stimulates the large mothers that the small teacher engages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old father stimulates the large women that the young guy confuses	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge father understands the old athletes that the happy teacher knows	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little father understands the tiny mothers that the big uncle observes	singular	plural	singular	understand	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend admires the little athletes that the young teacher greets	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend admires the ecstatic boys that the happy doctor inspires	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friend admires the large boys that the huge guy knows	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friend admires the ecstatic doctors that the small singer approves	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend admires the huge fathers that the tiny boy observes	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friend admires the joyful men that the big mother inspires	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friend admires the joyful poets that the young boy discourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend approves the sad athletes that the large carpenter admires	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friend approves the small athletes that the miserable father remembers	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friend approves the young aunts that the happy man knows	singular	plural	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friend approves the young guys that the big boy confuses	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friend approves the ecstatic men that the huge kid discourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friend approves the large mothers that the little victim confuses	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend approves the sad teachers that the tiny mother observes	singular	plural	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friend avoids the joyful kids that the tiny mother engages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend avoids the large singers that the small mother admires	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend avoids the large uncles that the joyful carpenter discourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friend confuses the huge lawyers that the sad father knows	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friend encourages the sad girls that the old athlete remembers	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friend encourages the large victims that the old man criticizes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friend engages the large doctors that the happy teacher criticizes	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friend engages the young doctors that the small woman understands	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friend engages the ecstatic farmers that the miserable doctor approves	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend engages the young lawyers that the happy farmer discourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend engages the joyful lawyers that the sad farmer inspires	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friend engages the huge poets that the young father avoids	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friend greets the sad men that the ecstatic uncle admires	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friend greets the tiny poets that the little father confuses	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friend greets the joyful victims that the big man knows	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend inspires the tiny aunts that the miserable boy greets	singular	plural	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friend inspires the joyful boys that the little uncle engages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friend inspires the young farmers that the miserable aunt approves	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friend inspires the large farmers that the miserable carpenter stimulates	singular	plural	singular	inspire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friend inspires the joyful uncles that the old teacher approves	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend knows the small farmers that the huge girl greets	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend knows the miserable girls that the small lawyer engages	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friend knows the sad girls that the big teacher approves	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friend observes the miserable doctors that the big carpenter admires	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friend observes the old doctors that the happy man approves	singular	plural	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friend observes the tiny guys that the little singer admires	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friend remembers the sad athletes that the small victim avoids	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friend remembers the old fathers that the joyful victim knows	singular	plural	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friend remembers the ecstatic men that the tiny woman greets	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friend stimulates the miserable athletes that the sad teacher observes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend stimulates the huge farmers that the joyful girl approves	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friend stimulates the huge guys that the sad athlete observes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend stimulates the huge guys that the miserable man greets	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend stimulates the happy women that the sad doctor admires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friend understands the big men that the old woman encourages	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend understands the tiny mothers that the happy carpenter greets	singular	plural	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl admires the happy boys that the joyful lawyer observes	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl admires the tiny singers that the old aunt greets	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girl approves the large doctors that the happy singer admires	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girl approves the young farmers that the tiny father criticizes	singular	plural	singular	approve	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girl approves the old friends that the young uncle avoids	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl approves the old lawyers that the huge athlete understands	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl approves the little women that the happy aunt discourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl avoids the huge carpenters that the large woman understands	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl avoids the huge farmers that the sad poet engages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl avoids the old lawyers that the ecstatic guy knows	singular	plural	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl avoids the young lawyers that the ecstatic mother observes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girl avoids the ecstatic men that the old lawyer engages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl avoids the happy mothers that the miserable carpenter understands	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girl avoids the little poets that the happy uncle approves	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl avoids the joyful women that the small father observes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girl confuses the small carpenters that the joyful singer engages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girl confuses the happy poets that the young athlete stimulates	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girl confuses the sad poets that the young boy avoids	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl criticizes the large teachers that the miserable mother remembers	singular	plural	singular	criticize	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girl discourages the little aunts that the small friend inspires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl discourages the sad doctors that the ecstatic lawyer admires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girl discourages the joyful fathers that the tiny guy knows	singular	plural	singular	discourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl discourages the ecstatic poets that the old farmer approves	singular	plural	singular	discourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl encourages the old friends that the large boy approves	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girl encourages the miserable mothers that the huge uncle approves	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girl engages the small aunts that the joyful carpenter knows	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girl engages the huge boys that the happy farmer observes	singular	plural	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl engages the tiny lawyers that the joyful farmer avoids	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl engages the little poets that the small singer avoids	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girl greets the tiny fathers that the huge boy understands	singular	plural	singular	greet	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girl greets the huge kids that the young athlete remembers	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girl greets the miserable kids that the small farmer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girl greets the little lawyers that the tiny carpenter inspires	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl inspires the small doctors that the large lawyer engages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girl inspires the big men that the tiny father engages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girl inspires the sad men that the old woman understands	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girl inspires the small teachers that the young farmer discourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl knows the huge fathers that the sad woman confuses	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl knows the little mothers that the small woman avoids	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girl observes the young doctors that the little uncle admires	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl observes the joyful friends that the ecstatic aunt approves	singular	plural	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girl observes the tiny women that the huge kid confuses	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl remembers the little athletes that the ecstatic uncle engages	singular	plural	singular	remember	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl remembers the happy aunts that the tiny father discourages	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl remembers the happy farmers that the sad kid confuses	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl remembers the joyful farmers that the miserable teacher knows	singular	plural	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl remembers the sad friends that the big athlete avoids	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girl remembers the tiny singers that the huge friend knows	singular	plural	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl stimulates the big guys that the large victim avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl stimulates the large lawyers that the little victim confuses	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl stimulates the young uncles that the sad aunt remembers	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl stimulates the huge victims that the joyful woman confuses	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girl understands the little guys that the ecstatic mother greets	singular	plural	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl understands the little men that the happy singer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guy admires the huge carpenters that the little mother knows	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guy admires the little teachers that the tiny woman engages	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy approves the small doctors that the big boy stimulates	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guy approves the huge kids that the little friend knows	singular	plural	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guy approves the sad lawyers that the large kid understands	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guy approves the little victims that the large aunt confuses	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy avoids the miserable athletes that the large boy greets	singular	plural	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy avoids the sad aunts that the big teacher criticizes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy avoids the joyful fathers that the young athlete greets	singular	plural	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy avoids the huge men that the ecstatic farmer engages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guy avoids the big uncles that the joyful farmer knows	singular	plural	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy avoids the large uncles that the joyful father confuses	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy avoids the sad women that the tiny aunt discourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guy avoids the old women that the sad aunt stimulates	singular	plural	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy avoids the happy women that the small uncle encourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy confuses the happy boys that the huge teacher greets	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guy confuses the small boys that the ecstatic uncle stimulates	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guy confuses the miserable farmers that the ecstatic victim engages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy confuses the huge friends that the tiny farmer avoids	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guy criticizes the tiny victims that the happy father greets	singular	plural	singular	criticize	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guy criticizes the young victims that the tiny woman inspires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy discourages the large aunts that the big kid understands	singular	plural	singular	discourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guy discourages the happy fathers that the sad kid criticizes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy discourages the tiny mothers that the joyful athlete stimulates	singular	plural	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guy discourages the large singers that the young boy greets	singular	plural	singular	discourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guy encourages the large aunts that the small athlete admires	singular	plural	singular	encourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guy encourages the miserable boys that the happy doctor remembers	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy encourages the young men that the big woman criticizes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy encourages the young mothers that the large woman stimulates	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy encourages the sad singers that the little aunt knows	singular	plural	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy engages the sad boys that the ecstatic teacher stimulates	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy engages the happy carpenters that the small woman inspires	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy engages the old farmers that the huge aunt knows	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy engages the miserable girls that the ecstatic poet avoids	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy greets the young doctors that the miserable carpenter admires	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy greets the miserable poets that the big mother discourages	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy greets the joyful singers that the sad man stimulates	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guy greets the big women that the ecstatic friend engages	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy inspires the sad aunts that the happy uncle avoids	singular	plural	singular	inspire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy inspires the big friends that the little victim observes	singular	plural	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy inspires the huge men that the sad woman admires	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy inspires the sad poets that the tiny aunt discourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guy inspires the miserable teachers that the old girl engages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guy inspires the joyful victims that the huge singer avoids	singular	plural	singular	inspire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy knows the large kids that the young doctor encourages	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy knows the ecstatic teachers that the happy uncle stimulates	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy knows the large victims that the little man criticizes	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy observes the big doctors that the old athlete greets	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guy observes the joyful doctors that the big girl inspires	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy observes the old girls that the happy kid stimulates	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy observes the tiny mothers that the old singer greets	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guy observes the little teachers that the tiny kid understands	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guy remembers the huge fathers that the small farmer understands	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy remembers the sad mothers that the miserable uncle observes	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guy remembers the little victims that the small mother understands	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guy stimulates the joyful doctors that the huge uncle discourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy stimulates the ecstatic singers that the miserable girl knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy understands the large carpenters that the huge doctor criticizes	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy understands the happy farmers that the small athlete observes	singular	plural	singular	understand	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy understands the old farmers that the miserable boy admires	singular	plural	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy understands the little lawyers that the happy woman discourages	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy understands the joyful teachers that the ecstatic uncle discourages	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kid admires the happy carpenters that the large poet knows	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kid admires the joyful doctors that the tiny guy greets	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid admires the big farmers that the sad teacher engages	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid admires the little men that the large aunt engages	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kid admires the big victims that the large woman stimulates	singular	plural	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kid approves the old men that the ecstatic athlete discourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kid avoids the joyful friends that the huge teacher approves	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid avoids the huge mothers that the tiny athlete discourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid avoids the little mothers that the large singer admires	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kid confuses the little athletes that the small farmer remembers	singular	plural	singular	confuse	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kid confuses the young girls that the happy woman observes	singular	plural	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kid confuses the small uncles that the happy farmer remembers	singular	plural	singular	confuse	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kid criticizes the sad boys that the miserable uncle engages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kid criticizes the young singers that the little poet admires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kid criticizes the huge women that the tiny victim knows	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kid discourages the little lawyers that the happy uncle greets	singular	plural	singular	discourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kid discourages the big victims that the happy aunt avoids	singular	plural	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid encourages the sad lawyers that the large uncle stimulates	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kid engages the old doctors that the little athlete approves	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid engages the small doctors that the happy teacher observes	singular	plural	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kid engages the ecstatic friends that the huge girl admires	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid engages the miserable singers that the sad carpenter encourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kid greets the ecstatic boys that the big woman approves	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kid greets the old friends that the miserable athlete encourages	singular	plural	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kid greets the miserable mothers that the young poet confuses	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid greets the small singers that the big friend admires	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kid inspires the joyful athletes that the young carpenter criticizes	singular	plural	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid inspires the small fathers that the sad poet encourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid inspires the happy lawyers that the young girl understands	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kid inspires the sad mothers that the huge farmer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kid inspires the big uncles that the small woman confuses	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid knows the little uncles that the sad athlete approves	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid observes the joyful aunts that the old doctor understands	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid observes the tiny farmers that the sad athlete encourages	singular	plural	singular	observe	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kid observes the joyful girls that the young doctor discourages	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid observes the little singers that the young teacher confuses	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid remembers the ecstatic aunts that the little boy confuses	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid remembers the little boys that the tiny aunt encourages	singular	plural	singular	remember	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kid remembers the sad doctors that the young girl discourages	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kid remembers the ecstatic fathers that the tiny aunt criticizes	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid remembers the ecstatic friends that the small singer inspires	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kid remembers the large girls that the ecstatic boy knows	singular	plural	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kid remembers the huge men that the miserable doctor stimulates	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kid remembers the old victims that the large teacher observes	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kid stimulates the small aunts that the joyful boy confuses	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kid understands the young poets that the little victim stimulates	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kid understands the tiny singers that the joyful mother confuses	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid understands the happy teachers that the big man remembers	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer admires the ecstatic teachers that the sad carpenter criticizes	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer admires the ecstatic women that the young friend approves	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer approves the young carpenters that the happy doctor criticizes	singular	plural	singular	approve	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer approves the little doctors that the ecstatic girl knows	singular	plural	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer approves the happy doctors that the big uncle encourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer approves the huge farmers that the sad mother discourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer approves the small poets that the sad boy discourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer avoids the sad aunts that the small woman confuses	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer avoids the joyful singers that the sad doctor admires	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer avoids the huge teachers that the joyful aunt understands	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer confuses the joyful athletes that the miserable mother understands	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer confuses the miserable fathers that the old singer inspires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer confuses the huge guys that the large teacher admires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer criticizes the little men that the young poet engages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer discourages the miserable athletes that the sad victim inspires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer discourages the joyful boys that the young aunt encourages	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer discourages the happy doctors that the joyful teacher criticizes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer discourages the ecstatic fathers that the big kid encourages	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer encourages the sad doctors that the tiny victim confuses	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer encourages the joyful farmers that the ecstatic athlete confuses	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer engages the huge guys that the sad girl inspires	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer engages the young kids that the large aunt confuses	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer engages the miserable men that the happy carpenter observes	singular	plural	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer engages the old mothers that the tiny guy approves	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer engages the sad teachers that the large farmer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer greets the small guys that the happy doctor observes	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer greets the miserable women that the huge singer understands	singular	plural	singular	greet	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer inspires the ecstatic kids that the miserable poet remembers	singular	plural	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer inspires the little mothers that the sad father approves	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer knows the small boys that the big doctor engages	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer knows the young carpenters that the large singer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer knows the sad girls that the miserable teacher admires	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer knows the large guys that the big girl inspires	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer knows the happy men that the little woman approves	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer observes the young doctors that the miserable boy greets	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer remembers the joyful athletes that the miserable doctor stimulates	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer remembers the old boys that the little teacher encourages	singular	plural	singular	remember	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer remembers the large kids that the big friend observes	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer remembers the happy poets that the huge mother admires	singular	plural	singular	remember	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer remembers the old uncles that the small friend greets	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer stimulates the ecstatic girls that the young woman remembers	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer stimulates the sad men that the happy uncle inspires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer stimulates the ecstatic poets that the huge farmer discourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer stimulates the little poets that the big guy understands	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer stimulates the old uncles that the small singer understands	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer understands the joyful aunts that the big doctor avoids	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer understands the young farmers that the big athlete observes	singular	plural	singular	understand	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer understands the tiny friends that the joyful aunt encourages	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer understands the ecstatic men that the happy teacher confuses	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man admires the tiny friends that the sad girl greets	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big man admires the joyful girls that the large uncle encourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young man admires the large mothers that the ecstatic guy encourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man approves the sad doctors that the tiny teacher stimulates	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man avoids the sad lawyers that the tiny singer knows	singular	plural	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man avoids the huge poets that the sad aunt knows	singular	plural	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man confuses the little guys that the large teacher engages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little man confuses the small mothers that the large singer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man confuses the sad teachers that the miserable guy greets	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful man confuses the huge women that the big aunt approves	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old man criticizes the little aunts that the small doctor remembers	singular	plural	singular	criticize	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old man criticizes the small farmers that the little victim approves	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable man criticizes the little kids that the tiny father observes	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old man criticizes the young lawyers that the happy friend avoids	singular	plural	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man criticizes the small poets that the miserable carpenter encourages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small man criticizes the miserable poets that the big mother knows	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny man criticizes the sad poets that the large mother understands	singular	plural	singular	criticize	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man criticizes the huge teachers that the big woman greets	singular	plural	singular	criticize	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little man discourages the joyful farmers that the old boy inspires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young man discourages the small guys that the miserable kid inspires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man discourages the tiny victims that the large father inspires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny man encourages the old boys that the happy singer approves	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man encourages the huge women that the little doctor avoids	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man engages the big singers that the ecstatic athlete inspires	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old man engages the miserable teachers that the ecstatic uncle discourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man engages the miserable uncles that the sad mother greets	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful man greets the small poets that the huge kid observes	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man greets the old singers that the little aunt knows	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little man greets the ecstatic uncles that the joyful farmer remembers	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young man inspires the small aunts that the huge friend admires	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small man inspires the ecstatic doctors that the miserable uncle confuses	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little man inspires the ecstatic lawyers that the old friend knows	singular	plural	singular	inspire	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small man inspires the sad singers that the tiny uncle greets	singular	plural	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful man knows the sad mothers that the happy aunt remembers	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big man knows the ecstatic uncles that the joyful girl approves	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man knows the small uncles that the tiny lawyer confuses	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful man observes the small boys that the miserable victim understands	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man observes the big friends that the huge lawyer inspires	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man observes the big friends that the huge victim remembers	singular	plural	singular	observe	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old man observes the huge kids that the young athlete greets	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man observes the large victims that the young woman confuses	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man observes the little women that the big doctor approves	singular	plural	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man remembers the little carpenters that the tiny kid stimulates	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old man remembers the joyful carpenters that the little lawyer approves	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little man remembers the small teachers that the old kid inspires	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man remembers the young women that the large kid greets	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man stimulates the young fathers that the joyful girl approves	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man stimulates the big guys that the young singer greets	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man stimulates the ecstatic teachers that the sad farmer inspires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful man understands the huge aunts that the tiny father engages	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young man understands the ecstatic girls that the miserable carpenter inspires	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big man understands the small singers that the ecstatic carpenter inspires	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother admires the big guys that the happy girl knows	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother admires the joyful poets that the small woman understands	singular	plural	singular	admire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mother admires the sad singers that the miserable man inspires	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother avoids the joyful fathers that the ecstatic singer confuses	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mother avoids the little guys that the joyful girl observes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother avoids the ecstatic singers that the old man observes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother confuses the huge boys that the tiny girl understands	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother confuses the miserable lawyers that the joyful guy stimulates	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother confuses the large teachers that the ecstatic farmer discourages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother confuses the miserable victims that the little aunt approves	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mother criticizes the big farmers that the young lawyer discourages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother discourages the huge boys that the little teacher inspires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother discourages the happy lawyers that the tiny carpenter criticizes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother discourages the sad poets that the happy doctor criticizes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother discourages the small victims that the tiny aunt greets	singular	plural	singular	discourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother encourages the large doctors that the small girl discourages	singular	plural	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother encourages the happy victims that the tiny aunt approves	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mother encourages the old victims that the happy uncle confuses	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother encourages the old women that the miserable victim remembers	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother engages the huge athletes that the miserable woman observes	singular	plural	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother engages the large aunts that the little teacher observes	singular	plural	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother engages the big victims that the old aunt discourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother engages the huge women that the small uncle discourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother engages the joyful women that the miserable uncle knows	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother greets the small aunts that the sad boy observes	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mother greets the big girls that the young teacher knows	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother inspires the happy friends that the little aunt understands	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mother inspires the large teachers that the tiny lawyer knows	singular	plural	singular	inspire	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother knows the miserable boys that the ecstatic father inspires	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother knows the miserable carpenters that the young doctor inspires	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mother knows the huge doctors that the miserable farmer admires	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother observes the tiny carpenters that the joyful poet admires	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mother observes the large teachers that the small girl knows	singular	plural	singular	observe	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother observes the tiny victims that the big boy understands	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother remembers the happy athletes that the tiny singer understands	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother remembers the large friends that the tiny teacher engages	singular	plural	singular	remember	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother remembers the old singers that the huge uncle knows	singular	plural	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mother stimulates the small athletes that the tiny girl remembers	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother stimulates the big kids that the tiny athlete confuses	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother stimulates the joyful men that the miserable uncle engages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother stimulates the big poets that the little man knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother stimulates the ecstatic uncles that the little guy admires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother stimulates the old uncles that the joyful teacher approves	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother understands the big fathers that the huge friend stimulates	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother understands the small poets that the old farmer engages	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poet admires the joyful boys that the old teacher approves	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poet admires the little friends that the huge carpenter confuses	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet admires the small kids that the joyful friend avoids	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poet approves the ecstatic boys that the joyful singer inspires	singular	plural	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poet approves the little farmers that the young boy confuses	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poet approves the big men that the young victim knows	singular	plural	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poet approves the old women that the small aunt avoids	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet avoids the happy girls that the tiny aunt discourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poet avoids the old victims that the small boy discourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poet confuses the sad friends that the ecstatic boy discourages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poet criticizes the small aunts that the old father remembers	singular	plural	singular	criticize	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poet criticizes the happy boys that the old man understands	singular	plural	singular	criticize	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poet criticizes the ecstatic doctors that the large athlete stimulates	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet criticizes the joyful guys that the sad friend understands	singular	plural	singular	criticize	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poet discourages the miserable kids that the young carpenter encourages	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poet discourages the joyful mothers that the sad friend knows	singular	plural	singular	discourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet encourages the large aunts that the ecstatic farmer greets	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poet encourages the sad lawyers that the tiny boy confuses	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poet encourages the miserable lawyers that the big carpenter admires	singular	plural	singular	encourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet encourages the sad men that the large guy observes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poet engages the young aunts that the ecstatic woman observes	singular	plural	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet engages the little doctors that the big singer understands	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poet engages the miserable farmers that the happy boy remembers	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet engages the ecstatic friends that the small carpenter remembers	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet greets the large aunts that the sad teacher admires	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet greets the ecstatic kids that the miserable victim remembers	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poet greets the small singers that the big woman understands	singular	plural	singular	greet	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poet inspires the old friends that the happy farmer discourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet knows the tiny athletes that the sad uncle observes	singular	plural	singular	know	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet knows the sad guys that the little boy discourages	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet knows the sad lawyers that the big teacher discourages	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poet knows the ecstatic singers that the miserable athlete encourages	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet observes the miserable aunts that the old kid discourages	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poet observes the miserable boys that the little uncle discourages	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poet observes the happy farmers that the old singer avoids	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poet observes the small lawyers that the huge boy greets	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poet observes the old women that the huge boy confuses	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet remembers the joyful boys that the little victim approves	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poet remembers the miserable kids that the tiny man stimulates	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poet remembers the young teachers that the miserable victim criticizes	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet remembers the small victims that the miserable aunt discourages	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poet stimulates the tiny lawyers that the small farmer discourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet stimulates the old lawyers that the joyful kid knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poet stimulates the large singers that the young aunt greets	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet understands the happy athletes that the joyful guy stimulates	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet understands the large carpenters that the small kid criticizes	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poet understands the huge farmers that the ecstatic singer engages	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singer admires the joyful athletes that the big aunt confuses	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer admires the happy carpenters that the big woman discourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singer admires the huge lawyers that the sad mother avoids	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer avoids the old men that the sad mother confuses	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singer confuses the miserable aunts that the small farmer observes	singular	plural	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer confuses the little aunts that the joyful guy engages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer confuses the huge farmers that the big woman discourages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singer confuses the ecstatic fathers that the huge athlete greets	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singer confuses the tiny fathers that the little lawyer greets	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer confuses the little fathers that the large woman remembers	singular	plural	singular	confuse	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singer confuses the huge women that the big victim approves	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singer criticizes the big athletes that the happy uncle greets	singular	plural	singular	criticize	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singer criticizes the big boys that the large uncle knows	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singer criticizes the sad farmers that the huge kid encourages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer criticizes the happy kids that the large farmer observes	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singer criticizes the sad lawyers that the small man observes	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer criticizes the large mothers that the ecstatic athlete avoids	singular	plural	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singer criticizes the small poets that the miserable mother confuses	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer criticizes the young teachers that the ecstatic woman encourages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singer criticizes the tiny uncles that the young poet knows	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer criticizes the joyful women that the happy mother approves	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singer discourages the tiny aunts that the ecstatic kid inspires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer discourages the large farmers that the old mother stimulates	singular	plural	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singer discourages the joyful men that the ecstatic father criticizes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singer discourages the sad victims that the big teacher observes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singer encourages the big mothers that the small victim knows	singular	plural	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer encourages the old victims that the ecstatic teacher understands	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singer engages the young aunts that the small mother encourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singer engages the small farmers that the young carpenter remembers	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singer engages the big friends that the happy man approves	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer engages the happy guys that the large aunt knows	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singer engages the small guys that the joyful farmer understands	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer engages the old lawyers that the young farmer knows	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singer engages the ecstatic lawyers that the small victim avoids	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer engages the ecstatic victims that the tiny aunt inspires	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer engages the joyful women that the old carpenter confuses	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer inspires the miserable doctors that the large teacher discourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singer inspires the big farmers that the old uncle avoids	singular	plural	singular	inspire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer inspires the young guys that the miserable aunt greets	singular	plural	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer inspires the happy kids that the sad mother criticizes	singular	plural	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singer knows the old fathers that the miserable lawyer remembers	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer knows the ecstatic poets that the joyful kid admires	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer knows the joyful teachers that the miserable kid approves	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singer observes the large uncles that the young doctor remembers	singular	plural	singular	observe	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singer remembers the joyful farmers that the large victim stimulates	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singer remembers the miserable uncles that the happy man confuses	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singer remembers the happy victims that the little friend inspires	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singer remembers the small victims that the old mother inspires	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer remembers the small victims that the large poet engages	singular	plural	singular	remember	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer stimulates the huge aunts that the miserable girl confuses	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singer stimulates the big doctors that the tiny friend inspires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer stimulates the sad victims that the joyful poet criticizes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singer understands the little fathers that the joyful victim criticizes	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer understands the sad girls that the young poet discourages	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singer understands the young mothers that the big victim confuses	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher approves the joyful boys that the old girl observes	singular	plural	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher approves the old boys that the small man understands	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teacher avoids the joyful aunts that the little lawyer greets	singular	plural	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher avoids the small boys that the ecstatic girl understands	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teacher avoids the small kids that the tiny man criticizes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teacher avoids the sad mothers that the huge uncle admires	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher confuses the miserable guys that the happy lawyer encourages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher confuses the sad singers that the old girl understands	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher confuses the old victims that the small mother engages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher criticizes the happy doctors that the ecstatic aunt confuses	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teacher criticizes the large guys that the huge father greets	singular	plural	singular	criticize	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teacher criticizes the little victims that the miserable mother observes	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teacher discourages the young farmers that the huge aunt observes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teacher discourages the old fathers that the ecstatic victim engages	singular	plural	singular	discourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher discourages the large lawyers that the miserable singer greets	singular	plural	singular	discourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teacher discourages the little singers that the sad man stimulates	singular	plural	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher discourages the little victims that the old aunt stimulates	singular	plural	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teacher encourages the ecstatic girls that the small singer greets	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teacher encourages the large men that the huge girl confuses	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teacher encourages the tiny mothers that the happy athlete avoids	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher encourages the joyful singers that the small boy avoids	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher engages the ecstatic athletes that the small victim knows	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher engages the little lawyers that the old poet greets	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher greets the tiny farmers that the old uncle inspires	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teacher inspires the ecstatic athletes that the young woman confuses	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher inspires the joyful farmers that the small poet criticizes	singular	plural	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher inspires the sad men that the large kid observes	singular	plural	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teacher knows the young aunts that the huge carpenter encourages	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher knows the old boys that the small aunt greets	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher knows the sad girls that the large friend avoids	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher knows the old men that the big father admires	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher knows the small poets that the joyful victim remembers	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teacher observes the huge aunts that the tiny farmer discourages	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teacher observes the huge farmers that the sad poet stimulates	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher observes the small men that the huge farmer engages	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher observes the small victims that the happy father avoids	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teacher observes the little victims that the old kid stimulates	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher remembers the joyful fathers that the young kid stimulates	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher remembers the sad mothers that the huge poet approves	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teacher stimulates the ecstatic guys that the large woman understands	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher understands the sad athletes that the old father confuses	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teacher understands the old aunts that the small farmer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher understands the ecstatic mothers that the big carpenter stimulates	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teacher understands the ecstatic mothers that the joyful kid discourages	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle admires the large aunts that the tiny boy discourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle admires the sad doctors that the tiny singer engages	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle admires the young fathers that the huge girl greets	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle admires the young men that the large poet inspires	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle admires the old mothers that the big athlete criticizes	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle admires the ecstatic mothers that the miserable man engages	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle admires the tiny poets that the large farmer inspires	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle admires the ecstatic victims that the tiny aunt observes	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle admires the large women that the old doctor greets	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle approves the tiny aunts that the large victim understands	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle approves the ecstatic farmers that the miserable singer confuses	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle approves the young kids that the large guy engages	singular	plural	singular	approve	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncle approves the little victims that the joyful poet admires	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle approves the happy victims that the huge singer understands	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncle approves the small women that the young teacher confuses	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle avoids the young friends that the little lawyer discourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncle avoids the small girls that the big kid remembers	singular	plural	singular	avoid	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle confuses the old farmers that the joyful aunt admires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle confuses the little friends that the old farmer observes	singular	plural	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle criticizes the ecstatic aunts that the small friend knows	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle criticizes the old boys that the happy victim admires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle criticizes the happy men that the old poet confuses	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncle criticizes the ecstatic teachers that the large girl confuses	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncle discourages the miserable athletes that the tiny farmer understands	singular	plural	singular	discourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle discourages the small poets that the miserable boy inspires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle encourages the huge aunts that the young girl understands	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle encourages the joyful friends that the little girl remembers	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncle encourages the old lawyers that the joyful boy greets	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncle encourages the little teachers that the small girl understands	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle engages the ecstatic boys that the old athlete greets	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle engages the ecstatic friends that the joyful woman knows	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncle engages the ecstatic guys that the huge kid encourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle engages the small kids that the happy guy remembers	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncle greets the big doctors that the miserable friend confuses	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle greets the big mothers that the large farmer avoids	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle inspires the sad friends that the small aunt discourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle inspires the small kids that the large boy stimulates	singular	plural	singular	inspire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncle knows the huge friends that the happy boy inspires	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncle knows the joyful teachers that the sad man understands	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncle knows the sad victims that the joyful aunt understands	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle observes the little friends that the large athlete understands	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle observes the ecstatic singers that the tiny doctor admires	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle remembers the big kids that the sad poet approves	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle remembers the young lawyers that the joyful teacher understands	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle remembers the joyful mothers that the ecstatic woman inspires	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle remembers the little singers that the young aunt avoids	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle stimulates the little poets that the ecstatic girl greets	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle stimulates the sad singers that the miserable father criticizes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncle understands the old athletes that the tiny woman engages	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim admires the large athletes that the big doctor discourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victim admires the large farmers that the huge friend understands	singular	plural	singular	admire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim admires the miserable friends that the big guy knows	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim admires the large girls that the joyful mother avoids	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victim approves the joyful fathers that the old boy criticizes	singular	plural	singular	approve	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim approves the young mothers that the tiny doctor discourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victim avoids the big doctors that the old teacher understands	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim confuses the little boys that the joyful woman inspires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim confuses the huge farmers that the sad kid observes	singular	plural	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim confuses the little lawyers that the sad singer inspires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim confuses the large lawyers that the huge uncle inspires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim confuses the huge singers that the happy doctor admires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim criticizes the miserable aunts that the big mother observes	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victim criticizes the tiny carpenters that the old boy admires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victim criticizes the sad girls that the ecstatic aunt approves	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim criticizes the big girls that the happy kid inspires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victim criticizes the happy guys that the tiny doctor encourages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victim criticizes the sad mothers that the old father encourages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim discourages the huge aunts that the big singer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victim discourages the tiny girls that the miserable singer confuses	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victim discourages the sad men that the ecstatic athlete stimulates	singular	plural	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victim encourages the old aunts that the happy carpenter inspires	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim encourages the ecstatic boys that the sad girl observes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim encourages the old guys that the sad teacher remembers	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victim encourages the old singers that the happy aunt inspires	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victim encourages the miserable teachers that the old carpenter greets	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victim encourages the miserable teachers that the big poet knows	singular	plural	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victim engages the small kids that the tiny poet confuses	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim engages the sad mothers that the young farmer admires	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim engages the tiny poets that the little farmer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victim engages the small women that the miserable kid approves	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim greets the large boys that the little mother discourages	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim greets the young boys that the sad woman confuses	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victim greets the young fathers that the happy friend inspires	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim greets the ecstatic men that the old carpenter understands	singular	plural	singular	greet	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim greets the tiny poets that the ecstatic boy observes	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim inspires the small doctors that the ecstatic athlete discourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victim inspires the large girls that the happy uncle avoids	singular	plural	singular	inspire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victim inspires the small women that the young kid remembers	singular	plural	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim knows the large aunts that the miserable carpenter remembers	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim knows the huge boys that the young mother inspires	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim knows the happy lawyers that the ecstatic friend avoids	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim knows the big men that the ecstatic uncle avoids	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim observes the young doctors that the joyful boy encourages	singular	plural	singular	observe	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victim observes the huge friends that the sad man inspires	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim observes the ecstatic girls that the huge singer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim observes the small girls that the large singer inspires	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim observes the big girls that the little teacher understands	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim observes the big uncles that the little lawyer avoids	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim remembers the large men that the ecstatic guy confuses	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victim remembers the small singers that the huge aunt greets	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim stimulates the huge fathers that the tiny athlete knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim stimulates the happy poets that the large teacher knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim stimulates the young teachers that the sad woman confuses	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim stimulates the large uncles that the happy teacher confuses	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim understands the sad farmers that the miserable singer knows	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victim understands the miserable kids that the tiny aunt stimulates	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim understands the huge mothers that the ecstatic aunt knows	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim understands the joyful uncles that the huge boy observes	singular	plural	singular	understand	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large woman admires the sad boys that the big girl stimulates	singular	plural	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big woman admires the joyful girls that the little teacher discourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman admires the large guys that the joyful teacher knows	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy woman admires the large singers that the tiny victim criticizes	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman admires the sad teachers that the young doctor encourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman approves the large carpenters that the joyful boy admires	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman approves the joyful farmers that the little uncle admires	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman approves the huge men that the young poet understands	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big woman avoids the huge athletes that the large man confuses	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old woman avoids the happy girls that the ecstatic aunt criticizes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman avoids the large men that the huge doctor remembers	singular	plural	singular	avoid	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman criticizes the huge athletes that the little boy discourages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old woman criticizes the little aunts that the tiny carpenter confuses	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman criticizes the ecstatic doctors that the big teacher approves	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big woman criticizes the joyful poets that the tiny teacher knows	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large woman discourages the miserable farmers that the young carpenter encourages	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman discourages the sad friends that the happy victim inspires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young woman discourages the joyful kids that the large boy understands	singular	plural	singular	discourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad woman discourages the huge lawyers that the miserable girl confuses	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman discourages the big singers that the huge victim encourages	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big woman encourages the happy aunts that the sad girl greets	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy woman encourages the huge men that the big boy understands	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman encourages the sad victims that the miserable farmer discourages	singular	plural	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman engages the tiny farmers that the miserable poet knows	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big woman engages the tiny kids that the small aunt criticizes	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman engages the old mothers that the little kid criticizes	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman engages the miserable victims that the huge teacher approves	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman greets the large doctors that the small victim encourages	singular	plural	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman greets the ecstatic farmers that the happy man avoids	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman greets the large victims that the tiny poet confuses	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman inspires the joyful guys that the large carpenter understands	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman inspires the big kids that the tiny poet remembers	singular	plural	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big woman inspires the joyful lawyers that the large uncle confuses	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young woman inspires the large men that the big kid engages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman inspires the miserable teachers that the old guy stimulates	singular	plural	singular	inspire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old woman knows the little fathers that the happy girl encourages	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman knows the little girls that the young man stimulates	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman remembers the joyful farmers that the miserable man greets	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old woman remembers the joyful singers that the young uncle criticizes	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old woman stimulates the tiny kids that the sad girl encourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman stimulates the large men that the big doctor admires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman stimulates the happy men that the little guy observes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman stimulates the large uncles that the tiny farmer remembers	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman understands the old aunts that the small singer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman understands the old men that the ecstatic athlete knows	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge woman understands the joyful poets that the happy girl criticizes	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman understands the young singers that the big kid stimulates	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad woman understands the old victims that the joyful father avoids	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete approves the small doctors that the big boys observe	singular	plural	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete approves the happy poets that the huge singers confuse	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athlete approves the sad singers that the tiny friends confuse	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete approves the big victims that the young aunts confuse	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete avoids the sad victims that the happy kids discourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete confuses the happy girls that the huge fathers approve	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete confuses the young girls that the sad women admire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athlete confuses the miserable lawyers that the old carpenters approve	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete criticizes the big carpenters that the happy uncles observe	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athlete criticizes the big singers that the old girls engage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete criticizes the ecstatic uncles that the huge aunts inspire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete discourages the sad kids that the happy boys engage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete discourages the big kids that the small guys criticize	singular	plural	plural	discourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete discourages the young mothers that the large doctors know	singular	plural	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete discourages the large teachers that the small boys criticize	singular	plural	plural	discourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athlete encourages the little friends that the huge aunts stimulate	singular	plural	plural	encourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete encourages the sad girls that the miserable kids confuse	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete encourages the miserable lawyers that the large uncles avoid	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete engages the small doctors that the little lawyers criticize	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete engages the joyful girls that the large carpenters confuse	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete engages the small girls that the little friends encourage	singular	plural	plural	engage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete engages the ecstatic girls that the miserable uncles criticize	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athlete engages the sad kids that the large teachers confuse	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete greets the small farmers that the sad kids admire	singular	plural	plural	greet	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete greets the big girls that the old lawyers encourage	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athlete greets the sad guys that the large carpenters admire	singular	plural	plural	greet	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athlete inspires the happy carpenters that the miserable boys approve	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athlete inspires the tiny uncles that the sad guys engage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete knows the big boys that the happy teachers understand	singular	plural	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athlete knows the big fathers that the joyful carpenters encourage	singular	plural	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athlete knows the sad victims that the small boys greet	singular	plural	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete observes the tiny fathers that the small boys discourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete remembers the tiny teachers that the small men admire	singular	plural	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete remembers the sad women that the little victims engage	singular	plural	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete stimulates the small doctors that the ecstatic victims know	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete stimulates the ecstatic guys that the little friends criticize	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete stimulates the little men that the young teachers observe	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete stimulates the old mothers that the sad uncles discourage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athlete stimulates the ecstatic uncles that the joyful guys understand	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athlete understands the small kids that the happy aunts encourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt admires the joyful doctors that the old carpenters encourage	singular	plural	plural	admire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt approves the huge farmers that the little fathers greet	singular	plural	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt approves the young poets that the miserable lawyers observe	singular	plural	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt approves the large victims that the little lawyers know	singular	plural	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt avoids the happy athletes that the joyful doctors observe	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt avoids the sad boys that the huge fathers observe	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunt avoids the old farmers that the sad guys know	singular	plural	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunt avoids the sad mothers that the ecstatic athletes encourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt avoids the huge poets that the tiny fathers approve	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunt confuses the young men that the happy boys approve	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt confuses the miserable singers that the young teachers admire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunt criticizes the miserable carpenters that the small mothers admire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt criticizes the ecstatic friends that the miserable girls avoid	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunt criticizes the ecstatic men that the tiny teachers inspire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt criticizes the joyful mothers that the happy guys discourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt criticizes the ecstatic poets that the huge friends engage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunt criticizes the little women that the miserable lawyers remember	singular	plural	plural	criticize	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt discourages the little carpenters that the happy boys encourage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunt discourages the old doctors that the big friends understand	singular	plural	plural	discourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt discourages the little friends that the happy boys admire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt discourages the huge kids that the sad guys criticize	singular	plural	plural	discourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt discourages the little lawyers that the tiny men encourage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunt discourages the small singers that the miserable farmers remember	singular	plural	plural	discourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt encourages the tiny friends that the huge fathers inspire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunt engages the sad athletes that the huge doctors approve	singular	plural	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt engages the large boys that the sad athletes observe	singular	plural	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunt engages the huge boys that the sad carpenters know	singular	plural	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt engages the young lawyers that the large uncles admire	singular	plural	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt engages the ecstatic men that the happy athletes greet	singular	plural	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt engages the old poets that the huge men avoid	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt engages the little women that the sad poets stimulate	singular	plural	plural	engage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt greets the small doctors that the ecstatic lawyers inspire	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt greets the happy friends that the huge mothers admire	singular	plural	plural	greet	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt inspires the sad carpenters that the large friends engage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunt knows the ecstatic athletes that the large singers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	know	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunt knows the small guys that the happy victims avoid	singular	plural	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt knows the joyful guys that the young women inspire	singular	plural	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt knows the old lawyers that the large girls approve	singular	plural	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt observes the old girls that the huge victims understand	singular	plural	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunt observes the joyful mothers that the old boys admire	singular	plural	plural	observe	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunt observes the large singers that the little women admire	singular	plural	plural	observe	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunt remembers the tiny carpenters that the big guys approve	singular	plural	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt remembers the miserable kids that the big fathers understand	singular	plural	plural	remember	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt remembers the huge uncles that the joyful carpenters encourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt remembers the ecstatic women that the joyful farmers avoid	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt stimulates the miserable farmers that the ecstatic mothers remember	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunt stimulates the happy uncles that the ecstatic friends approve	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunt understands the old poets that the tiny friends discourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt understands the small poets that the big mothers criticize	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt understands the tiny uncles that the ecstatic doctors encourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy admires the little aunts that the big farmers criticize	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy admires the small carpenters that the tiny teachers encourage	singular	plural	plural	admire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boy admires the sad farmers that the tiny fathers criticize	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boy admires the miserable guys that the joyful mothers greet	singular	plural	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy approves the young kids that the tiny uncles observe	singular	plural	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boy avoids the small friends that the sad lawyers discourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boy avoids the sad lawyers that the huge poets encourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy avoids the sad victims that the young friends stimulate	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy avoids the big women that the miserable men stimulate	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy confuses the happy aunts that the miserable farmers engage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy confuses the small poets that the huge carpenters remember	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boy confuses the miserable victims that the little teachers know	singular	plural	plural	confuse	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boy criticizes the small friends that the young aunts confuse	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boy criticizes the ecstatic guys that the young teachers encourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boy criticizes the big lawyers that the small aunts observe	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boy criticizes the miserable lawyers that the old girls confuse	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boy criticizes the large mothers that the huge uncles greet	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boy discourages the sad doctors that the little fathers observe	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy discourages the happy friends that the sad kids stimulate	singular	plural	plural	discourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boy discourages the young lawyers that the joyful girls inspire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy discourages the young women that the big carpenters approve	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy encourages the happy carpenters that the old women admire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy encourages the small teachers that the little friends admire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boy engages the joyful aunts that the small friends know	singular	plural	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy engages the tiny aunts that the big poets admire	singular	plural	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy engages the big doctors that the young teachers understand	singular	plural	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy engages the young friends that the sad athletes criticize	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boy engages the big women that the small kids discourage	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy greets the joyful farmers that the large men observe	singular	plural	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy inspires the miserable carpenters that the huge aunts criticize	singular	plural	plural	inspire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy inspires the big doctors that the large girls engage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy inspires the huge poets that the sad athletes confuse	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boy inspires the young women that the huge friends greet	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boy knows the young lawyers that the huge mothers greet	singular	plural	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boy knows the big singers that the sad mothers observe	singular	plural	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy knows the sad women that the big guys avoid	singular	plural	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy observes the old friends that the miserable aunts understand	singular	plural	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy observes the little girls that the tiny kids inspire	singular	plural	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boy observes the small men that the sad carpenters engage	singular	plural	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boy observes the joyful men that the large uncles admire	singular	plural	plural	observe	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boy observes the young poets that the miserable carpenters remember	singular	plural	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boy observes the miserable uncles that the little poets confuse	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy remembers the joyful singers that the huge girls inspire	singular	plural	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boy stimulates the big aunts that the tiny guys criticize	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy stimulates the huge fathers that the tiny uncles engage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy stimulates the large men that the little farmers greet	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boy stimulates the old poets that the small farmers approve	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boy understands the large fathers that the joyful women observe	singular	plural	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boy understands the small guys that the tiny farmers discourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy understands the old kids that the large uncles observe	singular	plural	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boy understands the big men that the huge singers greet	singular	plural	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boy understands the old poets that the joyful aunts discourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boy understands the tiny women that the young fathers engage	singular	plural	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter admires the old uncles that the small victims discourage	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter approves the old aunts that the huge teachers criticize	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter approves the joyful fathers that the old aunts stimulate	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter approves the little kids that the small uncles understand	singular	plural	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter approves the happy singers that the sad poets greet	singular	plural	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter approves the tiny women that the miserable aunts engage	singular	plural	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter approves the big women that the sad farmers know	singular	plural	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter approves the old women that the big lawyers engage	singular	plural	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter avoids the miserable athletes that the young girls admire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter avoids the huge friends that the small girls inspire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter avoids the miserable girls that the old doctors remember	singular	plural	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter confuses the happy aunts that the ecstatic athletes stimulate	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter confuses the big girls that the sad friends observe	singular	plural	plural	confuse	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter confuses the large uncles that the ecstatic victims avoid	singular	plural	plural	confuse	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter criticizes the small women that the huge poets engage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter criticizes the tiny women that the large uncles avoid	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter discourages the ecstatic athletes that the joyful poets understand	singular	plural	plural	discourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter discourages the large friends that the small aunts admire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter discourages the young friends that the old mothers know	singular	plural	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter discourages the ecstatic girls that the miserable guys encourage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter discourages the large men that the small mothers criticize	singular	plural	plural	discourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter discourages the small teachers that the large boys engage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter encourages the big doctors that the old athletes stimulate	singular	plural	plural	encourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter engages the joyful boys that the miserable lawyers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	engage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter engages the joyful doctors that the small girls inspire	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter greets the young doctors that the little lawyers remember	singular	plural	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter greets the joyful teachers that the huge athletes confuse	singular	plural	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter inspires the little friends that the miserable men approve	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter inspires the ecstatic victims that the young mothers know	singular	plural	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter knows the joyful farmers that the sad doctors approve	singular	plural	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter knows the ecstatic lawyers that the little guys remember	singular	plural	plural	know	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter knows the happy singers that the young guys understand	singular	plural	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter knows the miserable women that the big friends discourage	singular	plural	plural	know	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter observes the happy poets that the miserable women stimulate	singular	plural	plural	observe	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter observes the joyful teachers that the tiny girls approve	singular	plural	plural	observe	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter observes the old victims that the ecstatic singers avoid	singular	plural	plural	observe	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter remembers the joyful aunts that the old women discourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter remembers the little friends that the young athletes greet	singular	plural	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter remembers the young poets that the old guys criticize	singular	plural	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter remembers the joyful poets that the old kids know	singular	plural	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter stimulates the old singers that the happy fathers know	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter stimulates the big uncles that the large victims know	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter stimulates the large women that the small singers avoid	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter understands the joyful teachers that the large kids remember	singular	plural	plural	understand	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor admires the little athletes that the ecstatic mothers criticize	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor admires the small friends that the ecstatic farmers greet	singular	plural	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor admires the sad guys that the happy friends stimulate	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctor admires the sad kids that the joyful carpenters encourage	singular	plural	plural	admire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctor admires the big women that the joyful lawyers observe	singular	plural	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctor approves the big aunts that the joyful farmers encourage	singular	plural	plural	approve	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor approves the old kids that the happy victims inspire	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor approves the large victims that the big uncles inspire	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor avoids the old carpenters that the sad poets understand	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctor avoids the large friends that the joyful kids observe	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor confuses the miserable farmers that the tiny friends criticize	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor confuses the tiny victims that the miserable farmers know	singular	plural	plural	confuse	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctor confuses the sad women that the large boys criticize	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor criticizes the little boys that the huge carpenters stimulate	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor criticizes the young carpenters that the little boys engage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor criticizes the small kids that the large carpenters inspire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor discourages the ecstatic kids that the large singers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	discourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor discourages the ecstatic mothers that the miserable athletes criticize	singular	plural	plural	discourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctor discourages the sad women that the huge poets greet	singular	plural	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor encourages the little girls that the tiny boys inspire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor encourages the young girls that the small teachers approve	singular	plural	plural	encourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctor encourages the young lawyers that the joyful mothers remember	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctor encourages the sad mothers that the large friends criticize	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor encourages the old victims that the young uncles admire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctor engages the young guys that the ecstatic farmers know	singular	plural	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor engages the ecstatic guys that the tiny farmers observe	singular	plural	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor engages the large mothers that the joyful men understand	singular	plural	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctor engages the joyful victims that the young aunts approve	singular	plural	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor inspires the ecstatic athletes that the young uncles know	singular	plural	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctor inspires the joyful aunts that the miserable lawyers observe	singular	plural	plural	inspire	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctor inspires the small carpenters that the tiny singers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctor inspires the ecstatic kids that the sad aunts encourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctor inspires the ecstatic singers that the old aunts greet	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor knows the sad boys that the little poets criticize	singular	plural	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor knows the big fathers that the young men understand	singular	plural	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor knows the large guys that the tiny mothers observe	singular	plural	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor knows the old kids that the little guys observe	singular	plural	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor observes the young friends that the little singers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	observe	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor observes the miserable lawyers that the sad kids criticize	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor observes the tiny uncles that the huge men stimulate	singular	plural	plural	observe	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctor remembers the little farmers that the joyful aunts know	singular	plural	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor stimulates the happy athletes that the ecstatic fathers inspire	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor stimulates the big boys that the large teachers admire	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctor stimulates the huge men that the sad aunts inspire	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctor stimulates the ecstatic singers that the miserable fathers approve	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctor understands the little boys that the ecstatic athletes avoid	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor understands the huge girls that the young fathers discourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctor understands the happy guys that the sad carpenters confuse	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor understands the joyful lawyers that the sad teachers know	singular	plural	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor understands the old women that the happy lawyers know	singular	plural	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer admires the big carpenters that the old victims criticize	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer admires the sad fathers that the big uncles discourage	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer admires the happy mothers that the ecstatic kids observe	singular	plural	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer admires the tiny teachers that the ecstatic singers criticize	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmer admires the sad women that the large aunts observe	singular	plural	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmer approves the miserable fathers that the small friends stimulate	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer approves the young men that the miserable boys greet	singular	plural	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmer approves the old men that the big lawyers confuse	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer avoids the tiny carpenters that the big athletes understand	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer avoids the little lawyers that the old girls discourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmer avoids the ecstatic mothers that the young teachers know	singular	plural	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmer avoids the young singers that the large teachers admire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmer avoids the big teachers that the ecstatic athletes admire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer confuses the huge boys that the miserable doctors encourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer confuses the miserable boys that the large women encourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmer confuses the ecstatic friends that the big aunts know	singular	plural	plural	confuse	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmer confuses the joyful girls that the sad athletes understand	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer confuses the young teachers that the old aunts greet	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmer confuses the sad uncles that the large carpenters know	singular	plural	plural	confuse	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer criticizes the happy aunts that the large doctors know	singular	plural	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer criticizes the huge doctors that the big aunts confuse	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer criticizes the old singers that the huge carpenters encourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer criticizes the old singers that the large doctors engage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer discourages the big athletes that the small girls approve	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer discourages the sad aunts that the miserable friends admire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmer discourages the sad kids that the little doctors engage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer discourages the miserable poets that the young carpenters avoid	singular	plural	plural	discourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer encourages the old athletes that the large carpenters engage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer encourages the small boys that the young uncles inspire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer encourages the big doctors that the happy mothers avoid	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer encourages the tiny guys that the young mothers understand	singular	plural	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer engages the happy aunts that the joyful fathers admire	singular	plural	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer engages the young doctors that the happy mothers confuse	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer engages the joyful fathers that the sad teachers understand	singular	plural	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmer engages the old mothers that the little men admire	singular	plural	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer engages the joyful poets that the ecstatic teachers discourage	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer engages the young teachers that the huge uncles approve	singular	plural	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmer greets the joyful kids that the sad aunts confuse	singular	plural	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer greets the huge lawyers that the large doctors encourage	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer inspires the joyful carpenters that the tiny fathers remember	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer inspires the small carpenters that the sad poets know	singular	plural	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer inspires the little guys that the large aunts discourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer inspires the old kids that the big men encourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmer inspires the ecstatic lawyers that the sad aunts encourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer inspires the tiny mothers that the big men stimulate	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmer inspires the ecstatic singers that the young uncles engage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer knows the big athletes that the small friends inspire	singular	plural	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer knows the ecstatic girls that the miserable women confuse	singular	plural	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmer knows the sad men that the joyful athletes avoid	singular	plural	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer knows the young poets that the joyful teachers confuse	singular	plural	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmer observes the joyful athletes that the sad uncles criticize	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmer observes the tiny boys that the ecstatic uncles discourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmer observes the ecstatic doctors that the large kids greet	singular	plural	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer observes the small girls that the huge poets criticize	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer observes the miserable lawyers that the huge friends encourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmer observes the happy mothers that the large carpenters inspire	singular	plural	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmer remembers the miserable doctors that the sad mothers know	singular	plural	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer remembers the tiny lawyers that the young guys observe	singular	plural	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer remembers the tiny men that the old victims criticize	singular	plural	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmer remembers the miserable teachers that the sad aunts admire	singular	plural	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmer stimulates the huge men that the happy doctors admire	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmer understands the sad lawyers that the happy fathers encourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmer understands the huge poets that the little aunts confuse	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old father admires the miserable carpenters that the big farmers encourage	singular	plural	plural	admire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable father admires the huge lawyers that the ecstatic victims inspire	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young father approves the old farmers that the joyful kids confuse	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny father approves the joyful friends that the small boys remember	singular	plural	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable father avoids the sad athletes that the little mothers greet	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful father avoids the young athletes that the large teachers admire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little father avoids the old boys that the large men criticize	singular	plural	plural	avoid	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young father avoids the joyful lawyers that the little doctors remember	singular	plural	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad father avoids the ecstatic mothers that the young men remember	singular	plural	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little father avoids the ecstatic women that the large kids encourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large father confuses the little singers that the big athletes avoid	singular	plural	plural	confuse	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big father criticizes the ecstatic athletes that the miserable mothers avoid	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large father criticizes the happy doctors that the old singers know	singular	plural	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful father criticizes the happy kids that the small athletes discourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large father discourages the ecstatic aunts that the huge athletes greet	singular	plural	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father discourages the sad doctors that the ecstatic mothers admire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old father discourages the huge farmers that the tiny mothers admire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable father discourages the little poets that the old kids approve	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable father discourages the small poets that the large lawyers observe	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large father encourages the joyful farmers that the tiny boys stimulate	singular	plural	plural	encourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large father encourages the tiny guys that the little poets admire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large father encourages the young poets that the huge singers know	singular	plural	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful father encourages the old victims that the big mothers avoid	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny father engages the small athletes that the young uncles greet	singular	plural	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little father engages the big athletes that the large women admire	singular	plural	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father engages the old boys that the young singers know	singular	plural	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small father engages the huge carpenters that the young victims inspire	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little father engages the miserable guys that the small boys greet	singular	plural	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large father greets the happy aunts that the small women understand	singular	plural	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny father greets the little doctors that the miserable aunts discourage	singular	plural	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful father greets the happy teachers that the huge athletes confuse	singular	plural	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large father inspires the miserable carpenters that the old singers encourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large father inspires the huge farmers that the miserable girls engage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable father inspires the huge girls that the young poets engage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small father inspires the joyful teachers that the miserable farmers remember	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable father knows the tiny farmers that the joyful guys understand	singular	plural	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old father knows the happy teachers that the miserable kids criticize	singular	plural	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable father knows the tiny teachers that the old uncles engage	singular	plural	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young father knows the little victims that the ecstatic teachers engage	singular	plural	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father knows the old women that the little farmers engage	singular	plural	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful father observes the big doctors that the little carpenters inspire	singular	plural	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young father observes the huge teachers that the tiny doctors remember	singular	plural	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young father remembers the ecstatic boys that the joyful lawyers encourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young father stimulates the ecstatic athletes that the huge doctors understand	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large father stimulates the happy kids that the miserable doctors confuse	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large father stimulates the old teachers that the joyful boys greet	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old father stimulates the small teachers that the joyful carpenters know	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young father stimulates the ecstatic teachers that the sad women know	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father understands the tiny boys that the miserable women criticize	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful father understands the young friends that the sad doctors criticize	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little father understands the sad girls that the big boys stimulate	singular	plural	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny father understands the big lawyers that the joyful men admire	singular	plural	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny father understands the big men that the joyful lawyers admire	singular	plural	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend admires the large carpenters that the miserable doctors greet	singular	plural	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend admires the miserable carpenters that the large girls confuse	singular	plural	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend admires the little kids that the miserable farmers understand	singular	plural	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend admires the happy lawyers that the sad women remember	singular	plural	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friend approves the big girls that the small uncles greet	singular	plural	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friend approves the miserable teachers that the huge boys admire	singular	plural	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend approves the small teachers that the happy kids understand	singular	plural	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend approves the huge uncles that the large farmers understand	singular	plural	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friend approves the large victims that the ecstatic carpenters understand	singular	plural	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend avoids the ecstatic boys that the small kids encourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friend avoids the happy farmers that the miserable victims engage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend avoids the huge girls that the large doctors understand	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend avoids the happy kids that the young teachers remember	singular	plural	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friend avoids the big lawyers that the large boys criticize	singular	plural	plural	avoid	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friend avoids the joyful victims that the old uncles observe	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend confuses the large boys that the young aunts stimulate	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friend confuses the large carpenters that the ecstatic aunts observe	singular	plural	plural	confuse	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend confuses the sad mothers that the joyful poets approve	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friend confuses the sad poets that the small women greet	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friend confuses the happy women that the old uncles discourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend criticizes the joyful doctors that the tiny fathers avoid	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friend criticizes the large guys that the young girls know	singular	plural	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friend criticizes the large kids that the young aunts remember	singular	plural	plural	criticize	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend criticizes the happy lawyers that the ecstatic men greet	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend discourages the tiny athletes that the big women confuse	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend discourages the miserable kids that the joyful teachers encourage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friend discourages the happy men that the large teachers observe	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend encourages the happy lawyers that the small poets understand	singular	plural	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend encourages the sad men that the huge boys inspire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend encourages the small women that the little doctors know	singular	plural	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend engages the sad guys that the large singers inspire	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend engages the joyful teachers that the large boys avoid	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friend engages the sad women that the old teachers remember	singular	plural	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friend greets the miserable doctors that the ecstatic guys know	singular	plural	plural	greet	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friend greets the big poets that the old women criticize	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend greets the sad teachers that the large athletes approve	singular	plural	plural	greet	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friend greets the sad women that the miserable lawyers encourage	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friend inspires the old athletes that the happy mothers engage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend inspires the sad kids that the young women encourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend knows the little men that the huge athletes avoid	singular	plural	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friend observes the large athletes that the miserable teachers engage	singular	plural	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friend observes the little boys that the sad doctors encourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friend observes the tiny victims that the happy boys confuse	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend remembers the happy carpenters that the large kids criticize	singular	plural	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friend remembers the ecstatic guys that the tiny uncles understand	singular	plural	plural	remember	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend remembers the little teachers that the ecstatic kids discourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend stimulates the large athletes that the small doctors confuse	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friend stimulates the big doctors that the large fathers encourage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend stimulates the sad doctors that the little singers observe	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friend stimulates the small kids that the tiny fathers observe	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friend understands the young athletes that the tiny doctors greet	singular	plural	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friend understands the small athletes that the young lawyers remember	singular	plural	plural	understand	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend understands the young doctors that the large lawyers encourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend understands the miserable girls that the old aunts stimulate	singular	plural	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend understands the big men that the old carpenters criticize	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girl admires the big fathers that the young farmers discourage	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girl admires the big guys that the young athletes approve	singular	plural	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl admires the big kids that the large poets understand	singular	plural	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl approves the joyful singers that the large athletes encourage	singular	plural	plural	approve	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl avoids the large aunts that the sad kids understand	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girl avoids the ecstatic fathers that the small friends understand	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl avoids the tiny lawyers that the ecstatic men know	singular	plural	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl avoids the large uncles that the tiny friends criticize	singular	plural	plural	avoid	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl confuses the joyful farmers that the big singers criticize	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl confuses the old friends that the sad victims discourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl confuses the large poets that the sad friends inspire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl confuses the ecstatic women that the old singers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl discourages the joyful kids that the big friends avoid	singular	plural	plural	discourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl discourages the happy poets that the sad carpenters observe	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl discourages the huge poets that the sad teachers criticize	singular	plural	plural	discourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl discourages the big singers that the tiny uncles remember	singular	plural	plural	discourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl discourages the tiny teachers that the happy victims confuse	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girl discourages the old women that the huge teachers observe	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl encourages the large friends that the happy boys discourage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl engages the ecstatic aunts that the small carpenters discourage	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girl engages the miserable friends that the tiny poets confuse	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girl engages the sad teachers that the tiny doctors stimulate	singular	plural	plural	engage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girl greets the ecstatic kids that the big uncles engage	singular	plural	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl greets the large lawyers that the old doctors observe	singular	plural	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl greets the miserable victims that the ecstatic mothers know	singular	plural	plural	greet	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl greets the sad women that the ecstatic kids inspire	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl inspires the old fathers that the large lawyers remember	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girl knows the little kids that the small friends discourage	singular	plural	plural	know	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl knows the small men that the young doctors criticize	singular	plural	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl knows the tiny women that the small guys encourage	singular	plural	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl observes the big boys that the miserable kids greet	singular	plural	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girl observes the miserable boys that the young lawyers know	singular	plural	plural	observe	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girl observes the young teachers that the large aunts greet	singular	plural	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl observes the small victims that the tiny aunts discourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl remembers the miserable carpenters that the old teachers confuse	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl remembers the huge guys that the big women confuse	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl remembers the old men that the little teachers encourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl stimulates the miserable farmers that the huge teachers encourage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl stimulates the happy kids that the ecstatic women inspire	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girl stimulates the big singers that the joyful poets know	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl stimulates the huge victims that the young men greet	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl understands the joyful aunts that the little women stimulate	singular	plural	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girl understands the large doctors that the small lawyers observe	singular	plural	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girl understands the miserable doctors that the huge women engage	singular	plural	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girl understands the old friends that the huge fathers admire	singular	plural	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guy admires the small doctors that the miserable friends understand	singular	plural	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy admires the young lawyers that the miserable athletes observe	singular	plural	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy admires the happy singers that the big doctors greet	singular	plural	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy admires the ecstatic singers that the tiny kids stimulate	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guy approves the joyful athletes that the happy farmers admire	singular	plural	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guy approves the sad carpenters that the tiny athletes know	singular	plural	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guy approves the ecstatic women that the big lawyers remember	singular	plural	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guy avoids the little athletes that the miserable lawyers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy avoids the miserable doctors that the large poets discourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy avoids the huge farmers that the big men encourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guy avoids the big girls that the huge kids approve	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy avoids the ecstatic lawyers that the sad singers greet	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy avoids the little uncles that the happy victims approve	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy avoids the old victims that the huge kids approve	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guy confuses the old athletes that the tiny victims engage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy confuses the old aunts that the miserable teachers understand	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy confuses the little boys that the happy fathers encourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy confuses the tiny carpenters that the large farmers avoid	singular	plural	plural	confuse	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guy confuses the huge kids that the tiny women remember	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy confuses the tiny poets that the huge aunts approve	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy confuses the large poets that the young lawyers inspire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guy confuses the sad teachers that the young doctors know	singular	plural	plural	confuse	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guy criticizes the sad friends that the big girls observe	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy criticizes the joyful kids that the small friends observe	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy criticizes the old victims that the small athletes confuse	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy discourages the huge boys that the sad girls greet	singular	plural	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy encourages the miserable doctors that the little boys confuse	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy encourages the huge kids that the large singers avoid	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guy encourages the old teachers that the large singers remember	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guy encourages the happy uncles that the miserable athletes admire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guy engages the small fathers that the old victims discourage	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy engages the ecstatic friends that the large victims criticize	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guy engages the miserable women that the sad teachers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	engage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy greets the huge doctors that the happy singers inspire	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy greets the young fathers that the little mothers remember	singular	plural	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy greets the large fathers that the miserable poets inspire	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guy greets the old friends that the small victims approve	singular	plural	plural	greet	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy inspires the ecstatic boys that the joyful teachers admire	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy inspires the young doctors that the big carpenters confuse	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guy inspires the big friends that the joyful farmers know	singular	plural	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy inspires the small poets that the young fathers discourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy inspires the tiny victims that the happy men discourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy observes the tiny athletes that the large uncles engage	singular	plural	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy observes the tiny doctors that the old friends know	singular	plural	plural	observe	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guy observes the happy kids that the ecstatic farmers criticize	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy remembers the tiny farmers that the ecstatic girls stimulate	singular	plural	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy remembers the happy fathers that the young boys discourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guy remembers the miserable victims that the ecstatic kids observe	singular	plural	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy remembers the large women that the joyful men avoid	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy stimulates the happy aunts that the old carpenters confuse	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy stimulates the tiny friends that the sad lawyers remember	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy stimulates the big poets that the old uncles approve	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy stimulates the ecstatic victims that the miserable doctors know	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy understands the tiny athletes that the miserable women observe	singular	plural	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy understands the happy farmers that the little athletes avoid	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guy understands the little men that the large lawyers greet	singular	plural	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy understands the ecstatic poets that the sad friends engage	singular	plural	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guy understands the tiny singers that the ecstatic men know	singular	plural	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid admires the miserable farmers that the big fathers remember	singular	plural	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid approves the young aunts that the joyful men confuse	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kid approves the young carpenters that the huge girls discourage	singular	plural	plural	approve	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kid approves the ecstatic victims that the miserable mothers know	singular	plural	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid approves the happy women that the small girls admire	singular	plural	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kid avoids the young mothers that the ecstatic women engage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kid avoids the sad poets that the ecstatic mothers inspire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kid confuses the large aunts that the old guys stimulate	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid confuses the old mothers that the large friends encourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kid confuses the huge mothers that the little lawyers know	singular	plural	plural	confuse	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kid criticizes the tiny carpenters that the small uncles admire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid criticizes the ecstatic friends that the young athletes greet	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kid criticizes the small lawyers that the young aunts inspire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid criticizes the huge men that the happy boys approve	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kid criticizes the small men that the big carpenters avoid	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid criticizes the ecstatic men that the joyful farmers admire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid criticizes the sad poets that the big singers know	singular	plural	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid discourages the happy aunts that the young victims encourage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kid discourages the happy boys that the sad guys understand	singular	plural	plural	discourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kid discourages the small girls that the miserable poets greet	singular	plural	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid discourages the large singers that the sad teachers greet	singular	plural	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kid encourages the little doctors that the young carpenters admire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kid encourages the big mothers that the happy poets remember	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid engages the young aunts that the tiny girls observe	singular	plural	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kid engages the large guys that the big doctors criticize	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid engages the big singers that the huge women avoid	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kid greets the ecstatic carpenters that the young farmers understand	singular	plural	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kid greets the ecstatic farmers that the big poets inspire	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kid greets the large friends that the old fathers know	singular	plural	plural	greet	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid greets the big teachers that the ecstatic singers know	singular	plural	plural	greet	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kid inspires the joyful aunts that the large singers confuse	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid inspires the tiny poets that the sad athletes understand	singular	plural	plural	inspire	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kid knows the huge boys that the big athletes confuse	singular	plural	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid knows the small farmers that the sad girls approve	singular	plural	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kid knows the happy friends that the young victims greet	singular	plural	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kid observes the happy doctors that the huge boys remember	singular	plural	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kid remembers the small doctors that the joyful victims confuse	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kid remembers the old fathers that the big carpenters criticize	singular	plural	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kid stimulates the happy boys that the large athletes greet	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid stimulates the little poets that the young singers greet	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid understands the large boys that the young lawyers engage	singular	plural	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kid understands the little farmers that the happy men approve	singular	plural	plural	understand	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid understands the happy friends that the miserable singers criticize	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid understands the ecstatic friends that the joyful women discourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid understands the ecstatic lawyers that the sad farmers confuse	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer admires the happy aunts that the small men remember	singular	plural	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer admires the large doctors that the sad farmers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer admires the miserable doctors that the small girls approve	singular	plural	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer admires the tiny fathers that the happy doctors engage	singular	plural	plural	admire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer admires the young men that the tiny women stimulate	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer admires the ecstatic poets that the large carpenters approve	singular	plural	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer admires the ecstatic teachers that the joyful farmers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer admires the small women that the joyful singers approve	singular	plural	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer approves the happy guys that the miserable aunts engage	singular	plural	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer approves the little mothers that the young doctors encourage	singular	plural	plural	approve	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer approves the joyful women that the old athletes criticize	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer avoids the joyful kids that the little aunts understand	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer avoids the ecstatic poets that the big doctors admire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer avoids the tiny uncles that the young guys engage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer confuses the old doctors that the young uncles inspire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer confuses the happy farmers that the big men discourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer confuses the sad kids that the joyful athletes discourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer confuses the miserable singers that the tiny victims engage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer confuses the young teachers that the sad farmers admire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer criticizes the large athletes that the joyful mothers avoid	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer criticizes the young guys that the tiny poets engage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer discourages the tiny aunts that the little uncles avoid	singular	plural	plural	discourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer discourages the happy mothers that the joyful friends greet	singular	plural	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer encourages the sad farmers that the miserable poets discourage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer encourages the sad fathers that the huge men criticize	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer encourages the little girls that the large carpenters discourage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer encourages the ecstatic singers that the old carpenters engage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer encourages the young uncles that the huge aunts greet	singular	plural	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer encourages the huge women that the ecstatic kids engage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer engages the large carpenters that the huge men know	singular	plural	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer engages the large carpenters that the old singers understand	singular	plural	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer engages the small singers that the sad boys admire	singular	plural	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer engages the happy teachers that the old doctors observe	singular	plural	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer greets the small carpenters that the young singers remember	singular	plural	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer inspires the miserable aunts that the tiny girls remember	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer inspires the little doctors that the small fathers know	singular	plural	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer inspires the big uncles that the tiny carpenters avoid	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer inspires the large victims that the huge boys avoid	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer knows the happy aunts that the miserable kids inspire	singular	plural	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer knows the large friends that the old uncles admire	singular	plural	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer knows the tiny girls that the big mothers admire	singular	plural	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer knows the ecstatic poets that the happy athletes remember	singular	plural	plural	know	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer knows the miserable singers that the little aunts greet	singular	plural	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer observes the little farmers that the old teachers understand	singular	plural	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer observes the sad guys that the young aunts discourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer observes the big teachers that the tiny boys encourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer remembers the miserable guys that the little girls criticize	singular	plural	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer remembers the ecstatic guys that the happy girls discourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer remembers the old mothers that the ecstatic men criticize	singular	plural	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer remembers the huge victims that the old carpenters discourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer stimulates the sad doctors that the ecstatic guys engage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer stimulates the tiny fathers that the small aunts remember	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer stimulates the tiny teachers that the huge men confuse	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer stimulates the big women that the joyful boys avoid	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer understands the little friends that the large singers criticize	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer understands the big guys that the young singers engage	singular	plural	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful man admires the little aunts that the huge doctors inspire	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small man admires the large carpenters that the happy guys know	singular	plural	plural	admire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young man admires the little farmers that the sad mothers understand	singular	plural	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man admires the small friends that the miserable uncles stimulate	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man admires the joyful guys that the big boys avoid	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old man admires the little poets that the miserable girls confuse	singular	plural	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man approves the huge aunts that the happy boys engage	singular	plural	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable man approves the tiny teachers that the joyful fathers encourage	singular	plural	plural	approve	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old man avoids the miserable carpenters that the big uncles encourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man avoids the sad doctors that the joyful singers confuse	singular	plural	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man avoids the miserable friends that the sad boys approve	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man avoids the big teachers that the tiny doctors stimulate	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little man confuses the sad doctors that the young fathers avoid	singular	plural	plural	confuse	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man confuses the miserable doctors that the sad girls admire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man criticizes the joyful guys that the tiny aunts engage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small man criticizes the happy kids that the young farmers encourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man discourages the big boys that the small uncles criticize	singular	plural	plural	discourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man discourages the happy carpenters that the little teachers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	discourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big man discourages the small friends that the ecstatic teachers confuse	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful man discourages the huge mothers that the old girls observe	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big man discourages the young poets that the old teachers encourage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man discourages the tiny uncles that the joyful athletes know	singular	plural	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man encourages the happy kids that the big carpenters criticize	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young man encourages the joyful poets that the tiny victims stimulate	singular	plural	plural	encourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man engages the small aunts that the joyful lawyers avoid	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small man engages the miserable kids that the young friends inspire	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man engages the miserable mothers that the tiny athletes discourage	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man greets the tiny guys that the ecstatic carpenters avoid	singular	plural	plural	greet	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old man greets the ecstatic lawyers that the large mothers observe	singular	plural	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man greets the huge mothers that the old aunts know	singular	plural	plural	greet	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man greets the young mothers that the happy uncles criticize	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man greets the miserable uncles that the little women know	singular	plural	plural	greet	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big man inspires the ecstatic athletes that the large uncles avoid	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man inspires the big girls that the happy farmers know	singular	plural	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful man inspires the small girls that the young kids criticize	singular	plural	plural	inspire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small man inspires the big guys that the little mothers remember	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful man inspires the happy lawyers that the miserable aunts criticize	singular	plural	plural	inspire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man inspires the old poets that the little doctors remember	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man observes the large fathers that the ecstatic boys greet	singular	plural	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny man observes the young girls that the big doctors know	singular	plural	plural	observe	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny man observes the old guys that the miserable kids understand	singular	plural	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big man remembers the ecstatic girls that the little friends stimulate	singular	plural	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man remembers the old kids that the ecstatic aunts criticize	singular	plural	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny man remembers the young singers that the big women avoid	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man remembers the large women that the tiny aunts observe	singular	plural	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful man remembers the miserable women that the happy girls avoid	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man stimulates the small girls that the old carpenters inspire	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little man stimulates the small kids that the big lawyers know	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young man stimulates the large poets that the ecstatic teachers criticize	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big man understands the young athletes that the happy poets observe	singular	plural	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother admires the joyful aunts that the ecstatic kids greet	singular	plural	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mother admires the tiny aunts that the joyful singers know	singular	plural	plural	admire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mother admires the large doctors that the joyful poets inspire	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother admires the huge friends that the young singers engage	singular	plural	plural	admire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mother admires the miserable lawyers that the huge athletes stimulate	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mother approves the huge athletes that the big doctors confuse	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother approves the small victims that the happy singers admire	singular	plural	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother avoids the joyful athletes that the ecstatic boys know	singular	plural	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother avoids the ecstatic doctors that the little poets engage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother avoids the ecstatic girls that the big men stimulate	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother avoids the huge kids that the old women stimulate	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mother avoids the little men that the old friends encourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mother confuses the little boys that the sad athletes remember	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mother confuses the small boys that the miserable carpenters understand	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mother confuses the little doctors that the miserable carpenters greet	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother confuses the miserable farmers that the happy singers greet	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mother criticizes the little athletes that the happy carpenters confuse	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother criticizes the ecstatic fathers that the large poets stimulate	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother discourages the large boys that the small men approve	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother discourages the miserable girls that the huge aunts admire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother discourages the small lawyers that the tiny guys stimulate	singular	plural	plural	discourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother discourages the big singers that the joyful athletes inspire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother discourages the ecstatic teachers that the old doctors avoid	singular	plural	plural	discourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother discourages the small victims that the huge kids know	singular	plural	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother encourages the big singers that the huge girls approve	singular	plural	plural	encourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother engages the miserable carpenters that the large fathers understand	singular	plural	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother engages the large kids that the small carpenters greet	singular	plural	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mother engages the ecstatic singers that the tiny kids understand	singular	plural	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mother engages the happy teachers that the miserable uncles understand	singular	plural	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mother engages the joyful uncles that the happy victims confuse	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother greets the small lawyers that the joyful guys discourage	singular	plural	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother greets the sad men that the miserable girls avoid	singular	plural	plural	greet	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother inspires the ecstatic aunts that the young carpenters avoid	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother inspires the tiny doctors that the sad lawyers confuse	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother inspires the young doctors that the miserable lawyers engage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother inspires the huge farmers that the big athletes approve	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother inspires the big fathers that the little guys confuse	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mother inspires the large friends that the small girls remember	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother inspires the miserable girls that the big boys understand	singular	plural	plural	inspire	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother inspires the small uncles that the tiny poets admire	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother knows the old fathers that the huge singers inspire	singular	plural	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother observes the happy athletes that the old women criticize	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother observes the joyful friends that the old farmers understand	singular	plural	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mother observes the little kids that the large aunts inspire	singular	plural	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother observes the joyful teachers that the big girls encourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mother observes the little victims that the joyful boys understand	singular	plural	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother observes the big victims that the miserable guys know	singular	plural	plural	observe	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mother remembers the happy athletes that the ecstatic fathers admire	singular	plural	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother remembers the joyful kids that the young athletes engage	singular	plural	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mother remembers the sad singers that the happy women confuse	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother remembers the sad victims that the ecstatic friends approve	singular	plural	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mother remembers the little women that the tiny boys confuse	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother stimulates the old athletes that the miserable poets approve	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother stimulates the sad carpenters that the miserable girls approve	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother stimulates the huge farmers that the joyful girls remember	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother stimulates the sad fathers that the miserable singers inspire	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mother stimulates the big friends that the small lawyers criticize	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mother stimulates the large singers that the miserable uncles avoid	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother understands the little athletes that the ecstatic aunts admire	singular	plural	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother understands the miserable aunts that the happy doctors approve	singular	plural	plural	understand	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother understands the sad boys that the old friends admire	singular	plural	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mother understands the young carpenters that the tiny aunts stimulate	singular	plural	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mother understands the happy carpenters that the young friends encourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mother understands the joyful lawyers that the old boys avoid	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mother understands the small lawyers that the large teachers confuse	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother understands the little poets that the huge teachers remember	singular	plural	plural	understand	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet admires the big doctors that the happy athletes stimulate	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poet admires the huge farmers that the old boys criticize	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet approves the small athletes that the happy uncles discourage	singular	plural	plural	approve	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet approves the ecstatic girls that the huge kids greet	singular	plural	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poet approves the ecstatic women that the old uncles know	singular	plural	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poet avoids the big farmers that the joyful girls confuse	singular	plural	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet avoids the joyful teachers that the old girls understand	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poet confuses the large victims that the young lawyers inspire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poet criticizes the miserable fathers that the big girls approve	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet criticizes the little friends that the miserable kids know	singular	plural	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet discourages the happy doctors that the big men inspire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet discourages the happy fathers that the huge mothers know	singular	plural	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet discourages the joyful friends that the ecstatic mothers confuse	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet discourages the big men that the huge women observe	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet discourages the tiny women that the small boys encourage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poet encourages the happy carpenters that the tiny boys avoid	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poet encourages the old girls that the joyful athletes understand	singular	plural	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poet encourages the young victims that the old kids understand	singular	plural	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poet engages the miserable girls that the ecstatic uncles know	singular	plural	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet greets the young athletes that the little mothers encourage	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poet greets the old fathers that the miserable carpenters avoid	singular	plural	plural	greet	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poet inspires the happy fathers that the old farmers know	singular	plural	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poet inspires the sad guys that the little mothers approve	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poet inspires the ecstatic women that the young boys remember	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poet knows the big aunts that the miserable guys inspire	singular	plural	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poet knows the joyful uncles that the happy men understand	singular	plural	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poet observes the old farmers that the young girls engage	singular	plural	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poet observes the young men that the happy athletes greet	singular	plural	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poet observes the huge singers that the ecstatic women encourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poet observes the joyful victims that the huge aunts engage	singular	plural	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poet remembers the young guys that the big kids understand	singular	plural	plural	remember	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poet remembers the sad kids that the miserable friends discourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poet remembers the tiny men that the miserable boys approve	singular	plural	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet remembers the large singers that the joyful women inspire	singular	plural	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poet remembers the big teachers that the small uncles stimulate	singular	plural	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poet stimulates the miserable athletes that the joyful doctors admire	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet stimulates the big doctors that the little teachers observe	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet understands the little mothers that the huge uncles inspire	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singer admires the big friends that the small carpenters remember	singular	plural	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer admires the large girls that the joyful teachers confuse	singular	plural	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer admires the ecstatic poets that the miserable farmers approve	singular	plural	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singer admires the huge victims that the small fathers greet	singular	plural	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singer approves the ecstatic boys that the miserable women stimulate	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singer approves the young fathers that the huge friends inspire	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer avoids the ecstatic girls that the miserable farmers greet	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer avoids the old kids that the big guys remember	singular	plural	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer avoids the miserable mothers that the big fathers engage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer avoids the small uncles that the miserable poets inspire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singer confuses the sad aunts that the little men remember	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer confuses the large boys that the sad aunts remember	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singer confuses the miserable farmers that the young lawyers greet	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singer criticizes the tiny aunts that the big guys inspire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singer criticizes the tiny aunts that the old lawyers greet	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singer criticizes the miserable guys that the tiny victims admire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer discourages the big girls that the joyful fathers remember	singular	plural	plural	discourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singer discourages the young girls that the huge lawyers engage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singer discourages the big mothers that the young athletes stimulate	singular	plural	plural	discourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singer discourages the small mothers that the huge friends stimulate	singular	plural	plural	discourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer encourages the large boys that the happy guys greet	singular	plural	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singer encourages the ecstatic doctors that the sad lawyers avoid	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singer encourages the tiny fathers that the ecstatic friends criticize	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer encourages the happy fathers that the joyful guys observe	singular	plural	plural	encourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singer encourages the small girls that the large men stimulate	singular	plural	plural	encourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singer encourages the tiny lawyers that the miserable boys greet	singular	plural	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singer encourages the large lawyers that the ecstatic guys avoid	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer inspires the happy carpenters that the ecstatic boys approve	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer inspires the young men that the small guys know	singular	plural	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singer knows the old kids that the sad friends observe	singular	plural	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer knows the young teachers that the large boys observe	singular	plural	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer knows the miserable uncles that the ecstatic doctors avoid	singular	plural	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singer knows the small victims that the joyful aunts confuse	singular	plural	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer observes the small boys that the happy aunts discourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singer observes the joyful girls that the old mothers remember	singular	plural	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singer observes the young guys that the miserable fathers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	observe	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singer observes the ecstatic mothers that the little women avoid	singular	plural	plural	observe	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singer remembers the happy aunts that the little women know	singular	plural	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singer remembers the little mothers that the ecstatic uncles stimulate	singular	plural	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer stimulates the sad friends that the big fathers avoid	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singer stimulates the joyful mothers that the large kids avoid	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singer stimulates the old women that the tiny athletes remember	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singer understands the joyful uncles that the large teachers criticize	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher admires the joyful fathers that the sad farmers approve	singular	plural	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teacher admires the huge lawyers that the happy singers approve	singular	plural	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teacher admires the joyful mothers that the sad singers avoid	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher approves the large girls that the sad women engage	singular	plural	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher avoids the happy aunts that the tiny men engage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher avoids the sad men that the ecstatic athletes admire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teacher avoids the little men that the joyful friends encourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teacher avoids the happy mothers that the large kids understand	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teacher avoids the ecstatic uncles that the tiny victims criticize	singular	plural	plural	avoid	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher avoids the joyful victims that the big boys know	singular	plural	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teacher avoids the huge victims that the young friends understand	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teacher confuses the old farmers that the big boys understand	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher confuses the huge fathers that the ecstatic kids avoid	singular	plural	plural	confuse	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher confuses the large singers that the small farmers remember	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher criticizes the big boys that the small poets approve	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teacher discourages the old mothers that the young women encourage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher encourages the huge fathers that the miserable farmers understand	singular	plural	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher encourages the large victims that the happy men admire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teacher engages the big boys that the miserable guys confuse	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teacher engages the small fathers that the huge doctors discourage	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher engages the big men that the tiny poets admire	singular	plural	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher engages the little victims that the small friends know	singular	plural	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher greets the big uncles that the sad boys inspire	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher inspires the miserable aunts that the huge mothers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teacher inspires the little guys that the tiny boys criticize	singular	plural	plural	inspire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher inspires the young lawyers that the old aunts criticize	singular	plural	plural	inspire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher inspires the ecstatic victims that the miserable aunts engage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher knows the tiny guys that the miserable girls approve	singular	plural	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teacher knows the young kids that the tiny doctors observe	singular	plural	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher knows the old victims that the small mothers observe	singular	plural	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher knows the old women that the big doctors approve	singular	plural	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher observes the happy carpenters that the tiny kids inspire	singular	plural	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher observes the large kids that the little women understand	singular	plural	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher remembers the huge poets that the young aunts observe	singular	plural	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher remembers the ecstatic uncles that the big lawyers observe	singular	plural	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teacher stimulates the big doctors that the small aunts confuse	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teacher stimulates the joyful friends that the sad carpenters avoid	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher stimulates the little mothers that the joyful men avoid	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher stimulates the big poets that the small victims engage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher stimulates the big victims that the happy athletes confuse	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher understands the old aunts that the joyful doctors know	singular	plural	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teacher understands the sad doctors that the miserable singers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher understands the old friends that the small women approve	singular	plural	plural	understand	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teacher understands the miserable men that the big women know	singular	plural	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teacher understands the sad mothers that the small men inspire	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle approves the miserable farmers that the large friends admire	singular	plural	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle avoids the young athletes that the ecstatic guys discourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncle avoids the ecstatic farmers that the young guys observe	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle confuses the little friends that the tiny men greet	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle confuses the happy girls that the joyful fathers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle confuses the old mothers that the miserable men greet	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle confuses the small poets that the joyful fathers engage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncle criticizes the joyful carpenters that the young athletes inspire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle criticizes the joyful carpenters that the ecstatic boys stimulate	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle criticizes the happy doctors that the big carpenters understand	singular	plural	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncle criticizes the happy doctors that the old poets stimulate	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncle criticizes the small farmers that the ecstatic kids stimulate	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncle criticizes the ecstatic men that the miserable fathers greet	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncle criticizes the sad women that the young farmers encourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle discourages the young athletes that the little mothers confuse	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle discourages the joyful carpenters that the large singers approve	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle encourages the small boys that the big lawyers inspire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle encourages the sad carpenters that the small poets inspire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle encourages the joyful farmers that the little poets discourage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle encourages the miserable fathers that the huge teachers know	singular	plural	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle encourages the large men that the miserable friends know	singular	plural	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle encourages the ecstatic teachers that the happy singers discourage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle engages the young carpenters that the old athletes observe	singular	plural	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle engages the joyful carpenters that the huge fathers encourage	singular	plural	plural	engage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle engages the small lawyers that the huge farmers greet	singular	plural	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle engages the joyful singers that the young athletes remember	singular	plural	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle greets the small doctors that the sad victims criticize	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle greets the huge kids that the small victims stimulate	singular	plural	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle greets the little lawyers that the sad men encourage	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncle greets the sad singers that the big carpenters criticize	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncle inspires the small poets that the tiny lawyers know	singular	plural	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncle knows the tiny athletes that the young lawyers engage	singular	plural	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle knows the young mothers that the ecstatic poets admire	singular	plural	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle knows the ecstatic singers that the huge aunts engage	singular	plural	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle knows the huge teachers that the ecstatic aunts stimulate	singular	plural	plural	know	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle observes the joyful aunts that the big farmers discourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle observes the big farmers that the huge carpenters inspire	singular	plural	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle observes the tiny friends that the large doctors confuse	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncle observes the miserable friends that the joyful singers engage	singular	plural	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle observes the big friends that the old women criticize	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle remembers the big fathers that the old athletes confuse	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle remembers the tiny men that the large doctors avoid	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle remembers the happy teachers that the large farmers encourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle stimulates the joyful aunts that the huge singers engage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle stimulates the huge mothers that the ecstatic friends know	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncle understands the tiny guys that the small poets discourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle understands the young mothers that the huge girls inspire	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle understands the old victims that the big friends admire	singular	plural	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim admires the old doctors that the tiny mothers approve	singular	plural	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim admires the young teachers that the large carpenters inspire	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victim approves the miserable guys that the young fathers inspire	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victim approves the large guys that the tiny teachers greet	singular	plural	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim approves the happy mothers that the huge women discourage	singular	plural	plural	approve	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victim avoids the tiny boys that the young men understand	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim avoids the sad fathers that the large mothers observe	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim avoids the happy kids that the big women observe	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victim avoids the joyful singers that the young athletes stimulate	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victim avoids the huge women that the big poets inspire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victim confuses the small friends that the miserable athletes greet	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victim confuses the joyful girls that the sad aunts admire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim confuses the old girls that the ecstatic aunts avoid	singular	plural	plural	confuse	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim criticizes the sad doctors that the ecstatic kids inspire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victim criticizes the happy farmers that the miserable kids confuse	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim criticizes the little men that the old athletes avoid	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim criticizes the old poets that the young farmers confuse	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim criticizes the young poets that the large farmers encourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim criticizes the little uncles that the joyful women discourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victim criticizes the sad women that the young boys discourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim criticizes the ecstatic women that the miserable teachers understand	singular	plural	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim discourages the big guys that the young aunts inspire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victim discourages the small kids that the large friends observe	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victim encourages the happy men that the huge poets understand	singular	plural	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim encourages the small mothers that the young men avoid	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victim encourages the miserable teachers that the sad fathers avoid	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim encourages the little teachers that the huge fathers remember	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim engages the small friends that the little teachers discourage	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victim engages the miserable singers that the ecstatic fathers discourage	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victim greets the happy carpenters that the miserable fathers discourage	singular	plural	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victim greets the sad doctors that the happy farmers observe	singular	plural	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim greets the huge kids that the tiny friends discourage	singular	plural	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim greets the miserable lawyers that the ecstatic doctors discourage	singular	plural	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim greets the old mothers that the tiny girls understand	singular	plural	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim greets the large mothers that the ecstatic lawyers admire	singular	plural	plural	greet	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victim inspires the ecstatic uncles that the sad aunts approve	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim knows the old farmers that the young girls admire	singular	plural	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim knows the large men that the huge girls admire	singular	plural	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victim observes the young carpenters that the miserable uncles discourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim observes the happy lawyers that the old boys stimulate	singular	plural	plural	observe	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim observes the large mothers that the small doctors discourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim observes the sad uncles that the ecstatic friends avoid	singular	plural	plural	observe	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victim remembers the sad farmers that the joyful athletes know	singular	plural	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim remembers the big singers that the happy men observe	singular	plural	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim stimulates the huge teachers that the small girls remember	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victim understands the tiny carpenters that the happy poets confuse	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim understands the sad fathers that the ecstatic uncles avoid	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman admires the large mothers that the big carpenters observe	singular	plural	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad woman admires the big poets that the small carpenters observe	singular	plural	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large woman admires the huge victims that the old farmers avoid	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge woman approves the big aunts that the tiny singers engage	singular	plural	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad woman approves the miserable guys that the large victims remember	singular	plural	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy woman approves the miserable uncles that the little teachers avoid	singular	plural	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old woman avoids the huge men that the joyful uncles approve	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge woman avoids the ecstatic poets that the tiny guys remember	singular	plural	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman confuses the old athletes that the large mothers criticize	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman confuses the joyful girls that the old uncles criticize	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman confuses the sad poets that the ecstatic doctors approve	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad woman confuses the ecstatic singers that the young guys greet	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young woman criticizes the happy athletes that the large boys discourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman discourages the large aunts that the tiny athletes engage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman discourages the joyful carpenters that the large boys avoid	singular	plural	plural	discourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young woman discourages the little friends that the sad victims encourage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman discourages the small girls that the old teachers confuse	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman encourages the small boys that the sad guys engage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad woman engages the tiny doctors that the small singers inspire	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman engages the small friends that the tiny carpenters avoid	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman engages the big girls that the sad men remember	singular	plural	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young woman engages the old poets that the tiny mothers observe	singular	plural	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large woman engages the young singers that the tiny athletes discourage	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman engages the young uncles that the big carpenters avoid	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman greets the old girls that the little guys discourage	singular	plural	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman greets the ecstatic men that the small teachers understand	singular	plural	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman greets the miserable singers that the young lawyers observe	singular	plural	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young woman greets the sad teachers that the happy singers observe	singular	plural	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad woman greets the ecstatic uncles that the big doctors confuse	singular	plural	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big woman greets the ecstatic uncles that the little victims inspire	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman inspires the old teachers that the miserable poets discourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman knows the big athletes that the old mothers understand	singular	plural	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman knows the big farmers that the tiny friends engage	singular	plural	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge woman knows the happy girls that the joyful men understand	singular	plural	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman knows the joyful singers that the big aunts engage	singular	plural	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman observes the large farmers that the joyful guys criticize	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge woman observes the little kids that the miserable men stimulate	singular	plural	plural	observe	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman observes the young victims that the little mothers greet	singular	plural	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman remembers the sad carpenters that the miserable friends avoid	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman remembers the small kids that the tiny mothers approve	singular	plural	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy woman remembers the old mothers that the tiny poets observe	singular	plural	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy woman remembers the miserable teachers that the big lawyers confuse	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big woman stimulates the young carpenters that the happy friends approve	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman stimulates the happy carpenters that the sad uncles avoid	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman stimulates the happy fathers that the large friends admire	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large woman stimulates the big fathers that the tiny mothers inspire	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman stimulates the large guys that the happy teachers observe	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large woman stimulates the tiny men that the ecstatic poets approve	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy woman stimulates the little mothers that the old friends confuse	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big woman understands the large farmers that the young poets engage	singular	plural	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge woman understands the young teachers that the ecstatic aunts admire	singular	plural	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes admire the happy man that the small farmer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes admire the old poet that the miserable doctor engages	plural	singular	singular	admires	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes admire the tiny poet that the large kid greets	plural	singular	singular	admires	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes admire the old teacher that the miserable uncle knows	plural	singular	singular	admires	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes approve the ecstatic carpenter that the old poet inspires	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athletes approve the happy victim that the tiny friend confuses	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athletes approve the tiny victim that the ecstatic woman stimulates	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athletes confuse the little girl that the ecstatic uncle admires	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes confuse the old man that the big father admires	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes confuse the tiny poet that the miserable farmer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athletes criticize the little father that the tiny friend remembers	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes criticize the ecstatic guy that the little father discourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes criticize the miserable kid that the sad uncle admires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athletes discourage the happy kid that the little victim greets	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athletes discourage the little uncle that the ecstatic farmer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athletes encourage the old aunt that the large friend confuses	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes encourage the little girl that the joyful mother inspires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes encourage the miserable kid that the little girl approves	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athletes encourage the little mother that the happy friend discourages	plural	singular	singular	encourages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes encourage the joyful uncle that the big boy understands	plural	singular	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes engage the small doctor that the happy poet confuses	plural	singular	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes engage the young friend that the small victim confuses	plural	singular	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athletes engage the large poet that the sad doctor admires	plural	singular	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes greet the young girl that the old doctor approves	plural	singular	singular	greets	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes greet the sad guy that the tiny singer approves	plural	singular	singular	greets	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athletes greet the miserable poet that the happy teacher understands	plural	singular	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athletes greet the tiny victim that the sad man remembers	plural	singular	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athletes inspire the little farmer that the happy mother encourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes inspire the happy poet that the sad aunt avoids	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athletes know the large aunt that the huge boy stimulates	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes know the little girl that the young lawyer admires	plural	singular	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes know the joyful lawyer that the old mother observes	plural	singular	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes observe the old friend that the little teacher inspires	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athletes observe the big man that the small carpenter inspires	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes observe the joyful man that the happy doctor stimulates	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes observe the old singer that the joyful guy confuses	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athletes remember the ecstatic girl that the old lawyer approves	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes remember the ecstatic man that the tiny aunt stimulates	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athletes stimulate the old boy that the large man observes	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athletes stimulate the miserable farmer that the large father remembers	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athletes stimulate the ecstatic kid that the old singer greets	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athletes understand the old lawyer that the ecstatic poet confuses	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athletes understand the big man that the ecstatic victim stimulates	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes understand the young man that the sad woman confuses	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunts admire the small athlete that the ecstatic guy avoids	plural	singular	singular	admires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts admire the big doctor that the happy carpenter remembers	plural	singular	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts admire the ecstatic mother that the young athlete discourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts admire the little poet that the big man discourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts admire the little poet that the old woman inspires	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts approve the sad girl that the happy kid encourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts approve the old girl that the small lawyer confuses	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts approve the sad poet that the miserable father knows	plural	singular	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts avoid the sad farmer that the large athlete criticizes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts avoid the miserable girl that the large farmer engages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts avoid the happy lawyer that the big father remembers	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunts confuse the big farmer that the miserable uncle remembers	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunts confuse the ecstatic man that the happy woman encourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts criticize the small athlete that the old friend understands	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunts criticize the old friend that the little athlete greets	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts discourage the young boy that the miserable mother stimulates	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts discourage the large father that the huge woman criticizes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunts discourage the happy girl that the sad teacher engages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts encourage the miserable man that the sad girl remembers	plural	singular	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts encourage the large woman that the ecstatic girl engages	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts engage the sad athlete that the large kid inspires	plural	singular	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts engage the small lawyer that the happy father confuses	plural	singular	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts engage the large mother that the young carpenter inspires	plural	singular	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts engage the huge mother that the tiny doctor confuses	plural	singular	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts greet the large mother that the old kid knows	plural	singular	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts greet the happy poet that the ecstatic carpenter remembers	plural	singular	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunts inspire the big farmer that the large boy avoids	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts inspire the tiny friend that the young victim avoids	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunts inspire the small girl that the old boy confuses	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts inspire the tiny lawyer that the happy woman approves	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts inspire the huge poet that the sad lawyer remembers	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunts inspire the old teacher that the large girl confuses	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunts inspire the happy victim that the ecstatic carpenter remembers	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts know the small boy that the sad father observes	plural	singular	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts know the little boy that the tiny girl discourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts observe the little carpenter that the ecstatic man confuses	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts observe the little father that the big boy discourages	plural	singular	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts observe the huge man that the big father greets	plural	singular	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts observe the joyful singer that the large friend encourages	plural	singular	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts remember the big farmer that the young father discourages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunts remember the sad guy that the little friend observes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunts understand the happy carpenter that the tiny farmer observes	plural	singular	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts understand the large woman that the joyful carpenter confuses	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys admire the big lawyer that the young teacher approves	plural	singular	singular	admires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys admire the small victim that the big woman discourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boys approve the joyful carpenter that the small uncle greets	plural	singular	singular	approves	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys approve the sad doctor that the tiny mother knows	plural	singular	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys approve the joyful farmer that the huge lawyer encourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys approve the tiny kid that the ecstatic uncle admires	plural	singular	singular	approves	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys avoid the joyful friend that the old girl observes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boys avoid the old girl that the little carpenter greets	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boys avoid the large girl that the ecstatic woman greets	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys confuse the large father that the small carpenter encourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys confuse the young girl that the tiny farmer engages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys confuse the young man that the small father inspires	plural	singular	singular	confuses	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys confuse the tiny poet that the young kid greets	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boys confuse the sad teacher that the miserable victim understands	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys criticize the small farmer that the large guy engages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boys criticize the little uncle that the ecstatic poet avoids	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys discourage the ecstatic lawyer that the large victim criticizes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys encourage the ecstatic uncle that the sad lawyer avoids	plural	singular	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys engage the sad guy that the old athlete greets	plural	singular	singular	engages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys engage the happy mother that the little uncle knows	plural	singular	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys engage the tiny victim that the old friend understands	plural	singular	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys greet the little aunt that the tiny victim confuses	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boys greet the small doctor that the large singer confuses	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys greet the sad kid that the old father admires	plural	singular	singular	greets	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boys greet the old lawyer that the large doctor criticizes	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys inspire the happy victim that the little teacher approves	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys know the miserable farmer that the happy lawyer greets	plural	singular	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys know the little father that the old friend observes	plural	singular	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boys know the old lawyer that the huge teacher criticizes	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys know the little man that the sad singer confuses	plural	singular	singular	knows	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys know the sad poet that the tiny friend approves	plural	singular	singular	knows	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys know the old poet that the huge woman encourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boys know the little victim that the miserable aunt understands	plural	singular	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys observe the young farmer that the tiny uncle avoids	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys remember the young aunt that the tiny athlete discourages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys remember the joyful carpenter that the ecstatic singer understands	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys remember the miserable man that the tiny mother engages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boys stimulate the joyful friend that the sad father discourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boys stimulate the miserable girl that the little guy discourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys stimulate the big teacher that the ecstatic father observes	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys understand the huge singer that the small farmer avoids	plural	singular	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters approve the sad friend that the old victim criticizes	plural	singular	singular	approves	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters approve the happy poet that the old mother criticizes	plural	singular	singular	approves	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters approve the big poet that the small victim discourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters approve the huge uncle that the young teacher confuses	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters approve the huge victim that the miserable poet confuses	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters avoid the joyful father that the large man stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters avoid the happy man that the old doctor stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters avoid the big man that the large kid confuses	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters confuse the ecstatic mother that the young girl approves	plural	singular	singular	confuses	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters confuse the big victim that the little doctor engages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters criticize the joyful farmer that the tiny father admires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters criticize the joyful farmer that the tiny teacher observes	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters criticize the little father that the miserable aunt avoids	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters criticize the large girl that the big doctor discourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters criticize the large man that the huge friend greets	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters criticize the joyful woman that the little man stimulates	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters discourage the young boy that the tiny poet observes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters discourage the little doctor that the joyful man avoids	plural	singular	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters discourage the tiny father that the happy victim stimulates	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters discourage the little victim that the joyful athlete engages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters encourage the young uncle that the little aunt remembers	plural	singular	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters engage the joyful girl that the little father encourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters engage the joyful girl that the little singer avoids	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters engage the sad poet that the tiny kid criticizes	plural	singular	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters greet the large aunt that the ecstatic friend encourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters greet the young girl that the huge teacher remembers	plural	singular	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters greet the young man that the miserable kid stimulates	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters greet the little man that the happy singer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters inspire the old doctor that the happy woman knows	plural	singular	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters know the happy girl that the old lawyer discourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters know the little girl that the happy singer admires	plural	singular	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters know the huge lawyer that the young friend inspires	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters know the happy mother that the large singer encourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters observe the tiny athlete that the huge teacher confuses	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters observe the young farmer that the big singer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters observe the old father that the ecstatic farmer avoids	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters observe the joyful guy that the old victim stimulates	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters remember the large victim that the tiny farmer confuses	plural	singular	singular	remembers	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters understand the large father that the joyful guy admires	plural	singular	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters understand the large girl that the huge poet observes	plural	singular	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters understand the small guy that the tiny poet observes	plural	singular	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters understand the tiny man that the small poet confuses	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors admire the large aunt that the miserable victim discourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors admire the huge mother that the happy man greets	plural	singular	singular	admires	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors admire the sad uncle that the huge teacher confuses	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctors approve the miserable boy that the sad farmer engages	plural	singular	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors approve the tiny boy that the sad woman stimulates	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors avoid the big friend that the young boy stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors avoid the miserable girl that the young aunt observes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors avoid the joyful girl that the large carpenter knows	plural	singular	singular	avoids	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors avoid the joyful mother that the small woman discourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors avoid the young teacher that the joyful guy admires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors confuse the big girl that the happy boy understands	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctors confuse the old girl that the tiny carpenter encourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors confuse the ecstatic woman that the tiny friend approves	plural	singular	singular	confuses	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors criticize the ecstatic athlete that the joyful victim understands	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors criticize the huge boy that the old girl observes	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors criticize the huge guy that the happy poet inspires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors criticize the little lawyer that the tiny friend discourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors criticize the happy mother that the young man greets	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctors criticize the joyful teacher that the miserable friend approves	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors discourage the tiny guy that the huge farmer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctors discourage the sad kid that the miserable mother inspires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors discourage the big teacher that the small guy encourages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors encourage the young boy that the sad teacher remembers	plural	singular	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors encourage the miserable carpenter that the little girl observes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctors encourage the little singer that the ecstatic boy knows	plural	singular	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors encourage the old teacher that the ecstatic singer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors engage the big athlete that the miserable father knows	plural	singular	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors engage the joyful aunt that the ecstatic victim avoids	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors engage the little guy that the tiny girl understands	plural	singular	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors engage the old guy that the young singer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors greet the young aunt that the small woman observes	plural	singular	singular	greets	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors greet the tiny carpenter that the sad guy understands	plural	singular	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctors greet the ecstatic kid that the big lawyer remembers	plural	singular	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors greet the little mother that the miserable woman criticizes	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors greet the huge uncle that the sad victim inspires	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors greet the old victim that the ecstatic uncle engages	plural	singular	singular	greets	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors inspire the tiny boy that the small friend greets	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctors inspire the little boy that the big man avoids	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors inspire the big kid that the little carpenter remembers	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors inspire the huge lawyer that the tiny girl engages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctors inspire the joyful lawyer that the miserable mother confuses	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors inspire the tiny poet that the big man encourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors know the miserable aunt that the ecstatic carpenter stimulates	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors know the huge farmer that the ecstatic girl understands	plural	singular	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors know the old poet that the joyful girl avoids	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctors know the old singer that the huge teacher understands	plural	singular	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors remember the old kid that the big boy inspires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctors remember the large lawyer that the huge uncle greets	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctors remember the sad woman that the ecstatic lawyer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors stimulate the ecstatic aunt that the huge singer observes	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctors stimulate the large carpenter that the huge victim discourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors stimulate the small uncle that the little guy criticizes	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors stimulate the ecstatic woman that the small aunt observes	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors understand the miserable lawyer that the happy mother admires	plural	singular	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors understand the miserable lawyer that the huge singer observes	plural	singular	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors understand the huge singer that the miserable aunt confuses	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors understand the big uncle that the miserable teacher observes	plural	singular	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers admire the old father that the happy singer understands	plural	singular	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers admire the large girl that the miserable athlete criticizes	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers admire the joyful kid that the small uncle approves	plural	singular	singular	admires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers approve the happy boy that the little carpenter remembers	plural	singular	singular	approves	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers approve the little friend that the sad singer avoids	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers avoid the big kid that the joyful uncle understands	plural	singular	singular	avoids	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers avoid the huge lawyer that the big carpenter inspires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers avoid the big mother that the little guy approves	plural	singular	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers avoid the small mother that the huge man understands	plural	singular	singular	avoids	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers confuse the huge doctor that the joyful man remembers	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers confuse the old father that the small man admires	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers confuse the little lawyer that the ecstatic carpenter discourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmers confuse the young man that the happy doctor discourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers confuse the small poet that the young athlete encourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers criticize the joyful athlete that the old boy knows	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmers discourage the young carpenter that the miserable lawyer knows	plural	singular	singular	discourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers discourage the large teacher that the happy girl knows	plural	singular	singular	discourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers discourage the sad teacher that the old poet understands	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers discourage the happy victim that the small mother understands	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers encourage the young kid that the sad mother observes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers encourage the old mother that the huge victim greets	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers encourage the large poet that the little boy engages	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers encourage the happy uncle that the big mother understands	plural	singular	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers engage the young boy that the tiny friend stimulates	plural	singular	singular	engages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers engage the happy friend that the sad teacher approves	plural	singular	singular	engages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmers engage the happy victim that the big lawyer approves	plural	singular	singular	engages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers engage the large victim that the young man knows	plural	singular	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers greet the old aunt that the joyful kid inspires	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers greet the small carpenter that the big uncle approves	plural	singular	singular	greets	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmers greet the tiny friend that the little guy admires	plural	singular	singular	greets	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmers greet the small victim that the happy poet encourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers inspire the old aunt that the big poet avoids	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers inspire the happy man that the tiny mother understands	plural	singular	singular	inspires	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmers inspire the old mother that the large poet admires	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers know the old kid that the young uncle confuses	plural	singular	singular	knows	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers observe the sad doctor that the joyful man avoids	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers observe the young friend that the large aunt avoids	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers observe the little kid that the small victim understands	plural	singular	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmers observe the young lawyer that the joyful athlete remembers	plural	singular	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers observe the huge lawyer that the young father understands	plural	singular	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers observe the big victim that the joyful girl criticizes	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers remember the old athlete that the little guy observes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers remember the young uncle that the ecstatic athlete stimulates	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers remember the little woman that the sad singer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers remember the large woman that the huge uncle understands	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers stimulate the tiny kid that the happy girl engages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmers stimulate the huge mother that the little uncle criticizes	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmers understand the miserable athlete that the big girl approves	plural	singular	singular	understands	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers understand the huge athlete that the old man encourages	plural	singular	singular	understands	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers understand the huge aunt that the ecstatic man admires	plural	singular	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers understand the ecstatic father that the large teacher inspires	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers understand the big friend that the old athlete greets	plural	singular	singular	understands	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmers understand the tiny girl that the little uncle admires	plural	singular	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmers understand the miserable woman that the huge father inspires	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small fathers admire the old carpenter that the joyful boy encourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers admire the old farmer that the huge teacher engages	plural	singular	singular	admires	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers admire the small girl that the tiny poet stimulates	plural	singular	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers admire the tiny lawyer that the young girl criticizes	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young fathers admire the happy man that the small singer greets	plural	singular	singular	admires	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers admire the ecstatic mother that the miserable man understands	plural	singular	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers admire the happy woman that the big guy encourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers approve the happy girl that the little boy criticizes	plural	singular	singular	approves	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers approve the young singer that the joyful guy inspires	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers approve the little uncle that the young man observes	plural	singular	singular	approves	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers avoid the huge friend that the tiny doctor engages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers avoid the ecstatic girl that the miserable athlete engages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young fathers avoid the little girl that the joyful doctor admires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers avoid the ecstatic teacher that the little kid greets	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers avoid the ecstatic woman that the large friend stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small fathers confuse the old boy that the sad uncle admires	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers confuse the miserable carpenter that the happy boy understands	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers confuse the huge poet that the ecstatic uncle engages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers confuse the young singer that the ecstatic mother observes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large fathers confuse the big teacher that the little boy greets	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little fathers criticize the ecstatic man that the tiny friend observes	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young fathers criticize the miserable woman that the sad kid approves	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small fathers discourage the young mother that the joyful boy approves	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little fathers discourage the miserable poet that the small woman criticizes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers discourage the tiny teacher that the small carpenter understands	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers discourage the joyful victim that the young mother admires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers encourage the sad carpenter that the ecstatic athlete observes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young fathers encourage the joyful doctor that the huge lawyer admires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers encourage the happy girl that the sad mother greets	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little fathers encourage the small mother that the large boy discourages	plural	singular	singular	encourages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers engage the small aunt that the huge athlete greets	plural	singular	singular	engages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers engage the sad doctor that the little singer discourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers engage the miserable friend that the sad mother criticizes	plural	singular	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small fathers engage the big friend that the miserable victim inspires	plural	singular	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large fathers greet the little boy that the big kid inspires	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little fathers greet the huge carpenter that the small girl engages	plural	singular	singular	greets	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers greet the old carpenter that the small girl understands	plural	singular	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers greet the large girl that the little mother observes	plural	singular	singular	greets	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers greet the huge lawyer that the big athlete stimulates	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers greet the large lawyer that the small victim confuses	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small fathers greet the tiny teacher that the miserable carpenter inspires	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers inspire the miserable boy that the tiny kid discourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers inspire the huge farmer that the large carpenter discourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers inspire the large kid that the small girl criticizes	plural	singular	singular	inspires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers inspire the old man that the small doctor greets	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large fathers inspire the sad victim that the big guy stimulates	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers know the large mother that the tiny teacher stimulates	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers observe the joyful farmer that the happy girl knows	plural	singular	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young fathers observe the small guy that the large girl engages	plural	singular	singular	observes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big fathers observe the small mother that the happy aunt greets	plural	singular	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers observe the old uncle that the big girl inspires	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers remember the large victim that the joyful boy engages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers stimulate the happy athlete that the young boy inspires	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers stimulate the tiny man that the sad aunt inspires	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers stimulate the young man that the huge doctor encourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers stimulate the small victim that the young teacher knows	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big fathers understand the young doctor that the huge mother admires	plural	singular	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friends admire the small athlete that the miserable victim stimulates	plural	singular	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friends admire the big lawyer that the sad athlete criticizes	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friends admire the young victim that the big kid confuses	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friends approve the tiny carpenter that the ecstatic man discourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends approve the large kid that the small teacher confuses	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends approve the ecstatic woman that the young doctor avoids	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends avoid the old carpenter that the sad girl criticizes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friends avoid the happy carpenter that the huge singer encourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends avoid the young doctor that the miserable singer encourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends avoid the little farmer that the happy father observes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friends confuse the tiny mother that the little man greets	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friends criticize the miserable lawyer that the little woman stimulates	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friends criticize the small singer that the joyful doctor observes	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friends criticize the joyful victim that the huge farmer remembers	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friends criticize the little victim that the small farmer understands	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends discourage the sad aunt that the little farmer engages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends discourage the large poet that the tiny carpenter understands	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friends encourage the sad farmer that the happy kid confuses	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friends encourage the joyful uncle that the miserable kid avoids	plural	singular	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends encourage the huge woman that the ecstatic uncle observes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends engage the tiny father that the big woman understands	plural	singular	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friends inspire the little athlete that the tiny father stimulates	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friends inspire the big aunt that the happy carpenter discourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friends inspire the miserable aunt that the large mother greets	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends inspire the joyful carpenter that the large boy discourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends inspire the small mother that the huge girl admires	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friends inspire the miserable woman that the young carpenter engages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friends know the sad athlete that the happy girl inspires	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends know the old boy that the huge mother remembers	plural	singular	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends know the little carpenter that the miserable victim engages	plural	singular	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friends know the old farmer that the young aunt admires	plural	singular	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends know the sad victim that the ecstatic teacher encourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friends observe the young boy that the miserable kid stimulates	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friends observe the small carpenter that the joyful athlete approves	plural	singular	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends remember the small boy that the miserable uncle admires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friends remember the huge carpenter that the sad poet knows	plural	singular	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends remember the big doctor that the huge aunt criticizes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends remember the huge father that the big farmer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friends stimulate the joyful aunt that the large woman greets	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends stimulate the big doctor that the old uncle confuses	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friends understand the huge boy that the sad girl discourages	plural	singular	singular	understands	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends understand the miserable lawyer that the ecstatic boy admires	plural	singular	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls admire the old poet that the tiny guy understands	plural	singular	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls admire the small poet that the huge kid criticizes	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls approve the old aunt that the miserable singer confuses	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girls approve the large boy that the miserable guy admires	plural	singular	singular	approves	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls approve the little mother that the joyful man understands	plural	singular	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls approve the little teacher that the sad woman avoids	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls avoid the ecstatic carpenter that the tiny aunt understands	plural	singular	singular	avoids	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls avoid the ecstatic farmer that the happy doctor stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls avoid the big father that the miserable man encourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls avoid the large friend that the small mother understands	plural	singular	singular	avoids	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls avoid the sad guy that the old friend engages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls avoid the happy poet that the sad mother approves	plural	singular	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girls criticize the young athlete that the big kid understands	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls criticize the happy athlete that the tiny victim inspires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls criticize the big farmer that the miserable boy confuses	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girls criticize the big father that the large friend engages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girls criticize the ecstatic kid that the joyful boy stimulates	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girls criticize the young kid that the little singer observes	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls criticize the small singer that the large athlete avoids	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girls criticize the huge victim that the miserable uncle confuses	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls discourage the young athlete that the sad father knows	plural	singular	singular	discourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girls discourage the miserable athlete that the big kid understands	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls discourage the joyful athlete that the little woman stimulates	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girls discourage the small farmer that the tiny poet inspires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls discourage the young man that the huge guy engages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girls discourage the large woman that the tiny father encourages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girls encourage the little lawyer that the big victim knows	plural	singular	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girls encourage the happy uncle that the big carpenter greets	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls engage the big athlete that the sad aunt encourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girls engage the little athlete that the ecstatic woman admires	plural	singular	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girls engage the ecstatic farmer that the miserable friend greets	plural	singular	singular	engages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls engage the big poet that the ecstatic athlete greets	plural	singular	singular	engages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls greet the joyful lawyer that the little kid remembers	plural	singular	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls greet the small poet that the sad man discourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girls greet the little singer that the huge carpenter understands	plural	singular	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls greet the happy woman that the sad victim confuses	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls inspire the large boy that the big guy observes	plural	singular	singular	inspires	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls inspire the old man that the tiny poet criticizes	plural	singular	singular	inspires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girls inspire the sad singer that the tiny man knows	plural	singular	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girls know the joyful father that the sad farmer avoids	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls know the little uncle that the sad friend discourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls know the joyful woman that the happy doctor avoids	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girls observe the big athlete that the joyful kid criticizes	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls observe the little aunt that the happy poet approves	plural	singular	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls observe the ecstatic carpenter that the joyful mother approves	plural	singular	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls observe the joyful guy that the big farmer confuses	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girls observe the miserable man that the big aunt stimulates	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls observe the happy mother that the joyful man confuses	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girls observe the miserable uncle that the old guy encourages	plural	singular	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girls observe the huge woman that the small uncle engages	plural	singular	singular	observes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls remember the big athlete that the huge guy understands	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girls remember the sad carpenter that the ecstatic singer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girls remember the miserable kid that the little father stimulates	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls remember the young singer that the miserable aunt discourages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls stimulate the large aunt that the old boy discourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls stimulate the young singer that the little man observes	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girls stimulate the old uncle that the big boy discourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls understand the ecstatic mother that the big carpenter approves	plural	singular	singular	understands	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girls understand the young woman that the little carpenter avoids	plural	singular	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys admire the ecstatic boy that the small girl knows	plural	singular	singular	admires	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guys admire the sad lawyer that the huge athlete understands	plural	singular	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guys admire the happy lawyer that the miserable farmer engages	plural	singular	singular	admires	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys admire the ecstatic man that the sad teacher inspires	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys admire the young teacher that the large kid avoids	plural	singular	singular	admires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys approve the little doctor that the sad father discourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guys approve the small friend that the ecstatic aunt inspires	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys approve the small man that the large teacher stimulates	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys approve the old uncle that the tiny father understands	plural	singular	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys avoid the large man that the big woman approves	plural	singular	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys avoid the sad mother that the huge boy encourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys avoid the little teacher that the old uncle remembers	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guys confuse the young friend that the small woman criticizes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys confuse the huge woman that the joyful carpenter encourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys criticize the sad father that the big poet avoids	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guys criticize the miserable victim that the old poet confuses	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guys discourage the small farmer that the miserable girl remembers	plural	singular	singular	discourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guys discourage the sad girl that the big doctor approves	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys encourage the young aunt that the old woman admires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guys encourage the ecstatic girl that the joyful carpenter inspires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys engage the sad farmer that the big doctor observes	plural	singular	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys engage the tiny friend that the little doctor criticizes	plural	singular	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guys engage the ecstatic friend that the miserable poet admires	plural	singular	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys engage the small girl that the joyful carpenter criticizes	plural	singular	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guys engage the miserable teacher that the sad mother encourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys greet the big athlete that the large lawyer encourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guys greet the large father that the huge boy remembers	plural	singular	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys greet the big victim that the young girl knows	plural	singular	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys inspire the joyful boy that the old carpenter remembers	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys inspire the miserable farmer that the huge friend discourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guys inspire the little father that the small woman engages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys inspire the young teacher that the ecstatic woman admires	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guys inspire the joyful woman that the old mother admires	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys know the young aunt that the happy poet inspires	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guys know the little boy that the large friend encourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys know the young man that the joyful farmer avoids	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys know the large mother that the huge boy approves	plural	singular	singular	knows	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys know the sad victim that the miserable athlete greets	plural	singular	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys know the small woman that the ecstatic man approves	plural	singular	singular	knows	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys observe the old farmer that the young kid remembers	plural	singular	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guys observe the sad father that the joyful poet avoids	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys observe the joyful friend that the small carpenter remembers	plural	singular	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys remember the miserable farmer that the ecstatic girl approves	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys remember the sad father that the small boy observes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys remember the young victim that the huge doctor discourages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys stimulate the miserable farmer that the small boy greets	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guys stimulate the old lawyer that the little girl criticizes	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guys stimulate the little lawyer that the sad uncle criticizes	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys stimulate the miserable teacher that the huge uncle greets	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys understand the miserable singer that the large carpenter knows	plural	singular	singular	understands	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys understand the large woman that the young kid stimulates	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kids admire the large lawyer that the happy poet remembers	plural	singular	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids admire the big woman that the large guy knows	plural	singular	singular	admires	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kids approve the miserable teacher that the happy victim remembers	plural	singular	singular	approves	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids avoid the large athlete that the sad lawyer admires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids avoid the old aunt that the small woman observes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kids avoid the tiny father that the ecstatic doctor approves	plural	singular	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids avoid the old guy that the large man approves	plural	singular	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids avoid the young guy that the ecstatic teacher confuses	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids confuse the huge mother that the little father discourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids criticize the old boy that the tiny victim encourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids criticize the happy father that the little poet approves	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kids criticize the big father that the joyful uncle observes	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids criticize the joyful mother that the sad aunt discourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kids discourage the tiny carpenter that the young poet remembers	plural	singular	singular	discourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kids discourage the miserable farmer that the young man confuses	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kids discourage the old farmer that the tiny uncle understands	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids discourage the happy woman that the ecstatic guy admires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids encourage the young mother that the old guy criticizes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids engage the huge boy that the big victim discourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kids engage the sad father that the young singer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids engage the little friend that the huge boy stimulates	plural	singular	singular	engages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kids engage the happy friend that the joyful guy approves	plural	singular	singular	engages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids engage the little man that the miserable lawyer confuses	plural	singular	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids engage the old singer that the huge teacher greets	plural	singular	singular	engages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kids engage the huge teacher that the joyful poet remembers	plural	singular	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids greet the miserable doctor that the sad guy approves	plural	singular	singular	greets	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids greet the huge poet that the large uncle avoids	plural	singular	singular	greets	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kids inspire the huge boy that the miserable lawyer approves	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kids inspire the large guy that the happy teacher discourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kids know the old boy that the large lawyer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids observe the big boy that the tiny poet remembers	plural	singular	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kids observe the tiny doctor that the joyful lawyer understands	plural	singular	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kids observe the old father that the miserable lawyer approves	plural	singular	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kids observe the ecstatic guy that the big aunt confuses	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kids observe the joyful guy that the ecstatic father remembers	plural	singular	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kids remember the small father that the miserable victim confuses	plural	singular	singular	remembers	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids remember the miserable singer that the tiny boy observes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids remember the miserable victim that the big teacher knows	plural	singular	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids stimulate the little doctor that the huge teacher engages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kids stimulate the small farmer that the sad singer engages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kids stimulate the tiny guy that the happy boy admires	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kids stimulate the happy guy that the tiny victim encourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers admire the small carpenter that the happy kid encourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers admire the huge doctor that the sad aunt remembers	plural	singular	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers admire the miserable girl that the big kid confuses	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers admire the large singer that the small father stimulates	plural	singular	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers approve the tiny farmer that the huge uncle encourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers approve the young man that the old poet inspires	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers avoid the ecstatic boy that the tiny aunt observes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers avoid the large carpenter that the big victim greets	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers avoid the huge friend that the miserable doctor knows	plural	singular	singular	avoids	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers avoid the sad man that the joyful poet stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers avoid the ecstatic mother that the small uncle remembers	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers confuse the large doctor that the happy man understands	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers confuse the tiny kid that the miserable father avoids	plural	singular	singular	confuses	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers confuse the little uncle that the happy father admires	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers confuse the miserable uncle that the tiny mother greets	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers criticize the old athlete that the joyful carpenter inspires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers criticize the ecstatic teacher that the tiny athlete remembers	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers discourage the little friend that the small woman confuses	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers discourage the tiny mother that the large carpenter criticizes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers discourage the small mother that the large kid greets	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers encourage the young father that the little uncle criticizes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers encourage the happy friend that the big aunt criticizes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers encourage the little girl that the huge athlete approves	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers encourage the miserable man that the huge girl greets	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers encourage the huge poet that the ecstatic carpenter avoids	plural	singular	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers encourage the tiny teacher that the small athlete understands	plural	singular	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers engage the tiny mother that the miserable poet inspires	plural	singular	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers engage the old uncle that the little man understands	plural	singular	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers greet the ecstatic farmer that the little friend discourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers greet the joyful girl that the miserable farmer understands	plural	singular	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers greet the tiny girl that the sad father stimulates	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers greet the sad girl that the joyful uncle confuses	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers know the happy carpenter that the tiny doctor engages	plural	singular	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers know the big doctor that the young friend stimulates	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers know the ecstatic girl that the tiny kid remembers	plural	singular	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers know the sad man that the little uncle understands	plural	singular	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers know the big mother that the tiny woman discourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers know the small singer that the sad carpenter observes	plural	singular	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers know the sad singer that the miserable uncle remembers	plural	singular	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers know the joyful uncle that the tiny father understands	plural	singular	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers observe the sad carpenter that the large farmer greets	plural	singular	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers observe the ecstatic kid that the huge woman admires	plural	singular	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers observe the sad poet that the miserable athlete knows	plural	singular	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers stimulate the big aunt that the joyful kid confuses	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers stimulate the old woman that the little teacher discourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers understand the tiny carpenter that the little kid avoids	plural	singular	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers understand the small doctor that the tiny carpenter inspires	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers understand the large guy that the big boy knows	plural	singular	singular	understands	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men approve the miserable athlete that the little singer understands	plural	singular	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big men approve the happy father that the ecstatic mother discourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old men approve the big poet that the large mother encourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old men approve the miserable singer that the happy poet encourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men approve the big teacher that the miserable uncle knows	plural	singular	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men avoid the little teacher that the small doctor admires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men avoid the little teacher that the miserable guy admires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men avoid the tiny victim that the old poet remembers	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big men confuse the happy carpenter that the old boy encourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge men confuse the young lawyer that the sad poet stimulates	plural	singular	singular	confuses	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young men confuse the happy teacher that the ecstatic friend greets	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old men criticize the small aunt that the huge girl confuses	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men criticize the joyful boy that the miserable carpenter discourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men criticize the old father that the joyful lawyer greets	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small men criticize the sad father that the ecstatic victim greets	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small men criticize the young friend that the happy woman encourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men criticize the little victim that the old uncle remembers	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big men criticize the huge woman that the large poet stimulates	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men discourage the miserable boy that the ecstatic guy understands	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny men discourage the joyful doctor that the huge aunt approves	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge men encourage the small friend that the miserable poet confuses	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable men encourage the huge woman that the young lawyer engages	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men engage the tiny carpenter that the miserable athlete understands	plural	singular	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small men engage the old guy that the ecstatic mother understands	plural	singular	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men engage the joyful guy that the happy uncle understands	plural	singular	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge men engage the large lawyer that the small athlete observes	plural	singular	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young men engage the miserable lawyer that the happy victim remembers	plural	singular	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men engage the old mother that the ecstatic lawyer approves	plural	singular	singular	engages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young men greet the little athlete that the big kid avoids	plural	singular	singular	greets	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men greet the joyful lawyer that the miserable teacher remembers	plural	singular	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small men greet the old mother that the young lawyer understands	plural	singular	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men greet the big uncle that the happy mother discourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men greet the big victim that the huge carpenter engages	plural	singular	singular	greets	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge men greet the miserable woman that the big athlete admires	plural	singular	singular	greets	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men inspire the big carpenter that the little guy encourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big men inspire the old farmer that the happy uncle encourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old men inspire the large kid that the small doctor engages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men inspire the big uncle that the joyful farmer greets	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful men know the happy kid that the sad doctor encourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men know the huge kid that the small mother observes	plural	singular	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old men know the young teacher that the ecstatic farmer encourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small men know the huge victim that the tiny singer avoids	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men observe the huge guy that the happy farmer remembers	plural	singular	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men observe the old kid that the happy singer encourages	plural	singular	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men observe the big lawyer that the young victim engages	plural	singular	singular	observes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge men observe the joyful mother that the ecstatic friend remembers	plural	singular	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy men observe the ecstatic teacher that the small mother understands	plural	singular	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men remember the small boy that the young kid observes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young men remember the happy doctor that the big farmer engages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men remember the ecstatic farmer that the old friend encourages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny men stimulate the old aunt that the big boy approves	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy men stimulate the small carpenter that the ecstatic athlete confuses	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable men stimulate the ecstatic father that the tiny farmer remembers	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young men stimulate the huge woman that the old guy encourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young men understand the small father that the miserable girl confuses	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny men understand the little guy that the joyful woman confuses	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men understand the huge kid that the young doctor criticizes	plural	singular	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old men understand the miserable teacher that the huge girl inspires	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers admire the old lawyer that the happy kid knows	plural	singular	singular	admires	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers approve the miserable athlete that the joyful guy engages	plural	singular	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers approve the tiny poet that the old boy inspires	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers avoid the happy boy that the big father criticizes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers avoid the small farmer that the little friend stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers avoid the sad friend that the joyful carpenter remembers	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers avoid the miserable kid that the young friend stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers avoid the miserable man that the large carpenter inspires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mothers avoid the small singer that the miserable guy remembers	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers avoid the large woman that the young carpenter confuses	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers confuse the large kid that the joyful doctor inspires	plural	singular	singular	confuses	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers confuse the big victim that the sad boy encourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mothers confuse the large victim that the miserable friend admires	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers criticize the little poet that the happy athlete remembers	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers criticize the large singer that the tiny poet engages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers criticize the young teacher that the big uncle remembers	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers discourage the sad athlete that the tiny doctor confuses	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers discourage the large farmer that the joyful doctor remembers	plural	singular	singular	discourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mothers encourage the little doctor that the big teacher observes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mothers encourage the miserable man that the huge girl understands	plural	singular	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers encourage the joyful teacher that the sad guy understands	plural	singular	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers encourage the tiny victim that the small singer greets	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mothers engage the young boy that the tiny carpenter avoids	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mothers engage the big guy that the small carpenter inspires	plural	singular	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers greet the tiny boy that the happy athlete observes	plural	singular	singular	greets	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers greet the old boy that the huge man stimulates	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers greet the big girl that the young farmer avoids	plural	singular	singular	greets	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mothers greet the little guy that the tiny father criticizes	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers greet the huge lawyer that the miserable athlete engages	plural	singular	singular	greets	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mothers greet the old singer that the tiny athlete knows	plural	singular	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers greet the joyful singer that the tiny kid criticizes	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mothers greet the large victim that the joyful athlete confuses	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers greet the little woman that the miserable athlete avoids	plural	singular	singular	greets	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers inspire the ecstatic athlete that the large teacher approves	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers inspire the small doctor that the sad guy remembers	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers inspire the ecstatic kid that the happy woman avoids	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers inspire the small man that the ecstatic father discourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers inspire the huge singer that the sad girl remembers	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers know the small carpenter that the happy guy approves	plural	singular	singular	knows	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers know the little father that the miserable farmer inspires	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers know the small man that the old victim confuses	plural	singular	singular	knows	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mothers know the huge poet that the ecstatic man confuses	plural	singular	singular	knows	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers observe the large girl that the miserable athlete understands	plural	singular	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers observe the ecstatic teacher that the big farmer inspires	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers observe the big woman that the young father criticizes	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers remember the young friend that the happy kid inspires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers remember the small teacher that the old athlete admires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers stimulate the little athlete that the sad uncle greets	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers stimulate the ecstatic doctor that the tiny athlete avoids	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers stimulate the huge lawyer that the joyful doctor inspires	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mothers stimulate the ecstatic woman that the miserable uncle admires	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers understand the small girl that the big singer admires	plural	singular	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mothers understand the miserable woman that the huge athlete confuses	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets admire the miserable woman that the small farmer engages	plural	singular	singular	admires	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets approve the small athlete that the ecstatic singer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets approve the huge lawyer that the young girl understands	plural	singular	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poets approve the big singer that the small uncle engages	plural	singular	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poets approve the huge uncle that the large man understands	plural	singular	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets avoid the happy athlete that the small kid remembers	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets avoid the miserable boy that the tiny uncle confuses	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poets avoid the young doctor that the joyful athlete observes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poets avoid the big friend that the young woman inspires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poets avoid the miserable mother that the small kid discourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poets confuse the old father that the ecstatic aunt observes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets confuse the joyful mother that the old uncle engages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets confuse the little woman that the large man criticizes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poets criticize the large man that the miserable lawyer observes	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets criticize the tiny uncle that the small girl observes	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets discourage the old guy that the huge mother knows	plural	singular	singular	discourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets discourage the young man that the ecstatic girl avoids	plural	singular	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poets encourage the miserable carpenter that the old kid greets	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets encourage the young friend that the little guy understands	plural	singular	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poets encourage the joyful kid that the tiny boy approves	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets engage the huge aunt that the happy farmer approves	plural	singular	singular	engages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poets engage the happy boy that the young woman understands	plural	singular	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poets engage the huge father that the young singer knows	plural	singular	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poets engage the young victim that the joyful athlete remembers	plural	singular	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets greet the little carpenter that the large girl admires	plural	singular	singular	greets	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets greet the young doctor that the joyful mother criticizes	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poets greet the joyful lawyer that the sad woman admires	plural	singular	singular	greets	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets inspire the large girl that the huge mother avoids	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poets inspire the joyful woman that the little teacher confuses	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poets know the happy athlete that the miserable lawyer understands	plural	singular	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets know the tiny aunt that the sad carpenter stimulates	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets know the miserable doctor that the huge athlete encourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poets know the little mother that the young lawyer discourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poets observe the ecstatic farmer that the small man understands	plural	singular	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets observe the old father that the miserable girl admires	plural	singular	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets observe the sad friend that the miserable aunt inspires	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets observe the large kid that the ecstatic singer avoids	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets remember the old victim that the big girl engages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets stimulate the small aunt that the young kid inspires	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poets stimulate the huge friend that the sad victim encourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poets stimulate the old mother that the tiny guy observes	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets stimulate the happy victim that the small singer remembers	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets understand the big woman that the little boy inspires	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singers approve the ecstatic man that the big doctor understands	plural	singular	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers approve the joyful teacher that the happy aunt stimulates	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singers avoid the joyful aunt that the large doctor admires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers avoid the old boy that the happy carpenter understands	plural	singular	singular	avoids	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers avoid the ecstatic friend that the sad woman remembers	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers avoid the big lawyer that the old mother admires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singers avoid the tiny lawyer that the joyful mother observes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers confuse the young boy that the large mother engages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers confuse the happy friend that the young guy greets	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singers confuse the young man that the old kid admires	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers confuse the small poet that the sad kid remembers	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers confuse the old teacher that the young uncle engages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singers criticize the miserable doctor that the large kid discourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers criticize the tiny man that the joyful woman inspires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singers discourage the old guy that the little victim observes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singers discourage the sad poet that the miserable athlete avoids	plural	singular	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers encourage the young athlete that the small poet admires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers encourage the miserable man that the small woman discourages	plural	singular	singular	encourages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers encourage the ecstatic mother that the old friend knows	plural	singular	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers encourage the huge woman that the large victim inspires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singers engage the sad boy that the joyful uncle knows	plural	singular	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers engage the large kid that the huge father observes	plural	singular	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singers greet the young doctor that the tiny victim understands	plural	singular	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singers greet the tiny kid that the young doctor discourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers greet the miserable lawyer that the huge mother remembers	plural	singular	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers inspire the joyful doctor that the little athlete knows	plural	singular	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers inspire the tiny friend that the miserable mother stimulates	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singers inspire the sad friend that the ecstatic poet admires	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singers inspire the joyful victim that the sad boy avoids	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singers know the little boy that the old girl approves	plural	singular	singular	knows	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers know the little carpenter that the large teacher discourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers know the small father that the huge carpenter engages	plural	singular	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers know the tiny uncle that the sad man engages	plural	singular	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singers observe the big father that the young guy engages	plural	singular	singular	observes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers observe the joyful friend that the huge farmer confuses	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers observe the joyful uncle that the sad doctor criticizes	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singers remember the happy boy that the joyful friend encourages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers remember the little girl that the large boy understands	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers remember the small man that the happy boy engages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers remember the big mother that the sad uncle greets	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers remember the little poet that the old friend understands	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers remember the old victim that the huge girl confuses	plural	singular	singular	remembers	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers stimulate the miserable girl that the tiny woman discourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers stimulate the tiny lawyer that the sad doctor confuses	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers stimulate the ecstatic teacher that the joyful aunt approves	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singers understand the sad athlete that the happy lawyer observes	plural	singular	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singers understand the happy guy that the huge poet criticizes	plural	singular	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singers understand the old man that the miserable victim admires	plural	singular	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers understand the miserable uncle that the joyful teacher remembers	plural	singular	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers admire the sad athlete that the huge doctor encourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers admire the big boy that the happy mother inspires	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teachers admire the small farmer that the old kid remembers	plural	singular	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers admire the old kid that the ecstatic boy inspires	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers admire the sad kid that the big woman criticizes	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers admire the little uncle that the happy singer approves	plural	singular	singular	admires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers admire the tiny victim that the sad carpenter avoids	plural	singular	singular	admires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers approve the huge father that the old boy admires	plural	singular	singular	approves	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers approve the ecstatic uncle that the little friend confuses	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers approve the old woman that the young carpenter engages	plural	singular	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers avoid the tiny athlete that the joyful boy remembers	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teachers avoid the small athlete that the young kid encourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teachers avoid the large father that the little singer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers avoid the huge victim that the young doctor discourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers confuse the big aunt that the sad kid remembers	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teachers confuse the large doctor that the young mother admires	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers confuse the happy girl that the little uncle discourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers confuse the little singer that the miserable aunt inspires	plural	singular	singular	confuses	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers confuse the young victim that the small woman knows	plural	singular	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers criticize the big poet that the happy kid understands	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teachers criticize the old woman that the small boy inspires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers discourage the large father that the little farmer encourages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teachers discourage the little friend that the young poet understands	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teachers discourage the happy man that the sad woman criticizes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers discourage the small poet that the sad lawyer encourages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers encourage the small uncle that the young mother avoids	plural	singular	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers engage the large athlete that the ecstatic carpenter criticizes	plural	singular	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers engage the ecstatic boy that the sad poet discourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teachers engage the miserable carpenter that the little woman understands	plural	singular	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers engage the little guy that the joyful victim avoids	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers greet the sad aunt that the small victim observes	plural	singular	singular	greets	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers greet the little lawyer that the big athlete confuses	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers greet the old lawyer that the huge boy understands	plural	singular	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers greet the big poet that the ecstatic doctor understands	plural	singular	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers inspire the miserable father that the small boy discourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teachers inspire the happy girl that the tiny doctor engages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teachers inspire the joyful mother that the small doctor stimulates	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers inspire the young mother that the joyful kid avoids	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teachers inspire the huge uncle that the large doctor discourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teachers know the sad athlete that the young victim discourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers observe the joyful lawyer that the tiny aunt discourages	plural	singular	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers remember the small aunt that the miserable mother greets	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teachers stimulate the young girl that the happy athlete discourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers stimulate the joyful guy that the old athlete encourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teachers understand the sad aunt that the joyful athlete knows	plural	singular	singular	understands	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teachers understand the tiny man that the large guy inspires	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles admire the old friend that the sad boy stimulates	plural	singular	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncles admire the old lawyer that the joyful farmer confuses	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles approve the miserable lawyer that the large aunt admires	plural	singular	singular	approves	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncles approve the little man that the ecstatic aunt inspires	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncles avoid the young father that the big lawyer greets	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncles confuse the little aunt that the tiny boy understands	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles confuse the happy friend that the big doctor avoids	plural	singular	singular	confuses	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles confuse the happy girl that the little teacher knows	plural	singular	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncles confuse the young kid that the small aunt engages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles confuse the large man that the joyful friend observes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncles confuse the miserable poet that the happy victim observes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles confuse the big poet that the miserable victim stimulates	plural	singular	singular	confuses	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles criticize the little farmer that the old friend discourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncles criticize the old singer that the joyful woman discourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncles criticize the tiny victim that the old farmer discourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncles discourage the old aunt that the large man avoids	plural	singular	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles discourage the small guy that the old poet inspires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles discourage the small lawyer that the old aunt confuses	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncles discourage the big teacher that the young poet stimulates	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles discourage the joyful woman that the ecstatic boy understands	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles encourage the big athlete that the huge singer inspires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncles encourage the happy aunt that the little man confuses	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles encourage the joyful boy that the sad carpenter approves	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles encourage the old friend that the young farmer discourages	plural	singular	singular	encourages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles encourage the young mother that the old carpenter admires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles encourage the big singer that the tiny kid admires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncles engage the small kid that the sad victim encourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncles engage the joyful woman that the miserable girl understands	plural	singular	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles greet the big father that the happy kid admires	plural	singular	singular	greets	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles inspire the ecstatic aunt that the tiny mother approves	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles inspire the joyful carpenter that the large singer approves	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncles inspire the large poet that the tiny woman criticizes	plural	singular	singular	inspires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles inspire the old teacher that the sad carpenter confuses	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles know the old boy that the young mother understands	plural	singular	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles know the little carpenter that the ecstatic kid discourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles know the young father that the huge doctor understands	plural	singular	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles know the tiny friend that the large singer discourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncles know the big guy that the ecstatic aunt inspires	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncles know the large kid that the little boy encourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles know the young mother that the large farmer avoids	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles know the large victim that the sad girl engages	plural	singular	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles observe the sad kid that the small mother encourages	plural	singular	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles observe the young woman that the happy poet engages	plural	singular	singular	observes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles remember the miserable doctor that the small guy criticizes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles remember the old farmer that the little aunt engages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles remember the tiny farmer that the miserable father confuses	plural	singular	singular	remembers	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles remember the big farmer that the large poet observes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncles remember the old friend that the miserable kid knows	plural	singular	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles remember the huge singer that the happy carpenter engages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles remember the huge singer that the young mother engages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles remember the huge woman that the small farmer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncles stimulate the old athlete that the huge victim observes	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncles stimulate the small aunt that the young carpenter approves	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles stimulate the ecstatic boy that the large mother avoids	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles stimulate the happy doctor that the tiny carpenter encourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles stimulate the sad farmer that the small teacher encourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncles stimulate the joyful father that the ecstatic lawyer understands	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles stimulate the old mother that the happy athlete approves	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles understand the sad lawyer that the joyful doctor engages	plural	singular	singular	understands	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles understand the tiny woman that the ecstatic friend observes	plural	singular	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victims admire the large aunt that the old girl criticizes	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims admire the sad carpenter that the little mother stimulates	plural	singular	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims admire the huge doctor that the large singer confuses	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victims admire the tiny farmer that the miserable teacher approves	plural	singular	singular	admires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims admire the young singer that the happy poet discourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victims admire the little woman that the large man observes	plural	singular	singular	admires	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims approve the large athlete that the tiny doctor remembers	plural	singular	singular	approves	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims approve the ecstatic father that the big doctor inspires	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims approve the tiny woman that the sad athlete avoids	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victims avoid the happy uncle that the little girl greets	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims confuse the old uncle that the sad doctor stimulates	plural	singular	singular	confuses	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victims confuse the happy woman that the huge athlete remembers	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victims criticize the miserable carpenter that the huge lawyer inspires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victims criticize the big farmer that the tiny singer confuses	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victims criticize the small lawyer that the joyful carpenter confuses	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims discourage the sad boy that the happy aunt understands	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims discourage the huge man that the miserable carpenter stimulates	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims encourage the little aunt that the happy uncle stimulates	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victims encourage the ecstatic kid that the old woman engages	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims encourage the happy man that the miserable teacher greets	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victims engage the tiny boy that the miserable girl remembers	plural	singular	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims engage the happy singer that the huge carpenter remembers	plural	singular	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims greet the large doctor that the young singer remembers	plural	singular	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victims greet the small farmer that the happy girl admires	plural	singular	singular	greets	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victims greet the large father that the huge lawyer understands	plural	singular	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims greet the huge man that the happy farmer engages	plural	singular	singular	greets	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victims inspire the little farmer that the small carpenter remembers	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims inspire the happy lawyer that the young carpenter approves	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victims know the little aunt that the old girl approves	plural	singular	singular	knows	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victims know the large doctor that the tiny athlete admires	plural	singular	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims know the big lawyer that the young kid admires	plural	singular	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims observe the little carpenter that the ecstatic father inspires	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victims observe the ecstatic guy that the joyful woman stimulates	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victims observe the young man that the old kid remembers	plural	singular	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims observe the small mother that the sad woman understands	plural	singular	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victims observe the sad woman that the tiny carpenter discourages	plural	singular	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims remember the happy athlete that the miserable singer encourages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims remember the old boy that the happy uncle admires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims remember the little farmer that the tiny singer inspires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victims remember the tiny girl that the ecstatic kid approves	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victims stimulate the miserable uncle that the big farmer approves	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims understand the tiny athlete that the happy boy discourages	plural	singular	singular	understands	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victims understand the little farmer that the joyful friend observes	plural	singular	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims understand the small farmer that the little teacher avoids	plural	singular	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victims understand the sad poet that the large doctor avoids	plural	singular	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women admire the happy boy that the big guy avoids	plural	singular	singular	admires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable women admire the joyful kid that the large teacher criticizes	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women admire the young uncle that the miserable kid encourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women approve the happy aunt that the joyful father confuses	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women approve the tiny aunt that the small lawyer understands	plural	singular	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women approve the miserable girl that the large athlete stimulates	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge women approve the happy man that the old father engages	plural	singular	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy women approve the big poet that the joyful girl inspires	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women approve the large teacher that the young victim observes	plural	singular	singular	approves	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women avoid the old athlete that the young poet stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy women avoid the huge aunt that the old boy confuses	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large women avoid the young boy that the huge man criticizes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women avoid the sad doctor that the ecstatic friend encourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women avoid the young father that the big doctor criticizes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women confuse the tiny farmer that the sad father observes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women confuse the big father that the young friend discourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women confuse the ecstatic mother that the sad aunt discourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable women confuse the big victim that the tiny poet discourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women criticize the old farmer that the big carpenter remembers	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women criticize the miserable kid that the young farmer approves	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women discourage the sad boy that the miserable aunt avoids	plural	singular	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women discourage the big boy that the large uncle admires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women discourage the huge father that the big doctor admires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women discourage the large father that the old mother approves	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women discourage the tiny guy that the ecstatic kid stimulates	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women discourage the tiny man that the happy teacher greets	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women discourage the happy victim that the little friend avoids	plural	singular	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young women discourage the happy victim that the ecstatic uncle avoids	plural	singular	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large women encourage the happy carpenter that the ecstatic singer approves	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women encourage the huge doctor that the miserable singer observes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy women encourage the ecstatic father that the large doctor knows	plural	singular	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge women encourage the tiny poet that the big guy knows	plural	singular	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women engage the little carpenter that the sad mother observes	plural	singular	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women engage the happy lawyer that the ecstatic poet inspires	plural	singular	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women engage the tiny man that the sad lawyer inspires	plural	singular	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large women greet the small athlete that the huge friend approves	plural	singular	singular	greets	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women greet the small doctor that the young victim stimulates	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women greet the sad friend that the joyful lawyer admires	plural	singular	singular	greets	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women greet the joyful lawyer that the tiny boy stimulates	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women greet the large poet that the little boy discourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women greet the little singer that the young doctor inspires	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable women inspire the old athlete that the ecstatic girl encourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women inspire the ecstatic athlete that the huge kid engages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women know the large doctor that the ecstatic mother inspires	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable women know the young father that the huge kid remembers	plural	singular	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy women know the old father that the little man greets	plural	singular	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women know the young father that the ecstatic man observes	plural	singular	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women know the small poet that the large athlete criticizes	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women know the large poet that the small lawyer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women observe the happy kid that the sad carpenter avoids	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women observe the big lawyer that the large guy understands	plural	singular	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable women observe the joyful man that the huge athlete criticizes	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women observe the large teacher that the happy carpenter understands	plural	singular	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women remember the joyful father that the big victim knows	plural	singular	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women remember the small girl that the miserable farmer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women remember the happy guy that the large aunt knows	plural	singular	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women remember the small lawyer that the little mother observes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women remember the huge man that the little friend knows	plural	singular	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women remember the happy mother that the little singer confuses	plural	singular	singular	remembers	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women remember the little poet that the miserable athlete inspires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy women stimulate the huge friend that the small father approves	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women stimulate the old kid that the large teacher understands	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women understand the huge friend that the sad kid discourages	plural	singular	singular	understands	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women understand the ecstatic mother that the joyful victim avoids	plural	singular	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women understand the little teacher that the big aunt remembers	plural	singular	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women understand the ecstatic teacher that the sad friend avoids	plural	singular	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes admire the miserable friend that the old teachers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes confuse the small aunt that the large lawyers inspire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athletes confuse the huge friend that the small lawyers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athletes criticize the large aunt that the joyful men approve	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athletes criticize the little teacher that the happy guys discourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athletes criticize the old uncle that the huge girls confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes discourage the joyful kid that the big lawyers know	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athletes discourage the old teacher that the tiny farmers confuse	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athletes discourage the large teacher that the young guys engage	plural	singular	plural	discourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes encourage the joyful boy that the small poets avoid	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athletes encourage the joyful doctor that the ecstatic poets inspire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athletes encourage the large girl that the old singers inspire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes encourage the small singer that the little mothers know	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athletes engage the happy girl that the tiny carpenters know	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athletes engage the huge mother that the miserable friends understand	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athletes engage the old victim that the huge mothers remember	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athletes greet the old father that the happy lawyers engage	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes greet the big lawyer that the little men encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes greet the happy teacher that the huge singers encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athletes greet the big woman that the joyful poets criticize	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes inspire the happy boy that the big aunts confuse	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athletes inspire the ecstatic girl that the joyful men confuse	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes inspire the little singer that the young boys confuse	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes know the large aunt that the ecstatic teachers discourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athletes know the large guy that the small teachers understand	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes know the huge kid that the old uncles confuse	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes observe the large carpenter that the young victims engage	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athletes observe the ecstatic doctor that the big victims admire	plural	singular	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes observe the joyful father that the little singers avoid	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athletes observe the small woman that the little teachers criticize	plural	singular	plural	observes	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes remember the joyful aunt that the huge friends engage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athletes remember the miserable boy that the ecstatic girls greet	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athletes remember the joyful girl that the young teachers greet	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athletes remember the large guy that the ecstatic boys encourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes remember the miserable mother that the sad singers confuse	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes remember the small uncle that the joyful doctors inspire	plural	singular	plural	remembers	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes remember the joyful woman that the little guys encourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes stimulate the happy father that the old guys engage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes stimulate the big girl that the joyful boys discourage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes stimulate the small teacher that the tiny friends discourage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athletes stimulate the ecstatic teacher that the young lawyers admire	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes understand the large father that the joyful teachers criticize	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunts admire the tiny farmer that the little girls inspire	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts admire the small girl that the huge athletes confuse	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunts admire the old girl that the young poets observe	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts admire the tiny kid that the large fathers inspire	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts admire the ecstatic uncle that the joyful friends confuse	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts admire the sad woman that the small fathers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts approve the huge boy that the small carpenters know	plural	singular	plural	approves	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts approve the big father that the ecstatic farmers engage	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts approve the small lawyer that the miserable doctors encourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts avoid the young friend that the tiny teachers admire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts avoid the large singer that the little friends greet	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts confuse the huge doctor that the tiny uncles stimulate	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts confuse the old guy that the large boys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts criticize the miserable poet that the huge kids discourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts criticize the joyful singer that the small carpenters observe	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunts discourage the happy boy that the joyful farmers inspire	plural	singular	plural	discourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts discourage the large father that the ecstatic boys confuse	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts discourage the little uncle that the miserable mothers observe	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts encourage the young athlete that the happy guys avoid	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts encourage the large guy that the happy lawyers inspire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts encourage the little teacher that the big singers criticize	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunts engage the miserable mother that the huge victims stimulate	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts greet the young farmer that the little doctors remember	plural	singular	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts greet the old guy that the small carpenters know	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts greet the miserable kid that the tiny teachers approve	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts greet the little mother that the sad girls encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts greet the tiny woman that the small fathers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts greet the young woman that the small guys engage	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts inspire the big carpenter that the old victims admire	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts inspire the large doctor that the happy guys know	plural	singular	plural	inspires	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts inspire the huge girl that the old victims stimulate	plural	singular	plural	inspires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts inspire the happy lawyer that the small boys confuse	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts inspire the miserable man that the happy uncles remember	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts inspire the huge singer that the young fathers engage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts know the happy athlete that the young victims understand	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunts know the joyful lawyer that the small friends approve	plural	singular	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts know the big man that the young girls discourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts know the young poet that the big farmers inspire	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts observe the large boy that the little poets discourage	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunts observe the miserable father that the joyful carpenters inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunts observe the little friend that the large singers confuse	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts observe the little girl that the big singers discourage	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts observe the sad lawyer that the tiny girls inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts observe the little lawyer that the large mothers admire	plural	singular	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts observe the sad singer that the ecstatic friends stimulate	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts observe the ecstatic teacher that the miserable carpenters understand	plural	singular	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts observe the joyful woman that the ecstatic lawyers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts remember the tiny boy that the sad lawyers understand	plural	singular	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts remember the huge carpenter that the happy teachers admire	plural	singular	plural	remembers	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts remember the big father that the ecstatic poets know	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunts remember the big lawyer that the joyful boys observe	plural	singular	plural	remembers	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunts remember the little mother that the miserable women greet	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts remember the sad poet that the little uncles understand	plural	singular	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts remember the large singer that the small teachers admire	plural	singular	plural	remembers	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts stimulate the young doctor that the tiny mothers approve	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunts stimulate the tiny teacher that the sad poets approve	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts understand the young carpenter that the happy uncles remember	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunts understand the big doctor that the ecstatic fathers discourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts understand the joyful friend that the little men know	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts understand the small poet that the large friends admire	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boys admire the ecstatic farmer that the huge uncles criticize	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys approve the big kid that the little farmers admire	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys avoid the sad uncle that the little men stimulate	plural	singular	plural	avoids	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys confuse the little athlete that the happy poets approve	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys confuse the ecstatic carpenter that the young lawyers greet	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys criticize the tiny athlete that the ecstatic victims confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys criticize the ecstatic aunt that the small carpenters know	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys criticize the small guy that the ecstatic farmers engage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys criticize the joyful kid that the ecstatic farmers remember	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys discourage the small girl that the joyful uncles confuse	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boys discourage the young guy that the tiny poets encourage	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boys discourage the joyful man that the large fathers remember	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys discourage the ecstatic mother that the old doctors know	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boys discourage the happy teacher that the big poets remember	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys discourage the small victim that the old lawyers understand	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys encourage the ecstatic girl that the large singers remember	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys encourage the miserable victim that the tiny carpenters approve	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boys engage the tiny girl that the young friends avoid	plural	singular	plural	engages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys engage the small man that the little farmers greet	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys engage the large mother that the small men confuse	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys greet the huge farmer that the miserable lawyers discourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys greet the small farmer that the miserable uncles inspire	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boys greet the large girl that the miserable poets inspire	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys inspire the large father that the old girls approve	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys inspire the miserable friend that the huge uncles confuse	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys inspire the big mother that the sad women discourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boys inspire the happy teacher that the young fathers confuse	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys inspire the large teacher that the big men avoid	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys observe the old doctor that the happy lawyers understand	plural	singular	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys observe the sad girl that the old mothers know	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boys remember the large aunt that the ecstatic singers confuse	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys remember the happy carpenter that the old teachers avoid	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys remember the joyful girl that the sad mothers criticize	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys stimulate the sad man that the old athletes know	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys understand the big doctor that the young victims engage	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys understand the ecstatic kid that the huge athletes confuse	plural	singular	plural	understands	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boys understand the happy mother that the ecstatic doctors encourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys understand the little mother that the happy singers encourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys understand the ecstatic singer that the sad guys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters admire the sad farmer that the happy friends understand	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters admire the ecstatic friend that the large farmers avoid	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters admire the miserable kid that the old victims approve	plural	singular	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters admire the ecstatic poet that the joyful farmers confuse	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters admire the small poet that the old girls know	plural	singular	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters approve the little aunt that the joyful friends greet	plural	singular	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters approve the ecstatic father that the miserable guys admire	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters approve the joyful lawyer that the large mothers know	plural	singular	plural	approves	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters avoid the sad aunt that the huge athletes approve	plural	singular	plural	avoids	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters avoid the huge teacher that the young aunts admire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters avoid the little woman that the ecstatic lawyers discourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters confuse the happy poet that the huge singers admire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters confuse the little uncle that the tiny doctors inspire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters criticize the young doctor that the little uncles confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters criticize the large farmer that the sad athletes remember	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters discourage the big father that the little singers approve	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters discourage the miserable lawyer that the sad men criticize	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters discourage the miserable teacher that the young poets know	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters discourage the small uncle that the big victims criticize	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters engage the tiny athlete that the sad mothers observe	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters engage the old man that the tiny doctors stimulate	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters engage the small teacher that the miserable girls greet	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters greet the young friend that the large aunts encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters greet the happy poet that the joyful aunts understand	plural	singular	plural	greets	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters inspire the small friend that the huge kids stimulate	plural	singular	plural	inspires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters inspire the little guy that the sad uncles avoid	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters inspire the sad teacher that the happy farmers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	inspires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters inspire the huge teacher that the happy guys engage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters inspire the sad teacher that the small singers confuse	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters know the miserable guy that the old fathers remember	plural	singular	plural	knows	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters know the huge kid that the tiny doctors encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters know the happy singer that the sad fathers encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters know the joyful uncle that the big guys approve	plural	singular	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters know the tiny uncle that the big victims greet	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters observe the joyful man that the small girls criticize	plural	singular	plural	observes	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters remember the big girl that the small boys know	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters remember the joyful guy that the young victims discourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters stimulate the joyful poet that the small athletes remember	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters understand the old father that the huge aunts admire	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters understand the miserable man that the little girls remember	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters understand the ecstatic mother that the little fathers discourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters understand the old singer that the ecstatic men stimulate	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters understand the tiny teacher that the large poets greet	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors admire the tiny farmer that the big fathers inspire	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors admire the sad mother that the small farmers observe	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors admire the joyful woman that the big teachers discourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors approve the young man that the old lawyers know	plural	singular	plural	approves	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors approve the big singer that the miserable boys criticize	plural	singular	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors avoid the joyful carpenter that the tiny women encourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors avoid the large friend that the miserable poets remember	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors avoid the big guy that the little lawyers criticize	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctors avoid the old teacher that the tiny friends stimulate	plural	singular	plural	avoids	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctors confuse the happy lawyer that the old carpenters approve	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctors confuse the little lawyer that the large girls discourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors confuse the young singer that the happy girls inspire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors confuse the large victim that the big friends stimulate	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors criticize the ecstatic aunt that the sad farmers discourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors criticize the huge woman that the tiny men observe	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors discourage the old farmer that the miserable girls remember	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors discourage the miserable friend that the little uncles stimulate	plural	singular	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors discourage the little man that the miserable athletes engage	plural	singular	plural	discourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors encourage the tiny farmer that the huge men know	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors encourage the big woman that the tiny kids greet	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors engage the young guy that the big farmers observe	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctors greet the tiny boy that the huge kids confuse	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors greet the miserable friend that the ecstatic mothers engage	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors greet the tiny victim that the huge athletes discourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors inspire the joyful lawyer that the young girls observe	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors know the large aunt that the ecstatic guys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors know the small boy that the huge uncles engage	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors know the little guy that the joyful athletes encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors observe the small athlete that the joyful men avoid	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors observe the sad boy that the happy victims confuse	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors observe the little kid that the ecstatic singers greet	plural	singular	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors observe the small lawyer that the big guys know	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors observe the happy mother that the miserable lawyers encourage	plural	singular	plural	observes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctors observe the young uncle that the huge athletes admire	plural	singular	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors observe the big uncle that the large singers remember	plural	singular	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors observe the little woman that the small lawyers approve	plural	singular	plural	observes	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctors remember the young carpenter that the tiny guys confuse	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctors remember the young mother that the joyful girls know	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors remember the huge singer that the ecstatic uncles know	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors stimulate the ecstatic athlete that the little singers avoid	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors stimulate the tiny teacher that the young fathers discourage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors stimulate the young victim that the large aunts encourage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors stimulate the tiny victim that the huge lawyers know	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors understand the huge aunt that the happy singers observe	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors understand the ecstatic aunt that the tiny uncles encourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors understand the happy farmer that the tiny friends discourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors understand the huge kid that the large fathers approve	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors understand the joyful man that the small friends stimulate	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors understand the ecstatic poet that the joyful victims observe	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers admire the old aunt that the tiny athletes stimulate	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmers admire the little aunt that the old doctors engage	plural	singular	plural	admires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers admire the big carpenter that the sad guys greet	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers admire the happy girl that the miserable guys approve	plural	singular	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers admire the miserable victim that the joyful poets engage	plural	singular	plural	admires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers approve the happy athlete that the young guys engage	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers approve the huge doctor that the tiny singers avoid	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers approve the small girl that the tiny singers discourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers approve the happy victim that the huge singers encourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers avoid the young lawyer that the huge kids admire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers avoid the big teacher that the huge victims criticize	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers avoid the large uncle that the young athletes engage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers confuse the old aunt that the sad women encourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmers confuse the tiny boy that the old friends observe	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers confuse the big father that the tiny carpenters engage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers confuse the big girl that the happy friends admire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers criticize the joyful singer that the ecstatic mothers understand	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers discourage the tiny athlete that the small men admire	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers discourage the little man that the tiny singers remember	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers encourage the ecstatic athlete that the miserable friends approve	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmers encourage the joyful athlete that the ecstatic mothers observe	plural	singular	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmers encourage the sad friend that the young girls discourage	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers encourage the large poet that the little mothers know	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmers encourage the huge singer that the ecstatic uncles know	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmers encourage the miserable uncle that the happy friends know	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers encourage the old victim that the joyful uncles confuse	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers encourage the old woman that the huge guys avoid	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers encourage the happy woman that the huge uncles criticize	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmers engage the big friend that the small women inspire	plural	singular	plural	engages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers engage the happy girl that the large kids greet	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers engage the happy kid that the tiny uncles observe	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers engage the small man that the young athletes stimulate	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers greet the huge poet that the miserable teachers encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmers inspire the old carpenter that the joyful kids avoid	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers inspire the ecstatic doctor that the sad fathers criticize	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers inspire the little doctor that the tiny poets criticize	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers inspire the ecstatic father that the tiny aunts avoid	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmers inspire the joyful girl that the miserable fathers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	inspires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmers inspire the tiny poet that the huge guys observe	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers inspire the large poet that the ecstatic lawyers encourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmers know the ecstatic carpenter that the young mothers understand	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers know the young carpenter that the joyful women observe	plural	singular	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers know the happy kid that the small teachers admire	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers know the ecstatic lawyer that the old carpenters engage	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers know the large poet that the young friends greet	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmers know the small teacher that the sad aunts remember	plural	singular	plural	knows	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers know the happy woman that the ecstatic victims avoid	plural	singular	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmers observe the joyful lawyer that the big carpenters engage	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers remember the big boy that the happy men greet	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers remember the sad woman that the huge mothers avoid	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers stimulate the little aunt that the small singers remember	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmers stimulate the young friend that the joyful fathers approve	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers understand the old victim that the big lawyers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers admire the ecstatic friend that the small aunts greet	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little fathers admire the old kid that the tiny girls understand	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers admire the tiny victim that the miserable farmers inspire	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small fathers approve the ecstatic aunt that the happy guys understand	plural	singular	plural	approves	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little fathers approve the ecstatic boy that the big singers observe	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers approve the huge boy that the ecstatic victims confuse	plural	singular	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers approve the large mother that the ecstatic girls discourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little fathers approve the miserable singer that the tiny doctors confuse	plural	singular	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers avoid the ecstatic doctor that the joyful carpenters know	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers avoid the tiny girl that the large teachers criticize	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers avoid the ecstatic kid that the miserable poets engage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers avoid the sad poet that the large uncles criticize	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers confuse the old lawyer that the young doctors remember	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers confuse the happy man that the sad girls stimulate	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers confuse the joyful uncle that the small guys discourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small fathers criticize the ecstatic woman that the little victims avoid	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers discourage the joyful aunt that the miserable men understand	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers discourage the tiny boy that the miserable poets encourage	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers discourage the small lawyer that the miserable aunts greet	plural	singular	plural	discourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers engage the happy athlete that the ecstatic victims know	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers engage the sad mother that the happy poets observe	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young fathers engage the sad poet that the big farmers admire	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers greet the little friend that the small doctors encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers greet the large singer that the sad teachers admire	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little fathers inspire the happy aunt that the sad friends criticize	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big fathers inspire the ecstatic guy that the tiny girls admire	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers inspire the large woman that the miserable teachers confuse	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers know the miserable aunt that the big kids engage	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers know the tiny carpenter that the happy poets remember	plural	singular	plural	knows	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers know the huge carpenter that the young victims criticize	plural	singular	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers know the tiny friend that the big athletes inspire	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young fathers know the miserable guy that the large athletes confuse	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young fathers know the happy kid that the joyful uncles encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small fathers know the happy mother that the huge men observe	plural	singular	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers observe the happy aunt that the big victims criticize	plural	singular	plural	observes	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small fathers observe the big friend that the sad farmers criticize	plural	singular	plural	observes	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small fathers observe the tiny girl that the miserable mothers engage	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big fathers observe the tiny guy that the little singers encourage	plural	singular	plural	observes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers observe the old woman that the little doctors engage	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers observe the large woman that the ecstatic lawyers confuse	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little fathers remember the happy kid that the small girls confuse	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers remember the old lawyer that the big doctors criticize	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers remember the old mother that the sad victims understand	plural	singular	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers remember the little teacher that the big uncles avoid	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers remember the large teacher that the young uncles greet	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little fathers stimulate the huge aunt that the tiny lawyers admire	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers stimulate the large teacher that the small uncles criticize	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little fathers stimulate the big victim that the huge farmers confuse	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers understand the young aunt that the huge uncles criticize	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large fathers understand the small singer that the tiny carpenters discourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends admire the miserable aunt that the ecstatic lawyers know	plural	singular	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friends admire the ecstatic farmer that the huge carpenters observe	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friends admire the big farmer that the ecstatic singers know	plural	singular	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friends admire the small mother that the tiny carpenters engage	plural	singular	plural	admires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends admire the ecstatic mother that the sad guys engage	plural	singular	plural	admires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friends approve the old teacher that the huge mothers avoid	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friends avoid the large man that the ecstatic kids remember	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends confuse the happy farmer that the sad teachers know	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends confuse the large father that the happy mothers know	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends confuse the tiny poet that the huge teachers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friends criticize the miserable farmer that the tiny mothers confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends criticize the little mother that the sad uncles avoid	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends discourage the big aunt that the joyful poets avoid	plural	singular	plural	discourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends discourage the tiny farmer that the sad kids admire	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends discourage the ecstatic victim that the miserable boys remember	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends encourage the large aunt that the happy athletes remember	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends encourage the small boy that the large teachers understand	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends encourage the happy man that the miserable athletes criticize	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends engage the big guy that the sad men remember	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends engage the joyful man that the big teachers admire	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friends engage the ecstatic mother that the huge guys encourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends engage the large singer that the little women discourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends engage the small uncle that the young kids stimulate	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends greet the old farmer that the sad boys understand	plural	singular	plural	greets	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends greet the tiny farmer that the sad kids encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friends greet the old girl that the young athletes understand	plural	singular	plural	greets	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friends greet the little singer that the old girls observe	plural	singular	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friends inspire the happy father that the miserable farmers remember	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friends know the small carpenter that the old guys understand	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends know the big doctor that the joyful mothers confuse	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friends know the joyful doctor that the small poets inspire	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friends know the old father that the big singers greet	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends know the tiny teacher that the large aunts engage	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friends observe the big man that the sad singers inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends observe the big mother that the miserable lawyers engage	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends remember the miserable aunt that the huge uncles know	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends stimulate the big carpenter that the old guys greet	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends stimulate the large singer that the miserable athletes understand	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friends stimulate the young singer that the tiny mothers understand	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends stimulate the old singer that the small poets discourage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends stimulate the sad teacher that the miserable kids engage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friends understand the small boy that the sad victims remember	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friends understand the large carpenter that the tiny doctors admire	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friends understand the tiny guy that the sad farmers avoid	plural	singular	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friends understand the huge man that the joyful lawyers approve	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends understand the huge teacher that the tiny farmers discourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friends understand the little uncle that the happy mothers admire	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls approve the old athlete that the little lawyers greet	plural	singular	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls approve the little guy that the huge carpenters inspire	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girls approve the ecstatic singer that the little guys observe	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls approve the sad victim that the large lawyers greet	plural	singular	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls avoid the ecstatic athlete that the little guys inspire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girls avoid the large singer that the huge victims discourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls avoid the little uncle that the miserable guys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	avoids	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls avoid the large woman that the joyful boys criticize	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girls confuse the young doctor that the tiny singers criticize	plural	singular	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls confuse the small lawyer that the ecstatic teachers greet	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls confuse the big teacher that the small carpenters criticize	plural	singular	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls confuse the tiny teacher that the small carpenters discourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls confuse the little victim that the small teachers observe	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls criticize the sad kid that the young lawyers know	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girls criticize the ecstatic uncle that the young fathers know	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girls discourage the sad boy that the happy guys admire	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls discourage the huge mother that the old carpenters remember	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls encourage the huge doctor that the miserable kids approve	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girls encourage the sad father that the miserable kids discourage	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls encourage the miserable kid that the happy uncles avoid	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girls encourage the huge mother that the small athletes engage	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girls engage the happy victim that the large athletes confuse	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girls greet the large athlete that the huge singers observe	plural	singular	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girls greet the tiny farmer that the little uncles approve	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls greet the happy father that the large men criticize	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girls greet the little friend that the huge mothers approve	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls greet the miserable kid that the tiny victims stimulate	plural	singular	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls greet the joyful lawyer that the young fathers observe	plural	singular	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girls inspire the large boy that the old fathers understand	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls inspire the ecstatic lawyer that the sad mothers discourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girls inspire the young mother that the big victims engage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls inspire the happy teacher that the old poets criticize	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls know the large father that the huge uncles understand	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girls know the joyful uncle that the sad victims observe	plural	singular	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girls observe the large kid that the tiny men remember	plural	singular	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girls observe the miserable singer that the big friends admire	plural	singular	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls observe the little uncle that the young guys understand	plural	singular	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girls observe the tiny uncle that the joyful poets understand	plural	singular	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls remember the old friend that the joyful carpenters approve	plural	singular	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls remember the big poet that the happy kids criticize	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls remember the small poet that the old uncles admire	plural	singular	plural	remembers	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls remember the happy woman that the old fathers criticize	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls stimulate the little aunt that the old men criticize	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girls stimulate the young teacher that the miserable guys criticize	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girls stimulate the young teacher that the happy mothers understand	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls stimulate the huge victim that the little lawyers admire	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls understand the joyful guy that the ecstatic kids greet	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls understand the little lawyer that the sad fathers know	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls understand the old woman that the large fathers engage	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guys admire the young aunt that the old kids confuse	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys admire the large carpenter that the miserable boys remember	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys admire the happy doctor that the miserable carpenters remember	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guys admire the sad doctor that the big women know	plural	singular	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys admire the joyful father that the big boys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys admire the large father that the little kids encourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys approve the young boy that the happy lawyers encourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys approve the old carpenter that the little lawyers observe	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys approve the miserable man that the small fathers inspire	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys approve the joyful singer that the large athletes confuse	plural	singular	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys avoid the huge athlete that the little fathers inspire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys avoid the large doctor that the huge uncles observe	plural	singular	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys avoid the young uncle that the sad friends know	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guys confuse the big farmer that the sad girls discourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys confuse the young friend that the tiny poets observe	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys confuse the ecstatic singer that the young carpenters stimulate	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guys confuse the young singer that the ecstatic girls engage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys confuse the huge victim that the tiny carpenters understand	plural	singular	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys criticize the huge carpenter that the large lawyers greet	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guys criticize the old doctor that the tiny men inspire	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys encourage the huge aunt that the old fathers approve	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guys encourage the young carpenter that the old farmers admire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys encourage the ecstatic father that the old victims approve	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys encourage the small lawyer that the large farmers understand	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys encourage the old man that the sad poets inspire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys encourage the ecstatic poet that the sad girls approve	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys encourage the happy singer that the tiny victims stimulate	plural	singular	plural	encourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys encourage the huge victim that the large boys know	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guys engage the little farmer that the young athletes avoid	plural	singular	plural	engages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys engage the old uncle that the young fathers observe	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guys greet the ecstatic doctor that the sad victims discourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys greet the small mother that the big girls confuse	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guys greet the miserable victim that the huge fathers admire	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys inspire the large doctor that the old singers observe	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guys inspire the huge girl that the tiny kids remember	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys inspire the joyful lawyer that the sad carpenters criticize	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guys inspire the large poet that the sad singers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	inspires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys inspire the old teacher that the joyful farmers understand	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guys know the miserable boy that the little carpenters encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys know the small man that the ecstatic victims criticize	plural	singular	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys know the young mother that the large doctors discourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys know the sad poet that the happy carpenters admire	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guys know the little poet that the tiny men encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guys know the joyful woman that the old farmers inspire	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys observe the ecstatic doctor that the large teachers confuse	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guys observe the ecstatic doctor that the small women remember	plural	singular	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys observe the large singer that the happy mothers inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys observe the sad victim that the little singers inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guys remember the huge carpenter that the old farmers confuse	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guys remember the miserable friend that the young athletes know	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys remember the big victim that the large women observe	plural	singular	plural	remembers	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys stimulate the big father that the ecstatic carpenters understand	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys stimulate the miserable lawyer that the big uncles approve	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys stimulate the tiny uncle that the joyful men remember	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys understand the happy kid that the miserable farmers admire	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys understand the ecstatic victim that the big women remember	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kids admire the sad farmer that the ecstatic singers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids admire the young woman that the little singers confuse	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids approve the joyful athlete that the miserable boys avoid	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids approve the young farmer that the ecstatic poets admire	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kids approve the ecstatic woman that the young uncles stimulate	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kids approve the large woman that the happy victims discourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids confuse the ecstatic man that the happy friends stimulate	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids confuse the tiny man that the sad victims admire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kids confuse the happy teacher that the large fathers engage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids confuse the old teacher that the tiny singers understand	plural	singular	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kids criticize the sad boy that the huge uncles observe	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kids criticize the big doctor that the sad teachers greet	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids criticize the joyful farmer that the young mothers encourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids criticize the big friend that the happy lawyers avoid	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids criticize the small uncle that the big farmers remember	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kids criticize the young victim that the old farmers inspire	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids discourage the huge aunt that the miserable athletes engage	plural	singular	plural	discourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids discourage the ecstatic guy that the joyful athletes observe	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids discourage the large guy that the tiny fathers greet	plural	singular	plural	discourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids discourage the little poet that the ecstatic victims encourage	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids discourage the large singer that the happy poets understand	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kids discourage the ecstatic uncle that the little men admire	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kids discourage the tiny victim that the small men remember	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kids discourage the joyful victim that the sad women inspire	plural	singular	plural	discourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids encourage the miserable carpenter that the huge teachers admire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kids encourage the joyful farmer that the young uncles avoid	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kids encourage the tiny teacher that the ecstatic mothers know	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids greet the large doctor that the sad victims encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kids greet the large guy that the ecstatic men approve	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kids greet the small man that the large girls understand	plural	singular	plural	greets	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids greet the large poet that the small singers engage	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kids inspire the miserable athlete that the large mothers confuse	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids inspire the young aunt that the old fathers remember	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kids inspire the tiny friend that the small doctors encourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kids inspire the little girl that the tiny boys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	inspires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kids know the young aunt that the little lawyers understand	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids know the little uncle that the miserable doctors confuse	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids know the big uncle that the sad girls observe	plural	singular	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids observe the tiny carpenter that the big aunts inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids observe the happy friend that the little girls remember	plural	singular	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kids observe the ecstatic girl that the sad carpenters inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids observe the young man that the sad aunts criticize	plural	singular	plural	observes	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kids remember the old carpenter that the joyful friends understand	plural	singular	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kids remember the big mother that the joyful poets encourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids stimulate the ecstatic girl that the young mothers greet	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kids stimulate the miserable lawyer that the tiny women remember	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids stimulate the tiny victim that the big guys greet	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids understand the happy boy that the small athletes know	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids understand the sad man that the young lawyers know	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids understand the happy poet that the small farmers know	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids understand the young singer that the little teachers encourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids understand the large victim that the big athletes admire	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kids understand the sad victim that the old guys remember	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers admire the huge carpenter that the joyful athletes discourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers admire the huge girl that the joyful teachers encourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers admire the old mother that the tiny carpenters engage	plural	singular	plural	admires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers avoid the joyful farmer that the tiny girls admire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers avoid the miserable poet that the tiny teachers approve	plural	singular	plural	avoids	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers avoid the joyful woman that the happy fathers remember	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers confuse the young athlete that the happy kids avoid	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers confuse the joyful farmer that the large fathers avoid	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers confuse the happy girl that the ecstatic kids understand	plural	singular	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers confuse the small guy that the little victims observe	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers confuse the happy man that the huge carpenters stimulate	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers confuse the huge poet that the sad doctors remember	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers criticize the young mother that the joyful victims approve	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers criticize the joyful teacher that the sad athletes stimulate	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers discourage the young aunt that the sad doctors greet	plural	singular	plural	discourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers discourage the small carpenter that the tiny singers remember	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers discourage the tiny woman that the sad fathers avoid	plural	singular	plural	discourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers encourage the large athlete that the tiny girls discourage	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers encourage the huge carpenter that the large poets admire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers encourage the ecstatic friend that the big carpenters admire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers encourage the large guy that the sad singers confuse	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers encourage the small poet that the joyful singers greet	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers encourage the big singer that the sad victims confuse	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers encourage the big uncle that the little kids confuse	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers engage the little kid that the huge singers approve	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers engage the joyful victim that the ecstatic athletes encourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers engage the sad woman that the joyful men encourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers inspire the young carpenter that the old guys remember	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers inspire the large kid that the ecstatic doctors engage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers inspire the large victim that the little kids engage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers know the miserable mother that the tiny kids criticize	plural	singular	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers know the little poet that the happy men confuse	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers know the sad victim that the big aunts avoid	plural	singular	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers observe the happy athlete that the little aunts understand	plural	singular	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers observe the sad father that the joyful farmers admire	plural	singular	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers observe the small singer that the sad carpenters avoid	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers observe the large victim that the sad women know	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers remember the little farmer that the happy mothers discourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers remember the small singer that the ecstatic doctors discourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers stimulate the ecstatic guy that the tiny uncles know	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers stimulate the miserable poet that the young mothers remember	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers stimulate the joyful woman that the small kids avoid	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers understand the tiny athlete that the huge fathers encourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers understand the tiny aunt that the old fathers remember	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers understand the happy carpenter that the huge mothers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers understand the small girl that the large singers criticize	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers understand the little singer that the miserable athletes stimulate	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers understand the big teacher that the tiny farmers engage	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men admire the tiny teacher that the huge doctors encourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young men approve the little aunt that the joyful doctors observe	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young men approve the happy farmer that the large fathers criticize	plural	singular	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big men avoid the joyful uncle that the sad guys inspire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful men avoid the ecstatic woman that the happy mothers encourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men confuse the ecstatic aunt that the miserable teachers avoid	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big men confuse the old lawyer that the little boys admire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men confuse the miserable mother that the big fathers remember	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy men confuse the tiny singer that the joyful poets know	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy men criticize the huge aunt that the large girls observe	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy men criticize the huge aunt that the joyful victims encourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny men criticize the happy aunt that the large women confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge men criticize the sad farmer that the large guys encourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men criticize the tiny guy that the large lawyers confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable men criticize the ecstatic mother that the joyful boys understand	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big men criticize the ecstatic mother that the miserable victims engage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old men criticize the small uncle that the joyful athletes engage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful men criticize the happy woman that the large teachers confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy men discourage the large father that the tiny boys admire	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful men encourage the big victim that the old uncles understand	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy men engage the big athlete that the sad guys criticize	plural	singular	plural	engages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men engage the tiny farmer that the large mothers greet	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men engage the small guy that the ecstatic doctors understand	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny men engage the happy singer that the little lawyers admire	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable men engage the huge uncle that the tiny singers encourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable men greet the old father that the joyful carpenters engage	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old men greet the big poet that the joyful carpenters avoid	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small men greet the sad singer that the happy friends criticize	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small men greet the joyful victim that the young boys encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful men inspire the big singer that the huge farmers encourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men inspire the joyful woman that the small guys observe	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful men know the little doctor that the happy kids observe	plural	singular	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge men know the little farmer that the old carpenters discourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old men observe the little athlete that the large teachers engage	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge men observe the large carpenter that the miserable kids inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men observe the old doctor that the big victims avoid	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men observe the big victim that the miserable athletes inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men remember the young boy that the miserable teachers criticize	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big men remember the little poet that the sad farmers greet	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable men stimulate the young farmer that the large friends greet	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men stimulate the happy singer that the huge friends inspire	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men stimulate the ecstatic teacher that the young victims encourage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men stimulate the huge woman that the tiny guys know	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men understand the young poet that the joyful carpenters inspire	plural	singular	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers admire the huge guy that the small kids remember	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers admire the little kid that the joyful guys observe	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers admire the large poet that the joyful men confuse	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers admire the old teacher that the young carpenters remember	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers admire the sad uncle that the happy aunts greet	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers admire the huge uncle that the little doctors greet	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mothers admire the old woman that the miserable uncles inspire	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mothers approve the big boy that the sad aunts encourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mothers approve the young farmer that the joyful friends greet	plural	singular	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers approve the joyful poet that the tiny singers admire	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mothers approve the big poet that the miserable singers avoid	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers approve the big teacher that the miserable carpenters stimulate	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers avoid the happy aunt that the joyful kids remember	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mothers avoid the ecstatic doctor that the happy boys approve	plural	singular	plural	avoids	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers avoid the large father that the huge friends inspire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers avoid the large singer that the miserable boys greet	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers confuse the young boy that the huge farmers admire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers confuse the happy girl that the large aunts encourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mothers confuse the young guy that the miserable poets criticize	plural	singular	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers confuse the joyful victim that the small carpenters know	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers criticize the tiny doctor that the sad athletes greet	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers criticize the large farmer that the old victims understand	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mothers criticize the sad guy that the tiny lawyers admire	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers discourage the sad athlete that the small singers greet	plural	singular	plural	discourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers discourage the young farmer that the miserable aunts inspire	plural	singular	plural	discourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers discourage the tiny girl that the large fathers engage	plural	singular	plural	discourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers discourage the ecstatic singer that the old guys criticize	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mothers encourage the miserable athlete that the old boys observe	plural	singular	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers encourage the joyful carpenter that the huge victims confuse	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers encourage the little girl that the huge men confuse	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers encourage the old guy that the ecstatic doctors confuse	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers engage the huge teacher that the large athletes confuse	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers engage the sad uncle that the little aunts encourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers engage the little woman that the huge boys remember	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mothers greet the ecstatic aunt that the little girls approve	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers greet the ecstatic father that the young victims approve	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers greet the large lawyer that the big victims approve	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mothers greet the joyful singer that the small kids discourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers inspire the small aunt that the miserable doctors understand	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers inspire the big boy that the little farmers encourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers inspire the tiny farmer that the old guys discourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers inspire the little girl that the large uncles confuse	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers inspire the old girl that the ecstatic women confuse	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers know the joyful man that the small aunts understand	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mothers know the happy victim that the big men criticize	plural	singular	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mothers observe the big aunt that the sad athletes inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers observe the sad doctor that the little lawyers know	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers observe the small father that the ecstatic singers engage	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers observe the tiny man that the little women approve	plural	singular	plural	observes	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers remember the happy farmer that the huge girls understand	plural	singular	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers remember the little father that the small men confuse	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers remember the huge lawyer that the little farmers discourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers remember the tiny victim that the big guys admire	plural	singular	plural	remembers	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers remember the young victim that the little singers criticize	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers stimulate the little boy that the young lawyers admire	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers stimulate the tiny lawyer that the ecstatic boys avoid	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers stimulate the sad singer that the joyful uncles know	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mothers understand the happy carpenter that the sad aunts avoid	plural	singular	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mothers understand the ecstatic guy that the joyful girls inspire	plural	singular	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mothers understand the big teacher that the joyful doctors avoid	plural	singular	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers understand the little woman that the small farmers admire	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers understand the large woman that the young victims avoid	plural	singular	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poets admire the old boy that the miserable men greet	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poets admire the joyful girl that the small victims criticize	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets admire the ecstatic man that the huge mothers approve	plural	singular	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poets approve the tiny farmer that the little carpenters greet	plural	singular	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets approve the huge girl that the small fathers encourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets approve the tiny singer that the miserable boys encourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poets approve the ecstatic victim that the huge girls avoid	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets avoid the old mother that the happy doctors discourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poets avoid the happy mother that the ecstatic doctors inspire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poets avoid the miserable uncle that the sad guys criticize	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poets confuse the young athlete that the big fathers remember	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets confuse the small lawyer that the young uncles discourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poets criticize the tiny carpenter that the little singers discourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets criticize the big doctor that the old lawyers confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poets criticize the tiny man that the sad kids understand	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets criticize the young man that the large teachers confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poets criticize the tiny uncle that the miserable men discourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets criticize the joyful victim that the big lawyers encourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poets discourage the big doctor that the tiny men approve	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets discourage the miserable father that the happy women know	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets discourage the young guy that the big carpenters confuse	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets discourage the tiny victim that the old uncles confuse	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets encourage the little athlete that the miserable girls criticize	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poets encourage the young friend that the ecstatic singers engage	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets encourage the old kid that the huge doctors observe	plural	singular	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poets encourage the joyful lawyer that the ecstatic women observe	plural	singular	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets encourage the large woman that the sad teachers confuse	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poets engage the small kid that the little athletes criticize	plural	singular	plural	engages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poets engage the happy singer that the miserable aunts encourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets engage the huge singer that the large aunts remember	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets greet the happy boy that the little athletes inspire	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets greet the old friend that the miserable mothers criticize	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poets greet the sad guy that the large mothers remember	plural	singular	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poets greet the small man that the little boys inspire	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poets greet the sad victim that the old lawyers inspire	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets inspire the tiny athlete that the small carpenters observe	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets inspire the sad aunt that the old lawyers engage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poets inspire the happy girl that the sad kids stimulate	plural	singular	plural	inspires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets inspire the ecstatic man that the small athletes greet	plural	singular	plural	inspires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets inspire the large singer that the big boys discourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poets know the large athlete that the tiny carpenters observe	plural	singular	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poets know the little friend that the sad lawyers observe	plural	singular	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poets know the sad singer that the joyful mothers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets observe the small doctor that the sad athletes understand	plural	singular	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets observe the large farmer that the little women confuse	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets observe the huge father that the little men engage	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets observe the miserable father that the large uncles remember	plural	singular	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets observe the small girl that the large kids admire	plural	singular	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poets observe the young mother that the sad uncles admire	plural	singular	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets observe the small woman that the tiny guys greet	plural	singular	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets remember the large kid that the ecstatic teachers confuse	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets stimulate the young woman that the joyful girls understand	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets understand the young carpenter that the small athletes avoid	plural	singular	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poets understand the ecstatic farmer that the miserable guys approve	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poets understand the happy guy that the sad aunts greet	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poets understand the big mother that the happy athletes know	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets understand the huge singer that the little mothers engage	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poets understand the huge victim that the big women greet	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers admire the tiny aunt that the huge athletes confuse	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers admire the ecstatic carpenter that the sad doctors avoid	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers admire the large girl that the big carpenters approve	plural	singular	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers admire the large uncle that the happy farmers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers admire the miserable uncle that the huge poets confuse	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singers admire the miserable woman that the ecstatic poets understand	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers approve the huge aunt that the joyful farmers admire	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singers approve the young friend that the big farmers avoid	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singers approve the young girl that the big mothers avoid	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singers approve the sad uncle that the young fathers observe	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singers approve the little victim that the sad athletes remember	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers approve the large victim that the happy mothers avoid	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers avoid the huge boy that the ecstatic doctors discourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers avoid the small teacher that the tiny athletes observe	plural	singular	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singers avoid the tiny teacher that the little mothers understand	plural	singular	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers avoid the happy woman that the old fathers admire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singers confuse the miserable doctor that the little friends discourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers confuse the happy friend that the little boys avoid	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers confuse the huge girl that the ecstatic men greet	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singers confuse the young mother that the big boys approve	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singers confuse the joyful teacher that the huge mothers greet	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers confuse the small victim that the large kids remember	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers criticize the sad girl that the big doctors stimulate	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers criticize the miserable girl that the joyful guys approve	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers criticize the happy guy that the joyful farmers avoid	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers discourage the sad girl that the ecstatic poets confuse	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers discourage the miserable kid that the small men remember	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers discourage the large lawyer that the big uncles encourage	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singers discourage the old man that the happy athletes approve	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers discourage the old teacher that the happy women admire	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singers discourage the huge woman that the small poets avoid	plural	singular	plural	discourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers encourage the small athlete that the young doctors avoid	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers encourage the huge boy that the young athletes discourage	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers encourage the big boy that the little kids stimulate	plural	singular	plural	encourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers encourage the little doctor that the happy lawyers approve	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers encourage the ecstatic friend that the large lawyers admire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers encourage the young friend that the miserable lawyers inspire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers encourage the miserable lawyer that the young fathers avoid	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers encourage the miserable uncle that the sad doctors admire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singers engage the large athlete that the old farmers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singers engage the young boy that the small doctors stimulate	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singers engage the big father that the young boys remember	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers engage the little poet that the happy mothers observe	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singers greet the little farmer that the miserable poets confuse	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers inspire the young athlete that the huge victims encourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers inspire the ecstatic man that the large uncles remember	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers know the young aunt that the small poets greet	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singers know the large doctor that the huge victims approve	plural	singular	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers know the large father that the ecstatic girls approve	plural	singular	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers know the ecstatic kid that the huge lawyers greet	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers know the sad mother that the big athletes avoid	plural	singular	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers know the little mother that the sad athletes engage	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers know the big poet that the miserable farmers encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers know the huge teacher that the large aunts admire	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers know the joyful uncle that the little athletes encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singers know the happy uncle that the miserable victims discourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers observe the miserable boy that the tiny teachers understand	plural	singular	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers remember the joyful friend that the happy doctors approve	plural	singular	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers remember the large girl that the miserable aunts greet	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singers remember the big guy that the ecstatic carpenters inspire	plural	singular	plural	remembers	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singers remember the ecstatic victim that the miserable poets avoid	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers stimulate the big boy that the young aunts observe	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers stimulate the young guy that the small mothers criticize	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singers stimulate the happy lawyer that the little men discourage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers understand the miserable farmer that the small kids criticize	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers understand the joyful man that the little girls inspire	plural	singular	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singers understand the little poet that the huge kids know	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers admire the happy athlete that the young uncles remember	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teachers admire the sad farmer that the tiny victims understand	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teachers admire the large man that the joyful poets criticize	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teachers approve the young lawyer that the huge aunts admire	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teachers approve the miserable man that the large athletes admire	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers approve the ecstatic singer that the little athletes engage	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teachers approve the big singer that the young girls greet	plural	singular	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers avoid the joyful carpenter that the ecstatic lawyers discourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers avoid the small father that the huge guys discourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers avoid the tiny man that the young guys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	avoids	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers avoid the tiny singer that the old men inspire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teachers avoid the small victim that the miserable mothers observe	plural	singular	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers confuse the huge carpenter that the happy kids understand	plural	singular	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teachers confuse the small man that the big fathers greet	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers criticize the happy doctor that the little friends avoid	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers discourage the joyful singer that the happy women observe	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teachers encourage the ecstatic athlete that the joyful men remember	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teachers encourage the joyful friend that the tiny guys discourage	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers encourage the small friend that the big singers remember	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers encourage the large girl that the old women observe	plural	singular	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers engage the big doctor that the ecstatic uncles understand	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers engage the big farmer that the huge girls confuse	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teachers engage the tiny friend that the miserable guys confuse	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers greet the old athlete that the ecstatic friends know	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers greet the young athlete that the ecstatic kids approve	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers greet the large doctor that the little guys know	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers greet the ecstatic doctor that the joyful women inspire	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers greet the tiny father that the sad athletes know	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers greet the big guy that the young uncles understand	plural	singular	plural	greets	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers greet the old kid that the young girls inspire	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teachers greet the ecstatic man that the large guys encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers greet the large poet that the small victims encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers inspire the huge carpenter that the sad women observe	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teachers inspire the huge farmer that the little poets stimulate	plural	singular	plural	inspires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teachers inspire the joyful kid that the ecstatic women criticize	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers know the little doctor that the ecstatic poets encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers know the happy lawyer that the tiny fathers remember	plural	singular	plural	knows	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers know the little victim that the large lawyers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers observe the miserable friend that the happy boys engage	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers observe the huge kid that the large mothers confuse	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers remember the big carpenter that the huge athletes approve	plural	singular	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers remember the big guy that the sad carpenters encourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers stimulate the huge friend that the tiny aunts engage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teachers stimulate the sad girl that the big men know	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers understand the tiny carpenter that the little girls greet	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers understand the huge girl that the sad poets criticize	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers understand the miserable kid that the sad lawyers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers understand the huge singer that the big women avoid	plural	singular	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers understand the little victim that the joyful guys admire	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles admire the joyful farmer that the happy teachers avoid	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles admire the little father that the tiny teachers confuse	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles admire the big man that the small women understand	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncles approve the little woman that the old poets admire	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles avoid the happy carpenter that the ecstatic fathers understand	plural	singular	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncles avoid the tiny carpenter that the ecstatic guys engage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncles avoid the joyful poet that the miserable mothers engage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles criticize the ecstatic athlete that the tiny farmers admire	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles criticize the sad athlete that the ecstatic victims encourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncles criticize the miserable friend that the happy singers confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles criticize the joyful girl that the little boys avoid	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles criticize the happy lawyer that the joyful women approve	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles criticize the ecstatic mother that the happy lawyers discourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles criticize the big teacher that the sad girls engage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles discourage the ecstatic boy that the huge carpenters encourage	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles discourage the miserable boy that the huge guys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles discourage the ecstatic farmer that the joyful victims approve	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles discourage the joyful woman that the miserable girls admire	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncles encourage the ecstatic aunt that the old athletes inspire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles encourage the little man that the miserable singers greet	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncles encourage the little singer that the sad doctors understand	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncles encourage the sad victim that the happy singers understand	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles engage the happy aunt that the big athletes approve	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles engage the miserable girl that the big mothers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncles engage the large victim that the ecstatic kids know	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles greet the joyful father that the happy lawyers criticize	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles greet the ecstatic kid that the small lawyers engage	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles inspire the happy doctor that the joyful singers encourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles inspire the happy farmer that the miserable aunts understand	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles inspire the small friend that the young kids observe	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncles inspire the huge girl that the young kids greet	plural	singular	plural	inspires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles know the tiny carpenter that the ecstatic aunts inspire	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles observe the tiny boy that the old kids inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncles observe the tiny kid that the joyful teachers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles observe the small victim that the ecstatic aunts discourage	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncles remember the tiny boy that the happy girls discourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncles remember the big guy that the huge kids encourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncles remember the joyful kid that the sad poets admire	plural	singular	plural	remembers	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncles stimulate the joyful athlete that the big teachers remember	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles stimulate the ecstatic carpenter that the small fathers admire	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles stimulate the happy girl that the tiny athletes avoid	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles stimulate the small man that the huge guys admire	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles understand the happy farmer that the young kids admire	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles understand the tiny kid that the young doctors observe	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles understand the large victim that the big aunts criticize	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncles understand the large woman that the sad athletes discourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims admire the miserable farmer that the happy doctors observe	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victims approve the large carpenter that the sad boys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victims approve the little farmer that the huge aunts avoid	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victims avoid the miserable doctor that the ecstatic singers discourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victims avoid the ecstatic father that the huge lawyers know	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victims avoid the large friend that the little carpenters discourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims avoid the small uncle that the miserable carpenters greet	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victims confuse the miserable boy that the large men greet	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victims confuse the little teacher that the happy men approve	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims criticize the tiny friend that the small teachers approve	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims criticize the big kid that the small uncles inspire	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims encourage the tiny friend that the large women inspire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims encourage the tiny mother that the small girls confuse	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victims engage the young doctor that the tiny boys avoid	plural	singular	plural	engages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims engage the happy farmer that the young poets encourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victims engage the happy kid that the sad aunts remember	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victims engage the ecstatic lawyer that the little carpenters confuse	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victims engage the old uncle that the happy boys discourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims engage the huge woman that the sad mothers remember	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victims greet the ecstatic aunt that the small guys avoid	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims greet the small doctor that the sad carpenters inspire	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims greet the huge friend that the young fathers know	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victims greet the sad kid that the young aunts approve	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims greet the sad lawyer that the little athletes confuse	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims inspire the huge mother that the big athletes encourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victims know the happy father that the miserable carpenters remember	plural	singular	plural	knows	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims know the joyful kid that the tiny boys greet	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims know the young mother that the miserable aunts stimulate	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victims know the miserable poet that the happy guys discourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims observe the miserable guy that the ecstatic carpenters greet	plural	singular	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims observe the joyful singer that the huge women know	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victims remember the miserable aunt that the huge men understand	plural	singular	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims remember the tiny boy that the sad farmers confuse	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims remember the ecstatic man that the big girls understand	plural	singular	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims remember the sad man that the large mothers inspire	plural	singular	plural	remembers	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims stimulate the little farmer that the big athletes encourage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims stimulate the tiny mother that the little doctors remember	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims understand the young boy that the old poets remember	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victims understand the joyful girl that the old men stimulate	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victims understand the small girl that the young poets criticize	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women admire the small athlete that the tiny fathers encourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women admire the miserable athlete that the huge friends discourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women admire the old boy that the joyful girls confuse	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women admire the joyful father that the big kids discourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women admire the big uncle that the small men approve	plural	singular	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women approve the young boy that the happy carpenters engage	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women approve the small girl that the little victims greet	plural	singular	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women avoid the small aunt that the big men criticize	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women avoid the tiny boy that the little kids engage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women avoid the large friend that the miserable aunts inspire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge women avoid the happy friend that the young men encourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge women avoid the large girl that the little farmers know	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women avoid the tiny poet that the sad uncles inspire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women confuse the joyful mother that the small uncles discourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women confuse the tiny teacher that the small men encourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women confuse the huge uncle that the big kids understand	plural	singular	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women criticize the tiny farmer that the miserable friends engage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women criticize the old friend that the small farmers greet	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women criticize the big friend that the ecstatic mothers engage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large women criticize the ecstatic poet that the tiny singers understand	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women discourage the huge girl that the tiny aunts approve	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women encourage the miserable father that the tiny kids remember	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women encourage the small friend that the tiny singers engage	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women encourage the large mother that the sad aunts discourage	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women encourage the big singer that the miserable mothers admire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge women engage the little athlete that the ecstatic farmers understand	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young women engage the huge athlete that the large poets understand	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women engage the old boy that the miserable lawyers know	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women engage the ecstatic man that the happy guys understand	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young women engage the miserable man that the old uncles understand	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women greet the joyful friend that the happy men encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women greet the ecstatic friend that the happy mothers approve	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women greet the large poet that the little mothers discourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women inspire the miserable aunt that the young lawyers criticize	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women inspire the little farmer that the small athletes confuse	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women inspire the small guy that the sad boys confuse	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable women know the big athlete that the huge boys greet	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women know the ecstatic aunt that the tiny carpenters engage	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women know the miserable boy that the ecstatic lawyers admire	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women know the young girl that the happy friends observe	plural	singular	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women know the young poet that the old lawyers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women observe the huge farmer that the joyful boys avoid	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women observe the young friend that the small singers confuse	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women remember the young guy that the big lawyers admire	plural	singular	plural	remembers	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy women stimulate the large friend that the old carpenters approve	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athletes admire the sad carpenters that the young teacher avoids	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes approve the sad farmers that the large teacher discourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athletes approve the happy men that the tiny farmer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athletes approve the small poets that the little friend observes	plural	plural	singular	approves	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athletes approve the huge victims that the big mother inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes avoid the tiny farmers that the miserable friend admires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes avoid the sad fathers that the joyful kid discourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athletes avoid the tiny mothers that the old uncle inspires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athletes avoid the old teachers that the joyful aunt criticizes	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes avoid the tiny teachers that the old doctor confuses	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes confuse the small aunts that the tiny victim engages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes confuse the big carpenters that the old farmer inspires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes confuse the small doctors that the large lawyer greets	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes confuse the miserable friends that the old kid inspires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athletes criticize the big kids that the large victim stimulates	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes discourage the miserable farmers that the big guy knows	plural	plural	singular	discourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes encourage the young boys that the big aunt criticizes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes encourage the huge teachers that the large man confuses	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athletes encourage the ecstatic uncles that the miserable kid criticizes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes engage the young aunts that the little singer understands	plural	plural	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes engage the sad doctors that the large friend admires	plural	plural	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athletes engage the happy farmers that the small man knows	plural	plural	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes engage the large girls that the tiny farmer remembers	plural	plural	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes engage the joyful uncles that the large girl observes	plural	plural	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes engage the large victims that the young teacher inspires	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes greet the huge guys that the miserable boy admires	plural	plural	singular	greets	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athletes greet the young teachers that the huge mother encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes inspire the joyful doctors that the old girl knows	plural	plural	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes inspire the tiny victims that the little friend encourages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes observe the old boys that the happy carpenter understands	plural	plural	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athletes observe the happy farmers that the old singer remembers	plural	plural	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes observe the young kids that the joyful carpenter remembers	plural	plural	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athletes observe the ecstatic lawyers that the old farmer greets	plural	plural	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes observe the ecstatic teachers that the sad friend greets	plural	plural	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athletes observe the sad victims that the small aunt encourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes remember the big girls that the large teacher stimulates	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athletes stimulate the sad doctors that the tiny woman inspires	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes stimulate the small mothers that the old boy inspires	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes understand the little aunts that the happy girl remembers	plural	plural	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athletes understand the happy mothers that the miserable friend discourages	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes understand the old victims that the small singer engages	plural	plural	singular	understands	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts admire the joyful men that the little doctor remembers	plural	plural	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts admire the large victims that the old father discourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts approve the tiny boys that the large guy remembers	plural	plural	singular	approves	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts approve the sad fathers that the happy lawyer confuses	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts avoid the ecstatic boys that the happy victim encourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts avoid the huge lawyers that the joyful victim approves	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts confuse the old carpenters that the ecstatic athlete knows	plural	plural	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts confuse the big fathers that the huge guy discourages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts confuse the miserable men that the sad farmer greets	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts confuse the happy men that the young girl inspires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts confuse the young poets that the little carpenter discourages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunts criticize the miserable uncles that the little lawyer engages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts criticize the happy victims that the large carpenter greets	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts discourage the joyful boys that the happy teacher inspires	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts discourage the young friends that the huge girl engages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunts discourage the tiny girls that the ecstatic man understands	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts discourage the little lawyers that the huge farmer observes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts encourage the big farmers that the joyful man confuses	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts encourage the joyful poets that the small doctor discourages	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunts encourage the young poets that the small father remembers	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts encourage the tiny singers that the joyful guy admires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts encourage the small teachers that the huge father greets	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts encourage the small women that the huge singer knows	plural	plural	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts engage the happy boys that the tiny lawyer avoids	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts engage the joyful fathers that the miserable carpenter knows	plural	plural	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts engage the large guys that the happy carpenter encourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts engage the young men that the huge kid inspires	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunts engage the miserable men that the joyful mother understands	plural	plural	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunts greet the huge kids that the happy uncle understands	plural	plural	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts greet the huge uncles that the big victim admires	plural	plural	singular	greets	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunts inspire the happy athletes that the young doctor greets	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts inspire the old doctors that the sad guy approves	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts inspire the old doctors that the little mother admires	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts know the big carpenters that the small lawyer confuses	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunts know the little doctors that the old friend observes	plural	plural	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts know the ecstatic fathers that the miserable boy admires	plural	plural	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts know the tiny kids that the sad lawyer discourages	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts know the little lawyers that the tiny athlete criticizes	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunts know the happy victims that the tiny mother inspires	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts observe the sad athletes that the old woman inspires	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts observe the miserable fathers that the small mother stimulates	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts observe the joyful fathers that the miserable teacher stimulates	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts observe the large uncles that the big poet remembers	plural	plural	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts remember the miserable farmers that the happy athlete discourages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts stimulate the large friends that the sad kid observes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts stimulate the young friends that the big poet observes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts stimulate the large men that the little carpenter criticizes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts understand the joyful women that the happy poet stimulates	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boys admire the small doctors that the joyful kid encourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boys admire the happy friends that the large teacher avoids	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys admire the little guys that the tiny mother understands	plural	plural	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys admire the young lawyers that the old father remembers	plural	plural	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys approve the small doctors that the little girl remembers	plural	plural	singular	approves	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boys approve the huge fathers that the sad aunt knows	plural	plural	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys approve the huge guys that the tiny father confuses	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boys approve the tiny lawyers that the large athlete understands	plural	plural	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys approve the miserable poets that the tiny guy confuses	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys approve the sad women that the small friend greets	plural	plural	singular	approves	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys avoid the sad athletes that the old girl inspires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boys avoid the old girls that the big woman encourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boys avoid the big men that the happy poet understands	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys avoid the huge mothers that the old uncle stimulates	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys confuse the large aunts that the happy woman approves	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys confuse the small lawyers that the sad poet approves	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys confuse the old teachers that the little athlete knows	plural	plural	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys criticize the ecstatic athletes that the old victim admires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boys criticize the old fathers that the happy girl understands	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys criticize the young kids that the huge woman avoids	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys criticize the young teachers that the huge victim confuses	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boys criticize the large victims that the little athlete understands	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys discourage the sad poets that the old guy stimulates	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boys discourage the huge singers that the miserable lawyer understands	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys encourage the old aunts that the young father avoids	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys encourage the joyful doctors that the small girl confuses	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boys encourage the old friends that the huge girl understands	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys encourage the joyful teachers that the ecstatic farmer knows	plural	plural	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boys engage the huge doctors that the miserable carpenter encourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys engage the happy poets that the large doctor approves	plural	plural	singular	engages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys greet the small fathers that the old kid encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys greet the tiny fathers that the happy uncle understands	plural	plural	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boys greet the tiny friends that the young carpenter admires	plural	plural	singular	greets	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys greet the tiny guys that the sad teacher criticizes	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys greet the big uncles that the little teacher discourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys greet the little victims that the tiny man approves	plural	plural	singular	greets	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys inspire the miserable farmers that the tiny carpenter approves	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys know the little mothers that the old singer admires	plural	plural	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boys know the large poets that the young friend approves	plural	plural	singular	knows	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boys know the little uncles that the tiny father remembers	plural	plural	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys observe the small athletes that the tiny doctor knows	plural	plural	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boys observe the old carpenters that the small athlete confuses	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boys observe the joyful carpenters that the ecstatic farmer remembers	plural	plural	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys observe the huge fathers that the small mother confuses	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boys observe the big girls that the tiny guy discourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boys observe the joyful mothers that the big girl confuses	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boys observe the tiny singers that the old aunt avoids	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boys observe the miserable victims that the large lawyer confuses	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys remember the happy aunts that the miserable father engages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boys remember the miserable carpenters that the large athlete criticizes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys stimulate the miserable athletes that the small doctor encourages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys stimulate the young carpenters that the ecstatic poet observes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boys stimulate the happy carpenters that the little victim discourages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys stimulate the happy guys that the huge woman confuses	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys stimulate the sad kids that the happy teacher admires	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boys stimulate the huge men that the small father criticizes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boys stimulate the joyful uncles that the young victim confuses	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys stimulate the sad women that the happy friend inspires	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys stimulate the joyful women that the sad girl engages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boys understand the small uncles that the tiny teacher greets	plural	plural	singular	understands	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys understand the small victims that the tiny guy remembers	plural	plural	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters admire the small guys that the sad doctor criticizes	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters admire the young lawyers that the happy teacher criticizes	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters admire the joyful singers that the big aunt criticizes	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters approve the old boys that the ecstatic teacher observes	plural	plural	singular	approves	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters approve the large mothers that the joyful friend knows	plural	plural	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters approve the old teachers that the huge aunt encourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters approve the ecstatic victims that the small father engages	plural	plural	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters avoid the joyful farmers that the huge man criticizes	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters avoid the tiny fathers that the little poet observes	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters avoid the small girls that the sad man knows	plural	plural	singular	avoids	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters confuse the old athletes that the ecstatic friend encourages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters confuse the young athletes that the small girl inspires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters confuse the little aunts that the small uncle observes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters confuse the tiny farmers that the little mother knows	plural	plural	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters confuse the old kids that the joyful guy approves	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters criticize the big aunts that the ecstatic doctor engages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters criticize the small doctors that the ecstatic guy approves	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters criticize the young kids that the miserable victim discourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters criticize the miserable lawyers that the young boy stimulates	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters discourage the young fathers that the miserable uncle encourages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters discourage the little girls that the old uncle inspires	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters discourage the small kids that the big father avoids	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters discourage the happy teachers that the tiny woman encourages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters encourage the ecstatic aunts that the sad uncle greets	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters engage the old poets that the young friend knows	plural	plural	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters greet the joyful aunts that the old uncle inspires	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters greet the old doctors that the tiny teacher criticizes	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters greet the sad girls that the ecstatic victim discourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters inspire the young boys that the miserable aunt encourages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters inspire the huge doctors that the old poet approves	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters inspire the happy farmers that the big teacher stimulates	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters inspire the young kids that the miserable woman engages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters know the huge aunts that the tiny kid stimulates	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters know the huge guys that the small kid admires	plural	plural	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters know the huge men that the little poet discourages	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters know the little mothers that the young guy observes	plural	plural	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters know the little victims that the sad guy avoids	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters observe the huge girls that the little aunt discourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters observe the large women that the big mother greets	plural	plural	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters remember the young fathers that the large man greets	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters remember the little kids that the sad poet admires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters remember the small lawyers that the large friend understands	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters stimulate the sad fathers that the old doctor engages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters stimulate the happy victims that the young teacher observes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters stimulate the little women that the old mother discourages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters understand the miserable athletes that the huge kid inspires	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters understand the happy farmers that the miserable athlete remembers	plural	plural	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters understand the miserable victims that the small athlete inspires	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors admire the big boys that the huge victim engages	plural	plural	singular	admires	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctors admire the miserable farmers that the happy man understands	plural	plural	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctors admire the big singers that the ecstatic carpenter understands	plural	plural	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors admire the large uncles that the little lawyer encourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctors approve the happy athletes that the little lawyer stimulates	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors approve the joyful farmers that the small lawyer inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors approve the small kids that the happy boy inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors approve the young poets that the happy singer inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors approve the miserable victims that the young kid confuses	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors approve the big women that the sad uncle encourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctors avoid the huge kids that the big woman discourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors avoid the tiny singers that the sad athlete stimulates	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors confuse the happy fathers that the tiny woman stimulates	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors confuse the small girls that the young mother observes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors criticize the ecstatic guys that the tiny victim inspires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors criticize the happy kids that the tiny friend discourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors criticize the tiny women that the joyful aunt remembers	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctors discourage the miserable aunts that the small guy admires	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors discourage the big singers that the tiny guy avoids	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctors discourage the big teachers that the tiny aunt understands	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors encourage the small athletes that the ecstatic guy knows	plural	plural	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctors encourage the happy farmers that the old kid knows	plural	plural	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors encourage the big girls that the huge farmer approves	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors encourage the old singers that the happy athlete discourages	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors encourage the miserable uncles that the big carpenter understands	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors engage the big men that the tiny friend admires	plural	plural	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors engage the miserable poets that the joyful teacher admires	plural	plural	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors engage the old singers that the little girl avoids	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors engage the tiny teachers that the little father admires	plural	plural	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors engage the sad victims that the old aunt inspires	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctors greet the old fathers that the big singer approves	plural	plural	singular	greets	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctors greet the young friends that the joyful kid knows	plural	plural	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors greet the huge guys that the old athlete remembers	plural	plural	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors inspire the small boys that the sad girl admires	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors inspire the happy carpenters that the ecstatic friend approves	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors inspire the sad fathers that the young aunt stimulates	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors know the little mothers that the small farmer observes	plural	plural	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors know the young singers that the large guy criticizes	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors observe the young carpenters that the small girl understands	plural	plural	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors observe the ecstatic fathers that the big kid approves	plural	plural	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors observe the small men that the young uncle approves	plural	plural	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors observe the old poets that the ecstatic teacher discourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctors observe the joyful women that the ecstatic lawyer remembers	plural	plural	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors remember the small kids that the young athlete knows	plural	plural	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors stimulate the happy aunts that the young girl criticizes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors stimulate the ecstatic carpenters that the happy lawyer observes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors stimulate the joyful girls that the miserable woman confuses	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors stimulate the huge singers that the tiny guy greets	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctors understand the big boys that the tiny friend avoids	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors understand the small singers that the tiny mother admires	plural	plural	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors understand the tiny uncles that the old man encourages	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmers admire the miserable women that the big kid encourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmers approve the big doctors that the miserable victim understands	plural	plural	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers approve the old fathers that the ecstatic kid remembers	plural	plural	singular	approves	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers approve the old singers that the tiny boy remembers	plural	plural	singular	approves	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers approve the small singers that the ecstatic teacher engages	plural	plural	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmers avoid the old aunts that the ecstatic carpenter approves	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmers avoid the joyful mothers that the miserable doctor inspires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmers avoid the happy uncles that the miserable kid criticizes	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmers confuse the tiny aunts that the little father understands	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers criticize the large boys that the sad aunt engages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers criticize the happy lawyers that the small kid avoids	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers criticize the little mothers that the big lawyer understands	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmers criticize the young uncles that the old doctor encourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers discourage the huge athletes that the little poet engages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers discourage the sad women that the young carpenter stimulates	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmers discourage the sad women that the tiny girl understands	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers encourage the little fathers that the tiny carpenter criticizes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmers encourage the joyful women that the miserable aunt observes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers encourage the little women that the joyful uncle avoids	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers engage the tiny carpenters that the happy poet understands	plural	plural	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers engage the huge men that the big boy discourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers engage the tiny men that the little lawyer confuses	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers engage the large uncles that the old lawyer discourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers engage the young victims that the sad woman inspires	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers greet the joyful fathers that the miserable aunt avoids	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmers greet the tiny men that the big aunt engages	plural	plural	singular	greets	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers greet the young mothers that the big victim criticizes	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers inspire the little athletes that the ecstatic carpenter remembers	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers inspire the joyful boys that the happy poet knows	plural	plural	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers inspire the huge carpenters that the little teacher criticizes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmers inspire the happy friends that the sad aunt greets	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers inspire the large mothers that the sad aunt avoids	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers inspire the tiny teachers that the sad friend greets	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers know the sad carpenters that the young lawyer avoids	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers know the happy men that the small doctor understands	plural	plural	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmers know the tiny mothers that the joyful friend understands	plural	plural	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers observe the large athletes that the tiny man greets	plural	plural	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers observe the huge doctors that the little guy admires	plural	plural	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers observe the sad fathers that the small woman understands	plural	plural	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers observe the old friends that the tiny girl stimulates	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmers observe the miserable kids that the happy lawyer approves	plural	plural	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmers remember the joyful aunts that the huge father criticizes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers remember the happy aunts that the sad teacher criticizes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers remember the large uncles that the joyful singer admires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers remember the old victims that the tiny lawyer discourages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers stimulate the tiny aunts that the joyful carpenter encourages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers stimulate the little doctors that the tiny teacher inspires	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers stimulate the old mothers that the tiny guy engages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmers stimulate the big teachers that the joyful doctor approves	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmers understand the joyful guys that the huge father observes	plural	plural	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers understand the large poets that the happy singer observes	plural	plural	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmers understand the small women that the miserable kid confuses	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big fathers admire the little kids that the miserable mother understands	plural	plural	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small fathers admire the ecstatic men that the joyful boy discourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small fathers approve the joyful carpenters that the sad woman stimulates	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big fathers approve the old doctors that the ecstatic singer admires	plural	plural	singular	approves	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers approve the miserable farmers that the joyful uncle discourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little fathers approve the big girls that the sad friend admires	plural	plural	singular	approves	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers approve the happy guys that the big athlete inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers approve the young poets that the tiny kid remembers	plural	plural	singular	approves	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers avoid the sad aunts that the ecstatic teacher discourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers avoid the miserable aunts that the little woman observes	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers avoid the little boys that the ecstatic woman discourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers avoid the small mothers that the joyful carpenter criticizes	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big fathers confuse the joyful aunts that the tiny boy greets	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers criticize the little boys that the miserable man approves	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers criticize the joyful mothers that the sad singer avoids	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers criticize the little mothers that the small woman engages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers criticize the little women that the sad singer avoids	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers discourage the huge athletes that the big friend greets	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers discourage the huge kids that the ecstatic friend remembers	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers discourage the old kids that the happy teacher knows	plural	plural	singular	discourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers discourage the happy lawyers that the ecstatic guy inspires	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large fathers discourage the old women that the ecstatic boy encourages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young fathers encourage the huge doctors that the large teacher approves	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers encourage the large girls that the little farmer remembers	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers encourage the young mothers that the joyful woman criticizes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little fathers encourage the ecstatic poets that the happy boy engages	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers encourage the happy singers that the miserable girl understands	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers encourage the miserable teachers that the huge man stimulates	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big fathers encourage the ecstatic women that the miserable farmer confuses	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers engage the young carpenters that the sad friend knows	plural	plural	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers engage the young carpenters that the tiny teacher admires	plural	plural	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large fathers engage the old farmers that the little doctor avoids	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers engage the young women that the little guy approves	plural	plural	singular	engages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little fathers greet the miserable men that the ecstatic mother discourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers greet the sad singers that the huge athlete stimulates	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little fathers inspire the joyful girls that the small poet greets	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers inspire the joyful kids that the miserable farmer confuses	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers know the old aunts that the miserable friend greets	plural	plural	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers know the tiny doctors that the happy singer greets	plural	plural	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large fathers know the young farmers that the old doctor observes	plural	plural	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers know the small mothers that the huge guy encourages	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers know the joyful singers that the miserable doctor greets	plural	plural	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers observe the happy doctors that the miserable kid encourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers observe the large guys that the big mother confuses	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small fathers observe the happy guys that the big uncle approves	plural	plural	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers observe the tiny poets that the large woman approves	plural	plural	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big fathers observe the tiny singers that the old man inspires	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers observe the ecstatic teachers that the tiny victim avoids	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little fathers observe the large victims that the happy doctor avoids	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers remember the small athletes that the big victim avoids	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young fathers remember the little carpenters that the large uncle greets	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young fathers remember the ecstatic guys that the joyful poet encourages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large fathers remember the small men that the tiny farmer approves	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers remember the old singers that the big carpenter approves	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers remember the happy singers that the huge man confuses	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers remember the little uncles that the miserable carpenter approves	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers stimulate the tiny doctors that the large kid remembers	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young fathers stimulate the small kids that the huge doctor approves	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers stimulate the young men that the little kid avoids	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers stimulate the sad women that the big athlete engages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends admire the sad boys that the little victim confuses	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends approve the ecstatic carpenters that the happy kid observes	plural	plural	singular	approves	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends approve the miserable doctors that the ecstatic teacher discourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends approve the joyful fathers that the ecstatic woman inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends approve the huge girls that the big aunt observes	plural	plural	singular	approves	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friends approve the huge teachers that the ecstatic father greets	plural	plural	singular	approves	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friends approve the huge teachers that the sad mother greets	plural	plural	singular	approves	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends avoid the sad doctors that the tiny man greets	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friends avoid the ecstatic fathers that the huge uncle greets	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends avoid the little mothers that the miserable carpenter remembers	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friends avoid the sad singers that the small victim understands	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friends avoid the tiny teachers that the ecstatic athlete admires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friends confuse the big guys that the huge victim encourages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friends confuse the large teachers that the happy singer observes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends criticize the happy fathers that the little boy approves	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friends discourage the joyful athletes that the sad uncle avoids	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends discourage the large poets that the happy uncle remembers	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends encourage the huge aunts that the sad farmer remembers	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends encourage the big aunts that the happy poet approves	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friends encourage the ecstatic carpenters that the old aunt confuses	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friends encourage the tiny guys that the large singer greets	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends encourage the sad men that the miserable guy avoids	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends engage the sad doctors that the young teacher knows	plural	plural	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends engage the sad fathers that the large lawyer avoids	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friends engage the miserable girls that the young lawyer stimulates	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends engage the huge kids that the big guy stimulates	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends engage the old uncles that the tiny aunt confuses	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends greet the small aunts that the large kid approves	plural	plural	singular	greets	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends greet the happy poets that the sad farmer discourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friends inspire the huge athletes that the young farmer engages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends inspire the old aunts that the sad poet remembers	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friends inspire the little girls that the old boy remembers	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends inspire the ecstatic women that the tiny father engages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends know the tiny boys that the little athlete avoids	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friends know the tiny guys that the huge girl discourages	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friends know the small singers that the huge uncle understands	plural	plural	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friends know the huge victims that the little doctor approves	plural	plural	singular	knows	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friends observe the ecstatic mothers that the joyful poet engages	plural	plural	singular	observes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friends observe the miserable teachers that the happy victim encourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends observe the young victims that the huge kid greets	plural	plural	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friends remember the joyful carpenters that the large mother stimulates	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friends remember the joyful girls that the happy carpenter admires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friends remember the miserable guys that the young boy criticizes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friends remember the old guys that the miserable man criticizes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends stimulate the old boys that the big victim confuses	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friends stimulate the big victims that the small lawyer understands	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friends stimulate the big women that the tiny mother greets	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends understand the happy aunts that the big man criticizes	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends understand the big boys that the little man knows	plural	plural	singular	understands	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friends understand the ecstatic farmers that the young aunt criticizes	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends understand the old men that the joyful lawyer engages	plural	plural	singular	understands	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls admire the happy farmers that the joyful lawyer encourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girls admire the large farmers that the huge victim encourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls admire the old guys that the tiny aunt stimulates	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls admire the happy lawyers that the small athlete engages	plural	plural	singular	admires	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girls admire the small lawyers that the ecstatic farmer confuses	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls admire the big men that the tiny mother encourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls approve the big carpenters that the huge man discourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls approve the small doctors that the ecstatic guy inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girls approve the tiny guys that the big teacher inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls approve the small teachers that the old father knows	plural	plural	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girls avoid the ecstatic athletes that the sad teacher greets	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girls avoid the little aunts that the small friend confuses	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls avoid the big carpenters that the joyful woman remembers	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls avoid the huge teachers that the sad friend stimulates	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls confuse the tiny aunts that the joyful singer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls confuse the large singers that the miserable kid observes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls criticize the big kids that the old mother approves	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girls criticize the old lawyers that the young man confuses	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls criticize the huge women that the tiny poet engages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girls discourage the little carpenters that the big mother encourages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girls discourage the tiny lawyers that the big aunt engages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls discourage the happy men that the joyful lawyer avoids	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girls discourage the large poets that the tiny uncle stimulates	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girls discourage the tiny teachers that the young athlete avoids	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls encourage the little farmers that the ecstatic carpenter observes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls encourage the joyful farmers that the sad uncle criticizes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girls encourage the little lawyers that the happy uncle remembers	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls encourage the small mothers that the little doctor greets	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girls encourage the huge mothers that the tiny doctor stimulates	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls encourage the happy mothers that the ecstatic victim approves	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls encourage the huge teachers that the tiny woman confuses	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girls engage the happy fathers that the old man admires	plural	plural	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girls engage the joyful men that the large woman discourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girls engage the small uncles that the ecstatic boy encourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls greet the happy athletes that the little friend understands	plural	plural	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls greet the large aunts that the sad boy observes	plural	plural	singular	greets	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls greet the young fathers that the tiny singer remembers	plural	plural	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls greet the happy mothers that the tiny uncle remembers	plural	plural	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls greet the ecstatic singers that the old victim encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls greet the tiny women that the large lawyer encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls inspire the tiny athletes that the little friend understands	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girls inspire the sad carpenters that the big teacher criticizes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls know the huge farmers that the small friend confuses	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girls observe the little fathers that the tiny farmer confuses	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girls observe the old teachers that the huge boy encourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girls observe the ecstatic uncles that the small doctor avoids	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girls remember the ecstatic doctors that the young poet inspires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls stimulate the little carpenters that the old singer admires	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girls stimulate the young doctors that the miserable boy knows	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girls stimulate the tiny mothers that the miserable farmer discourages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls understand the little carpenters that the sad kid remembers	plural	plural	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls understand the miserable uncles that the huge aunt admires	plural	plural	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guys admire the old friends that the ecstatic aunt approves	plural	plural	singular	admires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys approve the sad athletes that the happy girl inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guys approve the miserable kids that the ecstatic uncle knows	plural	plural	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys approve the miserable uncles that the tiny singer inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys avoid the big girls that the miserable kid inspires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys avoid the young singers that the sad mother criticizes	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys confuse the ecstatic athletes that the large doctor stimulates	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys confuse the small kids that the sad aunt discourages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guys confuse the ecstatic mothers that the miserable boy approves	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys confuse the young mothers that the happy farmer engages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guys confuse the ecstatic victims that the miserable girl criticizes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guys criticize the sad girls that the old farmer confuses	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys criticize the tiny poets that the sad lawyer approves	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guys discourage the tiny doctors that the joyful carpenter observes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys discourage the joyful kids that the sad father observes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guys encourage the sad carpenters that the happy farmer confuses	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys encourage the tiny singers that the young father approves	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guys encourage the ecstatic uncles that the miserable lawyer inspires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys engage the ecstatic fathers that the tiny athlete observes	plural	plural	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guys engage the young teachers that the joyful kid inspires	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guys greet the miserable aunts that the tiny teacher understands	plural	plural	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guys greet the tiny boys that the large poet observes	plural	plural	singular	greets	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys greet the happy lawyers that the little man encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guys greet the small victims that the young woman stimulates	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys greet the small women that the joyful aunt understands	plural	plural	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guys inspire the large athletes that the ecstatic singer confuses	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys inspire the big doctors that the large teacher criticizes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guys inspire the sad poets that the big singer confuses	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys inspire the big uncles that the miserable boy stimulates	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys know the small athletes that the old mother engages	plural	plural	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys know the old boys that the miserable athlete encourages	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys know the old men that the tiny victim stimulates	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guys observe the large athletes that the big lawyer inspires	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys observe the huge fathers that the sad man encourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys observe the large victims that the old girl understands	plural	plural	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guys remember the miserable athletes that the huge girl criticizes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys remember the young aunts that the huge mother engages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guys remember the big boys that the small doctor understands	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guys remember the sad carpenters that the tiny father stimulates	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys remember the sad doctors that the joyful singer engages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guys remember the huge men that the young athlete understands	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guys remember the young uncles that the large man inspires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guys understand the large aunts that the small man inspires	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys understand the small boys that the old doctor encourages	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids admire the little athletes that the young farmer inspires	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kids admire the joyful boys that the old man remembers	plural	plural	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids admire the miserable carpenters that the large teacher remembers	plural	plural	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids admire the small friends that the ecstatic athlete criticizes	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids admire the joyful mothers that the huge guy encourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kids approve the ecstatic fathers that the happy athlete understands	plural	plural	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kids approve the tiny girls that the happy aunt inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kids approve the tiny girls that the small poet discourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids approve the young singers that the sad guy greets	plural	plural	singular	approves	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kids approve the huge teachers that the old boy greets	plural	plural	singular	approves	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kids approve the tiny women that the old father stimulates	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids confuse the happy athletes that the joyful doctor knows	plural	plural	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids confuse the huge aunts that the happy uncle inspires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids confuse the happy boys that the little singer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kids confuse the huge guys that the big girl engages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kids criticize the tiny guys that the old mother observes	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids criticize the sad singers that the ecstatic teacher stimulates	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids criticize the joyful uncles that the ecstatic girl admires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kids criticize the ecstatic uncles that the sad victim admires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kids criticize the little victims that the happy friend approves	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kids criticize the ecstatic women that the tiny athlete inspires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids discourage the joyful boys that the big girl confuses	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kids discourage the miserable boys that the sad poet admires	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids discourage the small men that the happy mother remembers	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids discourage the large teachers that the tiny friend admires	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kids encourage the joyful girls that the old farmer understands	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kids encourage the miserable lawyers that the young teacher remembers	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kids encourage the young poets that the happy aunt admires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids encourage the small uncles that the old man stimulates	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kids engage the small boys that the young carpenter understands	plural	plural	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids engage the joyful carpenters that the happy poet discourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids engage the large girls that the miserable doctor observes	plural	plural	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids engage the happy guys that the miserable mother knows	plural	plural	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kids engage the large uncles that the tiny guy avoids	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kids engage the large women that the sad athlete remembers	plural	plural	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids greet the tiny carpenters that the sad singer encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids greet the big farmers that the happy woman knows	plural	plural	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kids greet the huge lawyers that the joyful boy encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids greet the huge mothers that the miserable singer engages	plural	plural	singular	greets	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kids greet the old women that the happy father encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kids inspire the huge doctors that the sad girl discourages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids know the old aunts that the young teacher greets	plural	plural	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids know the joyful friends that the young woman stimulates	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids know the happy singers that the huge girl observes	plural	plural	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kids observe the tiny farmers that the big girl avoids	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids observe the small fathers that the young friend engages	plural	plural	singular	observes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids observe the tiny lawyers that the little girl criticizes	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids observe the huge teachers that the happy mother inspires	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids observe the huge women that the tiny teacher knows	plural	plural	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids remember the old fathers that the young athlete knows	plural	plural	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kids remember the happy friends that the large boy engages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids remember the miserable lawyers that the huge carpenter understands	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids remember the tiny lawyers that the small guy inspires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kids remember the young teachers that the old farmer avoids	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids remember the large uncles that the miserable mother inspires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kids remember the large women that the miserable teacher confuses	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kids stimulate the tiny girls that the little uncle confuses	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids stimulate the big women that the large guy discourages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers approve the little aunts that the ecstatic doctor encourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers approve the joyful fathers that the large athlete engages	plural	plural	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers approve the young girls that the happy mother encourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers approve the ecstatic uncles that the tiny mother engages	plural	plural	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers avoid the little boys that the ecstatic father inspires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers avoid the small carpenters that the huge woman discourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers confuse the little fathers that the old carpenter inspires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers confuse the joyful guys that the young singer engages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers confuse the tiny uncles that the joyful victim avoids	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers criticize the miserable athletes that the tiny carpenter remembers	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers criticize the joyful fathers that the tiny friend understands	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers criticize the huge men that the little poet knows	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers criticize the little poets that the miserable friend understands	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers discourage the old kids that the young aunt criticizes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers discourage the small victims that the little boy inspires	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers discourage the joyful victims that the sad carpenter understands	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers encourage the joyful farmers that the small teacher greets	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers encourage the large kids that the sad doctor inspires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers encourage the sad poets that the old uncle stimulates	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers encourage the large women that the small father understands	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers engage the small athletes that the old kid understands	plural	plural	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers engage the young mothers that the big friend avoids	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers inspire the joyful athletes that the huge girl observes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers inspire the happy fathers that the young doctor stimulates	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers inspire the large teachers that the joyful woman avoids	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers know the big farmers that the ecstatic poet avoids	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers know the little fathers that the joyful uncle engages	plural	plural	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers know the young kids that the old doctor greets	plural	plural	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers know the large singers that the young girl inspires	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers know the happy women that the small guy stimulates	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers observe the huge athletes that the sad farmer encourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers observe the old farmers that the tiny man discourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers observe the happy victims that the little man stimulates	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers remember the big aunts that the young athlete observes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers remember the big farmers that the huge uncle admires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers stimulate the large aunts that the ecstatic uncle admires	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers stimulate the happy friends that the big singer discourages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers stimulate the big victims that the huge boy understands	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers stimulate the small victims that the tiny carpenter engages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers understand the little athletes that the old singer remembers	plural	plural	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers understand the small poets that the happy girl admires	plural	plural	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers understand the huge singers that the sad girl stimulates	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers understand the sad uncles that the large aunt approves	plural	plural	singular	understands	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers understand the big women that the young athlete discourages	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small men admire the large carpenters that the young singer confuses	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful men admire the small friends that the large girl greets	plural	plural	singular	admires	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old men admire the happy friends that the big woman observes	plural	plural	singular	admires	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful men admire the large victims that the old doctor greets	plural	plural	singular	admires	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge men admire the ecstatic women that the little aunt knows	plural	plural	singular	admires	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men approve the huge friends that the miserable uncle confuses	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable men approve the little girls that the big mother admires	plural	plural	singular	approves	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny men approve the miserable girls that the little woman inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men avoid the large athletes that the sad singer confuses	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old men avoid the happy farmers that the huge kid observes	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men avoid the joyful poets that the small victim admires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful men confuse the young poets that the sad kid inspires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy men confuse the miserable teachers that the sad singer observes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable men criticize the little mothers that the huge carpenter greets	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old men criticize the sad teachers that the large athlete greets	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men discourage the small aunts that the happy kid remembers	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men discourage the ecstatic fathers that the large girl understands	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men encourage the tiny boys that the huge father greets	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men encourage the little fathers that the old mother understands	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men encourage the little kids that the joyful victim remembers	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young men engage the ecstatic athletes that the sad boy discourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men engage the miserable carpenters that the sad farmer admires	plural	plural	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men greet the tiny kids that the miserable teacher avoids	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men greet the big teachers that the happy guy admires	plural	plural	singular	greets	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small men inspire the miserable guys that the huge doctor stimulates	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable men inspire the sad poets that the joyful girl approves	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful men inspire the happy teachers that the big doctor knows	plural	plural	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable men inspire the happy teachers that the old singer approves	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old men know the sad boys that the happy teacher discourages	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men know the huge farmers that the tiny aunt understands	plural	plural	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny men know the huge uncles that the joyful carpenter criticizes	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men know the little victims that the large guy confuses	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young men observe the happy boys that the tiny aunt greets	plural	plural	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy men observe the big friends that the huge victim discourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny men observe the small lawyers that the young father avoids	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men observe the tiny women that the happy girl approves	plural	plural	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable men remember the large athletes that the ecstatic girl greets	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men remember the small aunts that the tiny farmer confuses	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men remember the small fathers that the sad girl inspires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny men remember the joyful uncles that the ecstatic friend admires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men remember the large women that the ecstatic father approves	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful men stimulate the young friends that the small teacher approves	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big men stimulate the old singers that the tiny friend avoids	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young men understand the joyful fathers that the sad carpenter engages	plural	plural	singular	understands	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men understand the sad friends that the small boy greets	plural	plural	singular	understands	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men understand the small singers that the huge aunt confuses	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy men understand the ecstatic uncles that the large kid avoids	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers admire the joyful fathers that the young aunt remembers	plural	plural	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers admire the huge guys that the large doctor observes	plural	plural	singular	admires	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers approve the young poets that the miserable guy observes	plural	plural	singular	approves	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mothers approve the happy poets that the small man confuses	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers avoid the small athletes that the miserable aunt confuses	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers avoid the large athletes that the big lawyer observes	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers avoid the small boys that the happy lawyer observes	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers avoid the tiny guys that the little lawyer stimulates	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers confuse the little fathers that the large kid knows	plural	plural	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers confuse the big women that the large poet approves	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers criticize the little farmers that the huge kid admires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mothers criticize the ecstatic kids that the big teacher greets	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers discourage the tiny boys that the happy man greets	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers discourage the joyful doctors that the huge friend engages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers discourage the miserable doctors that the old kid admires	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers discourage the huge singers that the ecstatic boy avoids	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mothers discourage the tiny uncles that the ecstatic woman greets	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mothers encourage the small aunts that the old man confuses	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers encourage the happy friends that the tiny teacher criticizes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers encourage the young kids that the sad singer approves	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers encourage the young men that the old aunt greets	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers engage the small doctors that the large girl knows	plural	plural	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mothers engage the young fathers that the small singer encourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers engage the miserable singers that the large father confuses	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mothers greet the old athletes that the happy girl stimulates	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mothers greet the joyful carpenters that the young man discourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers greet the tiny farmers that the huge father engages	plural	plural	singular	greets	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers greet the huge girls that the big athlete inspires	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers inspire the big women that the small aunt discourages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers know the joyful boys that the sad uncle remembers	plural	plural	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers observe the miserable carpenters that the ecstatic farmer avoids	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mothers observe the huge lawyers that the sad aunt stimulates	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mothers remember the old athletes that the small teacher engages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers remember the big kids that the miserable woman confuses	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers stimulate the huge women that the joyful farmer understands	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers understand the young boys that the old girl encourages	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers understand the ecstatic doctors that the happy singer engages	plural	plural	singular	understands	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers understand the old farmers that the big kid confuses	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers understand the large girls that the old aunt encourages	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers understand the sad guys that the large aunt discourages	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mothers understand the miserable lawyers that the tiny kid remembers	plural	plural	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers understand the small poets that the miserable victim remembers	plural	plural	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poets admire the joyful lawyers that the young guy greets	plural	plural	singular	admires	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poets admire the big mothers that the sad teacher criticizes	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poets approve the little farmers that the sad guy criticizes	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poets approve the joyful lawyers that the sad man criticizes	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poets approve the miserable men that the joyful uncle avoids	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets avoid the old fathers that the tiny doctor greets	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets avoid the old girls that the happy uncle admires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets avoid the joyful guys that the little teacher understands	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poets avoid the miserable singers that the little uncle remembers	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poets avoid the old teachers that the little uncle engages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets avoid the little teachers that the happy woman remembers	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets confuse the sad athletes that the large lawyer knows	plural	plural	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets confuse the huge aunts that the small victim criticizes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets confuse the joyful girls that the big doctor observes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poets confuse the huge girls that the joyful man admires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets confuse the sad teachers that the joyful mother understands	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poets criticize the little doctors that the sad girl understands	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets criticize the big farmers that the happy athlete knows	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poets criticize the tiny guys that the joyful athlete knows	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poets criticize the joyful guys that the miserable mother understands	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets discourage the young mothers that the ecstatic carpenter inspires	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poets discourage the miserable singers that the little man understands	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poets discourage the joyful women that the big doctor engages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets encourage the little carpenters that the huge lawyer avoids	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets encourage the small girls that the tiny doctor criticizes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets encourage the joyful uncles that the miserable girl observes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets encourage the happy uncles that the large man knows	plural	plural	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets engage the young mothers that the happy aunt stimulates	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poets engage the small mothers that the miserable friend stimulates	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets greet the old carpenters that the young victim observes	plural	plural	singular	greets	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets greet the young farmers that the big uncle avoids	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poets greet the little fathers that the ecstatic lawyer confuses	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poets greet the huge singers that the small kid inspires	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets inspire the young athletes that the ecstatic woman stimulates	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets inspire the young guys that the sad aunt engages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poets inspire the happy singers that the joyful mother observes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poets inspire the young women that the joyful aunt understands	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets know the big uncles that the sad aunt confuses	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets observe the old friends that the big singer knows	plural	plural	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poets observe the big kids that the huge victim approves	plural	plural	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets observe the joyful singers that the ecstatic father understands	plural	plural	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poets remember the big athletes that the tiny victim observes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets remember the huge aunts that the tiny doctor approves	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets remember the small guys that the miserable aunt stimulates	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets stimulate the happy uncles that the old farmer approves	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poets understand the happy lawyers that the old woman encourages	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets understand the large singers that the young uncle discourages	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers admire the little guys that the small lawyer remembers	plural	plural	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers avoid the sad aunts that the tiny woman remembers	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singers avoid the huge kids that the sad guy discourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers avoid the joyful uncles that the old farmer admires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singers confuse the miserable athletes that the tiny kid admires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singers confuse the joyful boys that the old friend observes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers confuse the happy lawyers that the ecstatic athlete avoids	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers confuse the tiny lawyers that the small victim avoids	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers confuse the tiny men that the young poet criticizes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers criticize the young athletes that the little uncle knows	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers criticize the ecstatic doctors that the small athlete observes	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers criticize the ecstatic girls that the little victim engages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singers criticize the little teachers that the small aunt inspires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers discourage the young boys that the happy woman engages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers discourage the old friends that the little lawyer remembers	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers discourage the huge poets that the large girl understands	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singers encourage the happy carpenters that the sad poet avoids	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers encourage the young farmers that the miserable carpenter remembers	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singers encourage the tiny farmers that the young lawyer knows	plural	plural	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singers encourage the sad fathers that the big guy remembers	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers encourage the old girls that the sad guy engages	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singers encourage the huge kids that the big man inspires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers encourage the happy men that the big kid observes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers engage the small fathers that the huge lawyer remembers	plural	plural	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers engage the small girls that the happy aunt confuses	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singers engage the huge lawyers that the miserable father knows	plural	plural	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singers greet the sad carpenters that the big farmer engages	plural	plural	singular	greets	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers greet the sad kids that the small farmer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers greet the huge lawyers that the young friend approves	plural	plural	singular	greets	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers inspire the tiny aunts that the miserable woman remembers	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singers inspire the sad farmers that the happy carpenter confuses	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers know the large aunts that the ecstatic poet remembers	plural	plural	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singers know the happy farmers that the tiny mother encourages	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers know the small uncles that the ecstatic lawyer admires	plural	plural	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singers observe the big men that the old teacher understands	plural	plural	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers observe the tiny teachers that the large poet avoids	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers observe the huge women that the old teacher remembers	plural	plural	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers remember the joyful aunts that the small father observes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singers remember the tiny kids that the large doctor knows	plural	plural	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singers remember the big teachers that the sad girl encourages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singers stimulate the young boys that the old doctor approves	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers stimulate the small carpenters that the joyful mother approves	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers stimulate the large doctors that the sad teacher understands	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singers stimulate the young poets that the happy mother knows	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers stimulate the ecstatic women that the huge kid remembers	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers understand the young boys that the small carpenter inspires	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singers understand the sad victims that the old mother confuses	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teachers admire the old doctors that the young carpenter inspires	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teachers admire the ecstatic fathers that the small friend remembers	plural	plural	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers admire the huge fathers that the happy uncle criticizes	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers admire the large singers that the joyful doctor knows	plural	plural	singular	admires	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers approve the large aunts that the big father encourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teachers approve the happy friends that the big singer observes	plural	plural	singular	approves	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers approve the happy victims that the little friend encourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers avoid the big kids that the joyful aunt approves	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers avoid the miserable kids that the small girl inspires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers avoid the sad poets that the little farmer greets	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers confuse the ecstatic boys that the young poet engages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teachers confuse the happy girls that the miserable kid encourages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers criticize the young aunts that the old carpenter stimulates	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers criticize the ecstatic aunts that the young doctor remembers	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers criticize the miserable aunts that the little uncle greets	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers criticize the happy doctors that the joyful woman remembers	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teachers criticize the miserable farmers that the ecstatic lawyer discourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teachers criticize the little fathers that the happy guy knows	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers criticize the ecstatic girls that the big athlete remembers	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers discourage the happy poets that the little mother knows	plural	plural	singular	discourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers encourage the ecstatic girls that the happy singer knows	plural	plural	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers encourage the happy women that the miserable mother understands	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers engage the tiny athletes that the big farmer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teachers engage the young men that the happy kid greets	plural	plural	singular	engages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers engage the little women that the young carpenter approves	plural	plural	singular	engages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teachers engage the joyful women that the sad girl avoids	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers greet the ecstatic farmers that the small mother approves	plural	plural	singular	greets	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teachers greet the huge men that the ecstatic poet inspires	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teachers inspire the young boys that the tiny friend observes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers inspire the little friends that the happy guy admires	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teachers inspire the little men that the large victim observes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers inspire the huge poets that the old friend approves	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers inspire the huge uncles that the sad carpenter criticizes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teachers know the big aunts that the sad boy avoids	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers know the big aunts that the sad kid avoids	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teachers know the happy boys that the ecstatic victim engages	plural	plural	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers know the old lawyers that the small guy discourages	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers observe the large athletes that the small girl criticizes	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teachers observe the sad aunts that the large victim criticizes	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teachers observe the miserable boys that the happy carpenter greets	plural	plural	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers observe the large mothers that the sad singer remembers	plural	plural	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers observe the tiny singers that the sad friend greets	plural	plural	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teachers remember the big men that the small girl understands	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers remember the big uncles that the large poet greets	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers stimulate the miserable aunts that the happy poet approves	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers stimulate the miserable mothers that the young poet criticizes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers stimulate the ecstatic victims that the large girl greets	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers stimulate the big women that the small doctor remembers	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers understand the young boys that the big girl stimulates	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers understand the young carpenters that the small athlete inspires	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teachers understand the huge fathers that the big doctor avoids	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers understand the ecstatic men that the happy friend engages	plural	plural	singular	understands	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles admire the small friends that the happy carpenter confuses	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles admire the tiny friends that the small victim stimulates	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles admire the ecstatic girls that the joyful victim stimulates	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncles admire the miserable mothers that the old friend stimulates	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncles approve the little carpenters that the happy aunt discourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles approve the huge women that the happy doctor greets	plural	plural	singular	approves	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles avoid the large boys that the little teacher discourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles avoid the huge girls that the miserable aunt encourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles avoid the young guys that the joyful father engages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles avoid the happy poets that the young athlete discourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles avoid the happy poets that the ecstatic father knows	plural	plural	singular	avoids	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles confuse the miserable athletes that the joyful girl engages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles confuse the large aunts that the old doctor discourages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncles confuse the small girls that the miserable victim remembers	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncles criticize the happy kids that the ecstatic farmer stimulates	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles discourage the little victims that the small singer approves	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncles encourage the big boys that the sad friend admires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles encourage the young guys that the tiny victim remembers	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncles encourage the old men that the huge mother criticizes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles encourage the old mothers that the happy farmer approves	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncles encourage the young poets that the miserable mother approves	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles encourage the little victims that the miserable kid admires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncles engage the huge boys that the young carpenter discourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles engage the happy boys that the big woman observes	plural	plural	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncles engage the miserable doctors that the large victim inspires	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles engage the little men that the happy boy remembers	plural	plural	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles greet the old guys that the happy boy inspires	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles inspire the small teachers that the old father admires	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles know the old aunts that the big woman criticizes	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles know the miserable doctors that the huge farmer approves	plural	plural	singular	knows	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles know the small farmers that the happy mother engages	plural	plural	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncles know the tiny girls that the old victim observes	plural	plural	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles know the huge mothers that the young poet greets	plural	plural	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncles know the sad poets that the joyful farmer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles observe the little fathers that the large man avoids	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles observe the big men that the small kid knows	plural	plural	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles observe the miserable men that the little teacher avoids	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles observe the ecstatic mothers that the little father approves	plural	plural	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles remember the large boys that the sad victim greets	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles stimulate the joyful farmers that the little girl observes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncles understand the tiny guys that the little girl greets	plural	plural	singular	understands	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles understand the young kids that the small boy avoids	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victims admire the tiny girls that the happy teacher discourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims admire the young guys that the happy teacher criticizes	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims admire the joyful lawyers that the tiny friend inspires	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victims admire the big lawyers that the little guy encourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims approve the miserable women that the huge kid understands	plural	plural	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims confuse the huge kids that the young poet discourages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims confuse the ecstatic lawyers that the miserable boy discourages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims confuse the old mothers that the huge man inspires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims confuse the happy singers that the sad kid approves	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims confuse the miserable uncles that the huge friend greets	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victims confuse the ecstatic women that the small father approves	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims criticize the huge farmers that the joyful aunt confuses	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victims criticize the huge mothers that the large kid knows	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims criticize the miserable poets that the joyful girl stimulates	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims criticize the big women that the large farmer stimulates	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victims discourage the large athletes that the tiny man criticizes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victims discourage the large boys that the old woman observes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victims discourage the large poets that the joyful farmer approves	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victims encourage the miserable friends that the young woman inspires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victims encourage the large guys that the sad poet engages	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims encourage the happy teachers that the miserable boy confuses	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims engage the huge boys that the ecstatic singer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims engage the small farmers that the ecstatic girl remembers	plural	plural	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims engage the huge girls that the old boy confuses	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims greet the tiny athletes that the small boy engages	plural	plural	singular	greets	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victims greet the big athletes that the miserable kid engages	plural	plural	singular	greets	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims greet the huge athletes that the ecstatic man engages	plural	plural	singular	greets	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victims greet the big aunts that the ecstatic uncle inspires	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victims greet the huge doctors that the tiny boy encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims greet the big guys that the joyful friend knows	plural	plural	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims greet the small mothers that the miserable father avoids	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victims know the old guys that the small father inspires	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victims know the joyful lawyers that the big father remembers	plural	plural	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victims know the old mothers that the tiny athlete avoids	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victims know the ecstatic mothers that the miserable father approves	plural	plural	singular	knows	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims know the big poets that the little father remembers	plural	plural	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims know the small teachers that the little uncle observes	plural	plural	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims observe the huge uncles that the small teacher understands	plural	plural	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims remember the small athletes that the little guy confuses	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims remember the miserable carpenters that the ecstatic farmer admires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victims remember the miserable guys that the sad lawyer stimulates	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victims remember the joyful mothers that the miserable woman admires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victims remember the tiny women that the big guy avoids	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims stimulate the huge kids that the sad singer approves	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims stimulate the small teachers that the huge kid knows	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims understand the small teachers that the sad aunt knows	plural	plural	singular	understands	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large women admire the old uncles that the sad teacher approves	plural	plural	singular	admires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women approve the little boys that the young athlete admires	plural	plural	singular	approves	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women approve the joyful friends that the huge victim avoids	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women approve the ecstatic men that the tiny victim inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women approve the miserable singers that the small carpenter remembers	plural	plural	singular	approves	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy women approve the tiny uncles that the joyful girl inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women avoid the little aunts that the huge kid encourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women avoid the young boys that the huge singer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women avoid the young farmers that the huge uncle engages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy women avoid the large girls that the tiny father remembers	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women confuse the happy mothers that the old man admires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women criticize the miserable doctors that the happy aunt stimulates	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women criticize the young doctors that the big singer observes	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women criticize the happy farmers that the ecstatic girl admires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women criticize the large friends that the little carpenter remembers	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women criticize the miserable friends that the little man greets	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women criticize the miserable kids that the tiny mother greets	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy women discourage the joyful aunts that the large singer engages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women discourage the miserable carpenters that the huge athlete understands	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women discourage the young farmers that the large girl criticizes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge women discourage the little friends that the tiny girl criticizes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large women discourage the ecstatic girls that the tiny kid confuses	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women discourage the old singers that the large friend engages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women encourage the large kids that the small aunt greets	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women encourage the miserable men that the old mother avoids	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women engage the joyful aunts that the large victim stimulates	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women engage the ecstatic carpenters that the little man admires	plural	plural	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women engage the ecstatic doctors that the young girl confuses	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women engage the happy uncles that the old carpenter inspires	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women greet the small aunts that the young father observes	plural	plural	singular	greets	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women greet the happy carpenters that the joyful farmer understands	plural	plural	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women greet the miserable farmers that the joyful athlete stimulates	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large women greet the old farmers that the big girl knows	plural	plural	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women greet the happy men that the young farmer encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women greet the young poets that the old victim confuses	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women inspire the tiny athletes that the huge lawyer avoids	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge women inspire the miserable aunts that the old girl admires	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women inspire the small farmers that the large boy avoids	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women inspire the happy friends that the huge doctor understands	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women inspire the little lawyers that the huge uncle remembers	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge women inspire the miserable mothers that the joyful doctor criticizes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women know the young athletes that the ecstatic poet observes	plural	plural	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge women know the old athletes that the ecstatic singer remembers	plural	plural	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women know the ecstatic aunts that the little farmer inspires	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women know the miserable doctors that the big boy approves	plural	plural	singular	knows	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women observe the small farmers that the huge friend engages	plural	plural	singular	observes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women observe the small friends that the joyful athlete engages	plural	plural	singular	observes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women observe the ecstatic singers that the large athlete admires	plural	plural	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young women observe the little teachers that the sad man avoids	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women observe the tiny teachers that the joyful man discourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women observe the ecstatic teachers that the little singer encourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy women observe the sad uncles that the little singer encourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge women remember the joyful lawyers that the sad kid criticizes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women remember the happy lawyers that the miserable singer knows	plural	plural	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge women remember the tiny men that the joyful mother observes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women remember the happy poets that the miserable mother discourages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women stimulate the tiny athletes that the miserable boy remembers	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women stimulate the large carpenters that the happy lawyer encourages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large women stimulate the huge kids that the young teacher understands	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women stimulate the joyful mothers that the ecstatic lawyer approves	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy women stimulate the miserable poets that the big kid observes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women stimulate the huge teachers that the happy guy criticizes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women stimulate the tiny uncles that the large poet engages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women understand the huge aunts that the little lawyer encourages	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women understand the sad guys that the tiny singer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women understand the small poets that the ecstatic singer inspires	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women understand the sad uncles that the young aunt admires	plural	plural	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athletes admire the old carpenters that the happy doctors encourage	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athletes admire the sad girls that the big men understand	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes admire the huge mothers that the little singers understand	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athletes approve the happy farmers that the joyful doctors greet	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes approve the large teachers that the little aunts discourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athletes approve the happy teachers that the young kids confuse	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes approve the little women that the sad guys admire	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athletes avoid the young farmers that the old uncles understand	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes avoid the miserable poets that the happy kids approve	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athletes avoid the small singers that the little guys remember	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes confuse the large boys that the big fathers engage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes confuse the sad girls that the old aunts avoid	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes confuse the young kids that the tiny guys criticize	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athletes confuse the tiny mothers that the old aunts discourage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes confuse the sad uncles that the happy kids greet	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athletes criticize the tiny kids that the little women stimulate	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes criticize the tiny lawyers that the large doctors avoid	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes criticize the small women that the huge carpenters engage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes discourage the sad mothers that the ecstatic teachers approve	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athletes discourage the young uncles that the little teachers engage	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athletes encourage the large aunts that the miserable women confuse	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athletes encourage the small friends that the ecstatic carpenters criticize	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes encourage the large girls that the miserable lawyers know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes encourage the small singers that the big farmers observe	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athletes encourage the young women that the small lawyers avoid	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athletes engage the joyful aunts that the miserable girls understand	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes engage the huge boys that the big girls avoid	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes engage the huge carpenters that the tiny uncles understand	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athletes engage the sad men that the old carpenters approve	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes inspire the ecstatic lawyers that the tiny girls admire	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes inspire the little mothers that the big victims remember	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes observe the tiny lawyers that the little doctors admire	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes observe the ecstatic men that the joyful girls stimulate	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athletes observe the tiny singers that the small friends stimulate	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes observe the little victims that the big poets remember	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athletes remember the big carpenters that the happy girls inspire	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes remember the large doctors that the tiny uncles inspire	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes remember the ecstatic mothers that the young uncles know	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athletes remember the small singers that the joyful victims know	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athletes stimulate the sad kids that the little uncles understand	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athletes stimulate the huge poets that the miserable guys approve	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athletes stimulate the joyful singers that the ecstatic lawyers criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athletes understand the joyful lawyers that the happy fathers encourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes understand the ecstatic women that the young kids admire	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts admire the sad boys that the tiny guys remember	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts admire the young boys that the small victims know	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts admire the tiny fathers that the huge uncles understand	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts admire the young friends that the huge guys remember	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts approve the large doctors that the huge teachers engage	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunts approve the ecstatic victims that the tiny teachers criticize	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunts approve the ecstatic women that the small mothers confuse	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts avoid the tiny men that the happy teachers approve	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts avoid the joyful uncles that the tiny guys engage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunts avoid the ecstatic women that the old carpenters discourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts criticize the tiny boys that the old fathers admire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts criticize the young boys that the tiny victims avoid	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunts criticize the happy victims that the little athletes avoid	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts discourage the huge doctors that the big uncles encourage	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts discourage the little lawyers that the small victims remember	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts discourage the happy singers that the tiny teachers understand	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts discourage the old uncles that the small poets admire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts discourage the happy women that the big farmers admire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts encourage the joyful doctors that the ecstatic men inspire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts encourage the sad singers that the young kids observe	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts engage the joyful men that the huge lawyers observe	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts engage the big mothers that the sad farmers remember	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts engage the miserable singers that the tiny kids know	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunts inspire the tiny farmers that the miserable friends engage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts inspire the ecstatic farmers that the little men avoid	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts inspire the old lawyers that the tiny guys observe	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunts inspire the happy mothers that the young athletes encourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts inspire the large singers that the tiny teachers know	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts know the joyful guys that the huge victims discourage	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts know the sad lawyers that the small athletes discourage	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts observe the huge athletes that the large boys encourage	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts observe the miserable kids that the happy teachers understand	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts observe the young lawyers that the sad women greet	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts observe the small men that the little friends approve	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts observe the huge men that the big mothers greet	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts observe the young victims that the joyful kids criticize	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts remember the big doctors that the joyful girls greet	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunts remember the huge farmers that the tiny athletes avoid	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts remember the ecstatic guys that the joyful friends criticize	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts remember the large mothers that the little doctors approve	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts remember the large uncles that the ecstatic singers know	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts stimulate the huge farmers that the miserable friends remember	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts stimulate the miserable guys that the young friends greet	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunts stimulate the huge poets that the old women discourage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts stimulate the ecstatic singers that the small poets confuse	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts understand the large lawyers that the big carpenters remember	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunts understand the little teachers that the small farmers encourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts understand the young women that the huge fathers remember	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys admire the sad doctors that the huge farmers engage	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys admire the tiny doctors that the miserable uncles engage	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys approve the happy victims that the old men remember	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boys avoid the joyful aunts that the little friends criticize	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boys avoid the happy fathers that the sad poets remember	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boys avoid the miserable kids that the young doctors approve	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boys avoid the young men that the small fathers observe	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys confuse the little friends that the tiny mothers engage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boys confuse the young lawyers that the happy aunts observe	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boys criticize the small friends that the happy men inspire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys criticize the sad girls that the old lawyers admire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys criticize the miserable guys that the sad kids remember	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys criticize the ecstatic women that the small kids understand	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys discourage the small carpenters that the big uncles know	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boys discourage the small girls that the old singers engage	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys discourage the small singers that the sad kids approve	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boys discourage the old women that the large athletes know	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys encourage the little teachers that the joyful men observe	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys encourage the tiny women that the happy friends know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys engage the young fathers that the small doctors discourage	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys engage the miserable fathers that the old victims inspire	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys engage the miserable guys that the old women greet	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys engage the sad kids that the joyful victims stimulate	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boys engage the sad mothers that the happy farmers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys greet the old athletes that the sad women remember	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys greet the old mothers that the happy lawyers criticize	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys greet the sad victims that the old carpenters know	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys inspire the joyful mothers that the happy doctors confuse	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys know the tiny athletes that the sad friends engage	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys know the huge fathers that the miserable doctors engage	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys know the large kids that the young athletes stimulate	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys know the little victims that the tiny friends approve	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys know the large women that the old lawyers engage	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys know the huge women that the ecstatic men admire	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boys observe the sad farmers that the miserable mothers admire	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boys observe the large men that the huge singers remember	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boys observe the little teachers that the ecstatic carpenters inspire	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boys observe the miserable teachers that the large lawyers remember	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys remember the miserable girls that the happy aunts understand	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boys remember the large women that the sad aunts criticize	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boys stimulate the small carpenters that the big uncles avoid	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys understand the miserable lawyers that the large doctors inspire	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys understand the old lawyers that the big victims discourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys understand the young victims that the small girls encourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys understand the young women that the old carpenters admire	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters admire the happy boys that the ecstatic friends approve	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters admire the big lawyers that the miserable girls confuse	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters admire the large victims that the joyful uncles observe	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters admire the little victims that the tiny women confuse	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters approve the young doctors that the little boys greet	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters approve the ecstatic singers that the sad teachers confuse	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters avoid the ecstatic kids that the huge singers discourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters confuse the big doctors that the old singers understand	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters confuse the small girls that the little fathers engage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters confuse the joyful poets that the huge women greet	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters confuse the joyful victims that the tiny aunts criticize	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters criticize the sad aunts that the young guys engage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters criticize the large boys that the big singers remember	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters criticize the ecstatic fathers that the large aunts confuse	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters criticize the ecstatic girls that the old friends approve	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters criticize the happy kids that the young singers encourage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters discourage the large girls that the small victims engage	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters discourage the small lawyers that the old mothers observe	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters discourage the huge poets that the miserable girls understand	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters encourage the large girls that the miserable singers criticize	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters encourage the miserable poets that the joyful girls confuse	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters engage the small boys that the miserable guys confuse	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters engage the sad fathers that the small mothers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters engage the ecstatic guys that the huge fathers understand	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters engage the young uncles that the miserable victims remember	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters greet the happy doctors that the ecstatic fathers know	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters greet the huge fathers that the tiny guys avoid	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters greet the ecstatic uncles that the young victims discourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters inspire the old athletes that the miserable teachers admire	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters inspire the small kids that the sad lawyers engage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters know the big boys that the old doctors criticize	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters know the young friends that the joyful farmers confuse	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters know the happy friends that the joyful mothers avoid	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters know the little women that the joyful uncles avoid	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters observe the little singers that the ecstatic athletes remember	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters remember the old guys that the big boys stimulate	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters remember the happy mothers that the big poets observe	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters remember the happy poets that the young girls engage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters understand the tiny singers that the little poets stimulate	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctors admire the sad boys that the joyful guys greet	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors admire the miserable carpenters that the sad kids approve	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors approve the small friends that the large teachers confuse	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors avoid the young victims that the huge boys stimulate	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctors avoid the little victims that the large poets observe	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors confuse the young women that the happy singers encourage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors criticize the joyful boys that the little carpenters understand	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctors criticize the young guys that the big men observe	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors criticize the little women that the happy poets discourage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors discourage the small boys that the sad friends encourage	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctors discourage the ecstatic carpenters that the tiny fathers remember	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors discourage the joyful fathers that the young boys stimulate	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors discourage the little kids that the sad athletes encourage	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors discourage the young kids that the ecstatic farmers know	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctors discourage the happy mothers that the miserable singers greet	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors discourage the little women that the ecstatic men inspire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors encourage the huge athletes that the joyful fathers engage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors encourage the miserable carpenters that the ecstatic singers admire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors encourage the tiny guys that the joyful aunts inspire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors encourage the ecstatic kids that the young aunts remember	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors encourage the happy poets that the joyful athletes stimulate	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors encourage the tiny poets that the small guys greet	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors engage the miserable fathers that the old carpenters know	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctors engage the huge fathers that the little uncles know	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors engage the large friends that the young farmers remember	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctors engage the young men that the miserable farmers observe	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors greet the old guys that the small athletes approve	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors greet the young poets that the huge farmers admire	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors greet the tiny uncles that the ecstatic friends observe	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors greet the small women that the old poets approve	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors inspire the happy fathers that the large aunts criticize	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors inspire the little women that the large mothers remember	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors inspire the large women that the huge poets encourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors know the big athletes that the happy lawyers admire	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors know the happy poets that the tiny carpenters admire	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors know the old uncles that the little aunts observe	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors know the large uncles that the miserable men confuse	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors know the big uncles that the old singers remember	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors observe the old boys that the happy men remember	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors observe the huge boys that the miserable teachers confuse	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors observe the sad uncles that the little boys inspire	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors remember the large fathers that the big singers observe	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors remember the happy friends that the tiny uncles admire	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors stimulate the tiny carpenters that the large fathers encourage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors stimulate the ecstatic carpenters that the happy girls approve	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors stimulate the small poets that the tiny mothers remember	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors stimulate the happy teachers that the little farmers encourage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctors stimulate the big victims that the happy boys criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors understand the ecstatic aunts that the old athletes discourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors understand the joyful aunts that the sad farmers encourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors understand the happy fathers that the small men observe	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctors understand the huge guys that the little fathers admire	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors understand the happy guys that the huge mothers encourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors understand the large kids that the little girls greet	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors understand the ecstatic mothers that the tiny victims criticize	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors understand the miserable uncles that the happy girls avoid	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors understand the little women that the old kids remember	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers admire the ecstatic men that the old lawyers discourage	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers admire the little uncles that the happy athletes avoid	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers approve the young athletes that the little girls understand	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers approve the happy aunts that the large boys admire	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmers approve the joyful friends that the little boys understand	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmers approve the happy guys that the big aunts know	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers approve the large singers that the old guys discourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmers avoid the joyful carpenters that the small fathers remember	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers avoid the big men that the tiny uncles confuse	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers avoid the huge mothers that the large aunts know	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers confuse the tiny boys that the small lawyers admire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers confuse the small singers that the tiny women criticize	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmers criticize the ecstatic aunts that the tiny guys engage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers criticize the ecstatic carpenters that the large poets admire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers criticize the big fathers that the tiny poets greet	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers criticize the young lawyers that the happy friends understand	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers criticize the old mothers that the huge doctors confuse	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers discourage the small athletes that the big boys confuse	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers discourage the old girls that the happy kids observe	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers discourage the joyful mothers that the large friends understand	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers encourage the large athletes that the huge poets greet	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers encourage the big aunts that the ecstatic guys know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers encourage the big kids that the miserable women avoid	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmers encourage the tiny uncles that the small carpenters avoid	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers encourage the big victims that the tiny poets remember	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers engage the old athletes that the big mothers greet	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmers engage the large girls that the huge fathers approve	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers engage the ecstatic singers that the huge friends avoid	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers engage the big teachers that the joyful mothers inspire	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers greet the huge carpenters that the sad fathers admire	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers greet the large carpenters that the miserable fathers understand	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmers greet the young guys that the tiny men observe	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers greet the old teachers that the young mothers admire	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers inspire the little guys that the happy friends observe	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers inspire the old poets that the small friends encourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers inspire the miserable poets that the young mothers engage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers inspire the little victims that the old carpenters understand	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers know the large athletes that the little men encourage	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmers know the old fathers that the young women admire	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers know the big friends that the tiny lawyers encourage	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers know the ecstatic lawyers that the big fathers approve	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers know the young men that the tiny poets admire	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmers observe the large athletes that the tiny girls know	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers observe the old boys that the tiny victims encourage	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers observe the old girls that the small teachers understand	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers observe the small guys that the large girls know	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers observe the small victims that the ecstatic men stimulate	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers remember the small athletes that the big victims approve	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers remember the large men that the old carpenters greet	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers remember the miserable mothers that the old singers greet	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers stimulate the ecstatic carpenters that the big kids greet	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers stimulate the joyful doctors that the miserable kids observe	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers understand the ecstatic lawyers that the miserable men criticize	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers understand the young poets that the tiny kids inspire	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers understand the happy singers that the large boys discourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmers understand the young teachers that the miserable men criticize	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers understand the happy women that the miserable poets know	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers admire the old boys that the tiny poets engage	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers admire the joyful teachers that the happy farmers know	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers admire the huge victims that the joyful singers approve	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers approve the joyful aunts that the huge friends encourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers approve the small aunts that the miserable women admire	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small fathers approve the little teachers that the big mothers greet	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers approve the big victims that the tiny kids encourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers approve the tiny women that the little mothers confuse	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers avoid the joyful friends that the old boys remember	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers avoid the huge teachers that the young guys greet	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big fathers confuse the young athletes that the sad poets inspire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers confuse the tiny boys that the joyful mothers encourage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers confuse the ecstatic men that the happy aunts remember	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big fathers criticize the huge farmers that the ecstatic uncles avoid	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers criticize the small teachers that the happy aunts discourage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers discourage the huge farmers that the big aunts inspire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers discourage the happy kids that the little teachers understand	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers discourage the happy women that the joyful guys remember	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers encourage the joyful farmers that the large boys know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big fathers encourage the huge friends that the sad mothers inspire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers encourage the small girls that the huge victims observe	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers encourage the joyful men that the small boys understand	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young fathers engage the happy teachers that the small farmers understand	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers engage the small uncles that the miserable teachers inspire	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers greet the tiny athletes that the little teachers know	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers greet the big guys that the tiny men stimulate	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers greet the miserable women that the big boys stimulate	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large fathers inspire the tiny boys that the little women greet	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers know the miserable aunts that the sad doctors discourage	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large fathers know the joyful doctors that the big teachers understand	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers observe the small boys that the miserable victims approve	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers observe the big carpenters that the miserable victims greet	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers observe the large doctors that the young athletes encourage	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big fathers observe the huge girls that the joyful friends avoid	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little fathers observe the happy lawyers that the small kids remember	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little fathers observe the happy lawyers that the tiny men engage	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers observe the small women that the miserable uncles engage	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers remember the tiny doctors that the big poets admire	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers remember the happy girls that the joyful athletes confuse	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers stimulate the young carpenters that the joyful uncles remember	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers stimulate the miserable poets that the old doctors greet	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little fathers stimulate the ecstatic uncles that the big victims greet	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers understand the small farmers that the large singers approve	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big fathers understand the miserable singers that the small farmers confuse	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers understand the big victims that the small uncles encourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends admire the old lawyers that the big fathers confuse	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friends admire the joyful men that the huge boys approve	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends admire the little men that the tiny women encourage	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends admire the tiny mothers that the big guys know	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends approve the miserable teachers that the little mothers admire	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends approve the big victims that the tiny mothers encourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friends avoid the happy athletes that the big uncles encourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friends avoid the big carpenters that the tiny fathers observe	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends avoid the joyful doctors that the ecstatic singers engage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends avoid the miserable teachers that the happy farmers observe	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friends avoid the joyful uncles that the huge poets know	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends confuse the tiny athletes that the old teachers understand	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friends confuse the big boys that the miserable athletes avoid	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends confuse the old doctors that the young poets remember	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friends confuse the small singers that the sad fathers criticize	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friends criticize the large boys that the small aunts avoid	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friends criticize the miserable lawyers that the huge girls avoid	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friends criticize the young mothers that the small poets approve	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends discourage the happy carpenters that the old athletes stimulate	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends discourage the ecstatic mothers that the big poets avoid	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends encourage the little aunts that the small girls observe	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friends encourage the happy victims that the small singers observe	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends engage the ecstatic fathers that the huge boys understand	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends engage the miserable fathers that the happy kids approve	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends engage the joyful kids that the ecstatic uncles admire	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends greet the huge boys that the old singers remember	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends greet the tiny doctors that the small men admire	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friends greet the tiny kids that the big carpenters know	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends greet the big kids that the joyful men remember	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends inspire the huge athletes that the tiny aunts greet	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friends inspire the miserable men that the sad fathers encourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friends inspire the little singers that the young athletes approve	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends inspire the miserable victims that the big carpenters admire	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friends inspire the sad women that the miserable victims confuse	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends know the joyful fathers that the big aunts approve	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friends know the old girls that the sad mothers remember	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends know the ecstatic poets that the big girls approve	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friends observe the tiny athletes that the small singers encourage	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends observe the large doctors that the miserable athletes engage	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends observe the miserable mothers that the old farmers confuse	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friends observe the ecstatic singers that the large victims remember	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends observe the large women that the ecstatic lawyers know	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends remember the small girls that the miserable lawyers know	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friends remember the sad singers that the young teachers confuse	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friends stimulate the large girls that the ecstatic women admire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friends understand the joyful athletes that the little boys remember	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends understand the huge carpenters that the miserable aunts encourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls admire the old carpenters that the miserable guys greet	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girls admire the miserable friends that the large singers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls admire the young teachers that the small men engage	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls approve the small fathers that the sad athletes know	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girls approve the tiny men that the young guys discourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls approve the little men that the small uncles inspire	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls approve the sad uncles that the ecstatic farmers confuse	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls avoid the big boys that the miserable kids greet	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls avoid the large doctors that the huge men criticize	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls avoid the large farmers that the small athletes understand	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls avoid the large lawyers that the joyful aunts criticize	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls confuse the miserable aunts that the sad poets know	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls confuse the ecstatic carpenters that the large singers discourage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls confuse the young men that the little singers approve	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girls confuse the sad singers that the tiny aunts stimulate	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls criticize the big guys that the sad uncles engage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls discourage the young aunts that the old lawyers observe	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls discourage the tiny farmers that the large guys confuse	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls discourage the happy fathers that the big women criticize	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls discourage the little mothers that the happy singers remember	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girls encourage the huge friends that the miserable boys observe	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls encourage the young friends that the sad kids admire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girls encourage the sad victims that the happy women confuse	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girls engage the small boys that the joyful poets inspire	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls greet the large athletes that the miserable singers admire	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girls greet the large friends that the tiny poets inspire	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls greet the little singers that the old mothers engage	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls greet the young teachers that the little lawyers admire	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls greet the big uncles that the ecstatic women criticize	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls inspire the huge aunts that the joyful poets criticize	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls inspire the happy friends that the miserable women remember	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls inspire the little uncles that the ecstatic fathers greet	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girls know the ecstatic teachers that the small friends inspire	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls know the miserable women that the joyful men inspire	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls observe the miserable boys that the happy guys understand	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girls observe the old farmers that the big athletes admire	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girls observe the large women that the little singers criticize	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls remember the large boys that the tiny uncles understand	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girls remember the large friends that the little women criticize	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls remember the little singers that the sad men approve	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girls remember the large victims that the little lawyers avoid	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls stimulate the big carpenters that the old uncles avoid	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girls stimulate the small kids that the huge friends discourage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girls stimulate the old men that the large boys understand	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls stimulate the happy men that the tiny doctors criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls stimulate the large women that the happy farmers avoid	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls understand the ecstatic doctors that the joyful lawyers admire	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls understand the huge friends that the joyful guys remember	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys admire the joyful doctors that the ecstatic fathers understand	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys approve the huge athletes that the large girls confuse	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys approve the tiny lawyers that the huge farmers criticize	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys approve the small mothers that the happy kids inspire	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guys approve the little uncles that the joyful doctors stimulate	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys avoid the miserable boys that the ecstatic lawyers inspire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guys avoid the young friends that the ecstatic carpenters understand	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guys avoid the joyful girls that the large lawyers admire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guys avoid the old poets that the happy farmers observe	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys avoid the large victims that the tiny mothers engage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys avoid the big women that the sad doctors stimulate	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys confuse the old fathers that the sad aunts observe	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys confuse the happy friends that the joyful lawyers admire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guys confuse the large girls that the miserable women encourage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys criticize the ecstatic athletes that the large friends avoid	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guys criticize the miserable athletes that the old men greet	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys discourage the happy boys that the little lawyers remember	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys discourage the old teachers that the small mothers remember	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guys encourage the miserable doctors that the joyful farmers admire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guys encourage the small girls that the happy aunts avoid	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guys encourage the small poets that the joyful carpenters admire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guys encourage the small teachers that the tiny farmers inspire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys encourage the huge uncles that the young aunts observe	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guys engage the little aunts that the old girls avoid	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guys engage the tiny boys that the little teachers remember	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys engage the little farmers that the sad doctors greet	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys engage the large fathers that the little boys criticize	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guys engage the ecstatic fathers that the big boys stimulate	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guys engage the small teachers that the big kids remember	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys greet the huge lawyers that the joyful farmers criticize	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys greet the tiny men that the young women criticize	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys greet the joyful mothers that the happy singers engage	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys greet the ecstatic teachers that the happy poets remember	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guys inspire the little kids that the old men understand	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guys inspire the miserable mothers that the little farmers observe	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guys know the big men that the ecstatic carpenters confuse	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guys know the tiny men that the happy kids admire	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys observe the young boys that the happy aunts remember	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guys observe the big boys that the ecstatic kids stimulate	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys observe the happy girls that the little aunts admire	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys observe the happy kids that the large doctors know	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guys remember the happy farmers that the ecstatic doctors criticize	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guys remember the old mothers that the little fathers criticize	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guys remember the large victims that the old uncles avoid	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys stimulate the big fathers that the little doctors understand	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys stimulate the ecstatic friends that the young teachers confuse	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys stimulate the huge girls that the big athletes understand	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys stimulate the joyful kids that the huge men understand	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guys understand the small girls that the little boys observe	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guys understand the little poets that the tiny fathers observe	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guys understand the happy uncles that the small girls admire	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kids admire the big carpenters that the sad boys avoid	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids admire the young lawyers that the joyful carpenters know	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids admire the small uncles that the young boys stimulate	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kids approve the miserable athletes that the sad mothers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kids approve the joyful boys that the miserable farmers greet	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kids avoid the miserable friends that the tiny doctors confuse	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kids avoid the ecstatic mothers that the small doctors understand	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kids avoid the young mothers that the old poets stimulate	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids confuse the big carpenters that the small friends understand	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kids confuse the little farmers that the large friends understand	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids confuse the little uncles that the sad girls observe	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kids criticize the happy friends that the old teachers approve	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids criticize the old poets that the large fathers avoid	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids criticize the small women that the young aunts approve	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kids discourage the happy carpenters that the joyful athletes remember	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids discourage the huge men that the sad athletes engage	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids encourage the old doctors that the sad uncles admire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kids encourage the miserable mothers that the large singers admire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids encourage the tiny singers that the joyful friends approve	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids encourage the big victims that the old uncles confuse	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kids engage the young doctors that the little fathers criticize	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kids engage the big farmers that the large athletes approve	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kids engage the big farmers that the happy men avoid	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kids engage the joyful men that the little teachers greet	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kids engage the tiny mothers that the little guys admire	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids engage the large mothers that the sad victims stimulate	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids engage the huge singers that the young teachers approve	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids greet the happy doctors that the big guys stimulate	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids greet the tiny farmers that the big boys inspire	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kids greet the ecstatic poets that the huge women encourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kids inspire the large boys that the ecstatic farmers avoid	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids inspire the joyful boys that the old singers confuse	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids inspire the tiny uncles that the small men encourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids know the big aunts that the sad doctors admire	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids know the huge guys that the miserable athletes discourage	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids observe the huge singers that the sad women criticize	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids remember the ecstatic farmers that the little athletes engage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids remember the old fathers that the huge uncles stimulate	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids remember the small men that the big singers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kids remember the little teachers that the ecstatic doctors greet	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids stimulate the old aunts that the tiny lawyers remember	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kids stimulate the ecstatic friends that the young fathers discourage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kids stimulate the joyful lawyers that the big women inspire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids understand the happy boys that the ecstatic teachers inspire	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids understand the big carpenters that the young farmers approve	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids understand the ecstatic girls that the little lawyers greet	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers admire the joyful athletes that the young kids confuse	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers admire the little aunts that the sad farmers avoid	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers admire the sad farmers that the joyful aunts remember	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers admire the miserable farmers that the big fathers know	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers admire the joyful farmers that the small women know	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers admire the ecstatic kids that the little uncles engage	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers admire the young victims that the joyful guys engage	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers approve the old girls that the large kids admire	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers approve the old kids that the large singers confuse	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers approve the old kids that the happy victims criticize	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers approve the young women that the huge men confuse	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers avoid the joyful athletes that the sad women understand	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers avoid the sad farmers that the huge girls stimulate	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers avoid the young fathers that the big aunts understand	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers avoid the tiny friends that the happy aunts engage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers avoid the happy kids that the sad farmers approve	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers avoid the little kids that the happy women observe	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers avoid the old poets that the miserable friends discourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers avoid the small teachers that the happy doctors remember	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers confuse the tiny boys that the big farmers inspire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers confuse the miserable poets that the young victims avoid	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers criticize the large teachers that the young singers remember	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers discourage the old fathers that the large victims understand	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers discourage the happy guys that the tiny doctors admire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers discourage the large victims that the sad men remember	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers encourage the huge carpenters that the little friends engage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers encourage the small doctors that the miserable women confuse	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers encourage the sad men that the joyful uncles approve	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers engage the huge girls that the young victims confuse	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers greet the little doctors that the young carpenters criticize	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers greet the little friends that the sad singers discourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers greet the small girls that the little aunts approve	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers know the young boys that the tiny teachers criticize	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers know the miserable uncles that the old poets greet	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers observe the tiny athletes that the old boys encourage	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers observe the joyful friends that the tiny kids remember	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers observe the big mothers that the old singers know	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers observe the ecstatic singers that the sad carpenters inspire	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers remember the young boys that the big carpenters criticize	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers remember the small carpenters that the tiny farmers avoid	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers stimulate the old farmers that the small aunts criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers stimulate the miserable friends that the ecstatic aunts approve	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers stimulate the miserable uncles that the big kids engage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers stimulate the happy victims that the sad teachers observe	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers understand the joyful boys that the ecstatic poets inspire	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers understand the huge boys that the miserable uncles avoid	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers understand the tiny friends that the old girls approve	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers understand the huge friends that the joyful teachers admire	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers understand the small guys that the little boys inspire	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers understand the joyful teachers that the small kids know	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy men admire the ecstatic fathers that the old teachers remember	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable men approve the ecstatic teachers that the joyful kids criticize	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men approve the big women that the small boys criticize	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge men avoid the young farmers that the joyful singers engage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men avoid the joyful farmers that the tiny uncles observe	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young men avoid the huge singers that the big carpenters engage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men confuse the old doctors that the small boys approve	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old men confuse the tiny farmers that the large carpenters discourage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men confuse the miserable kids that the little doctors encourage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men confuse the small uncles that the large doctors approve	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny men confuse the little victims that the happy girls discourage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men criticize the huge uncles that the old aunts understand	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old men criticize the small women that the ecstatic uncles stimulate	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men discourage the miserable doctors that the large victims confuse	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful men discourage the sad girls that the huge friends confuse	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men discourage the little girls that the huge singers engage	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big men discourage the happy guys that the large mothers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young men discourage the small uncles that the joyful victims admire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men discourage the young victims that the old mothers avoid	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge men discourage the sad women that the joyful aunts approve	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny men encourage the ecstatic guys that the huge victims discourage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men encourage the joyful kids that the happy girls remember	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men encourage the huge uncles that the big fathers avoid	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny men engage the little athletes that the sad lawyers criticize	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men engage the huge boys that the joyful athletes greet	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men engage the ecstatic farmers that the big friends admire	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men engage the little mothers that the huge carpenters admire	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men greet the joyful aunts that the big kids criticize	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy men greet the joyful boys that the sad teachers observe	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men greet the joyful fathers that the huge friends understand	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old men greet the tiny poets that the big singers engage	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy men greet the joyful singers that the large doctors admire	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy men greet the little singers that the big guys avoid	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small men greet the old women that the joyful doctors stimulate	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big men inspire the huge athletes that the large teachers confuse	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable men inspire the large teachers that the big victims know	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny men know the big boys that the large fathers engage	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable men know the young doctors that the happy singers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men know the old girls that the joyful teachers confuse	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable men know the young guys that the tiny friends admire	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy men know the ecstatic guys that the young lawyers engage	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny men know the small guys that the sad singers encourage	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men know the large victims that the small guys encourage	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small men know the sad women that the old athletes encourage	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable men observe the huge friends that the tiny girls discourage	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small men observe the old poets that the large boys discourage	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old men observe the small poets that the little boys greet	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge men remember the large athletes that the big farmers engage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men stimulate the old boys that the joyful farmers understand	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men stimulate the small boys that the old singers criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men stimulate the miserable fathers that the large uncles encourage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men stimulate the joyful kids that the old uncles remember	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big men stimulate the miserable teachers that the happy athletes approve	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old men stimulate the large women that the huge poets remember	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men understand the happy doctors that the small aunts encourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men understand the young doctors that the miserable friends discourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny men understand the happy farmers that the old singers encourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy men understand the tiny lawyers that the sad mothers encourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big men understand the joyful mothers that the happy carpenters confuse	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men understand the huge mothers that the big poets avoid	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny men understand the large singers that the small athletes greet	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers admire the ecstatic boys that the huge fathers discourage	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mothers admire the ecstatic carpenters that the happy men stimulate	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers admire the joyful girls that the happy friends stimulate	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers admire the miserable girls that the old uncles observe	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers admire the joyful lawyers that the large fathers greet	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers approve the miserable athletes that the sad fathers understand	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers approve the huge aunts that the old fathers confuse	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mothers approve the old doctors that the miserable poets discourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers approve the tiny men that the miserable carpenters discourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers avoid the miserable boys that the large friends engage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers avoid the ecstatic poets that the little men know	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers avoid the big singers that the ecstatic carpenters discourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers avoid the sad singers that the small doctors understand	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers confuse the little athletes that the small victims observe	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers confuse the miserable boys that the young poets approve	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers confuse the small doctors that the joyful boys understand	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mothers confuse the sad girls that the tiny singers avoid	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers confuse the small kids that the young athletes remember	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers criticize the little athletes that the old girls inspire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers criticize the joyful boys that the young farmers engage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers criticize the little carpenters that the huge girls observe	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers criticize the old guys that the huge girls inspire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers criticize the old singers that the young doctors greet	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers criticize the little women that the huge carpenters admire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers discourage the old athletes that the large carpenters greet	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers discourage the young doctors that the old girls stimulate	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers encourage the young guys that the old farmers know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mothers encourage the huge victims that the happy singers avoid	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers engage the big athletes that the tiny carpenters remember	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers engage the joyful aunts that the sad girls remember	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers engage the huge doctors that the small singers inspire	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mothers engage the old friends that the huge fathers know	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers engage the large kids that the happy friends know	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers engage the small lawyers that the joyful boys encourage	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers engage the large men that the ecstatic kids greet	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers engage the old teachers that the miserable victims understand	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers greet the huge aunts that the tiny doctors inspire	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mothers greet the ecstatic aunts that the happy women observe	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers greet the joyful fathers that the young teachers remember	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers greet the miserable girls that the joyful farmers observe	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mothers inspire the young aunts that the happy carpenters criticize	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers inspire the happy guys that the small girls confuse	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers inspire the ecstatic uncles that the joyful aunts greet	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers inspire the ecstatic women that the young friends avoid	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers know the ecstatic guys that the tiny boys engage	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers know the old lawyers that the happy men admire	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers know the tiny singers that the old farmers avoid	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mothers observe the little men that the big doctors encourage	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers observe the sad women that the big uncles admire	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers remember the ecstatic carpenters that the happy athletes criticize	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers remember the sad doctors that the little aunts inspire	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers remember the small teachers that the ecstatic aunts approve	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers stimulate the joyful boys that the tiny men admire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mothers stimulate the huge doctors that the happy friends admire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers stimulate the large farmers that the happy teachers criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers stimulate the small friends that the happy kids confuse	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mothers stimulate the miserable guys that the huge carpenters greet	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers stimulate the ecstatic kids that the joyful boys avoid	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers stimulate the big women that the little teachers encourage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers understand the miserable kids that the small girls know	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers understand the miserable women that the tiny farmers encourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poets admire the huge friends that the happy mothers confuse	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poets approve the joyful athletes that the large farmers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poets approve the old men that the sad singers greet	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets avoid the old guys that the small women approve	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poets confuse the old athletes that the ecstatic teachers approve	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets confuse the happy boys that the young friends discourage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets confuse the joyful uncles that the ecstatic teachers approve	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poets criticize the huge aunts that the miserable boys inspire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poets criticize the old kids that the small teachers engage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poets criticize the little singers that the ecstatic teachers encourage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poets discourage the sad men that the big girls avoid	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poets discourage the young uncles that the little farmers criticize	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets encourage the ecstatic athletes that the tiny boys engage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets encourage the little athletes that the joyful carpenters admire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poets encourage the young friends that the miserable uncles understand	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets encourage the old lawyers that the young farmers approve	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets encourage the happy victims that the young carpenters avoid	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets engage the huge athletes that the big uncles know	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets engage the sad farmers that the joyful mothers avoid	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poets engage the young teachers that the ecstatic men avoid	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets engage the ecstatic women that the young victims stimulate	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poets greet the sad carpenters that the ecstatic girls approve	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poets inspire the small doctors that the young athletes discourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poets inspire the young girls that the large kids discourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poets inspire the ecstatic lawyers that the young kids engage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poets inspire the old mothers that the small fathers engage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets know the large girls that the small aunts greet	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets observe the little aunts that the big mothers greet	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets remember the huge athletes that the happy fathers avoid	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poets remember the huge boys that the sad fathers observe	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poets remember the huge fathers that the large boys approve	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets remember the huge fathers that the small mothers inspire	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poets remember the little guys that the miserable carpenters encourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets remember the ecstatic victims that the miserable farmers confuse	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poets stimulate the sad fathers that the ecstatic guys understand	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poets stimulate the miserable kids that the old fathers approve	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets understand the joyful friends that the tiny girls criticize	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poets understand the joyful singers that the ecstatic men greet	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets understand the young teachers that the tiny men encourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets understand the joyful victims that the ecstatic guys avoid	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets understand the big victims that the small teachers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers admire the joyful athletes that the large carpenters confuse	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singers admire the young guys that the old uncles remember	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singers admire the joyful kids that the miserable mothers observe	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singers admire the joyful victims that the little poets confuse	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singers approve the miserable aunts that the young teachers admire	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers approve the young teachers that the happy men observe	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singers avoid the tiny aunts that the ecstatic fathers understand	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers avoid the old doctors that the large guys discourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers avoid the small farmers that the ecstatic teachers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers avoid the miserable fathers that the sad women inspire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers avoid the old girls that the large mothers engage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers avoid the happy men that the big guys remember	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers confuse the small farmers that the large doctors inspire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers confuse the large men that the little kids admire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers confuse the sad poets that the huge mothers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers criticize the old farmers that the young athletes greet	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singers criticize the ecstatic friends that the sad fathers know	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers criticize the old girls that the ecstatic teachers admire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers criticize the young women that the joyful lawyers know	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singers discourage the sad farmers that the miserable athletes remember	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers discourage the joyful kids that the sad poets admire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers discourage the ecstatic lawyers that the happy boys stimulate	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singers discourage the miserable men that the joyful friends engage	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers discourage the tiny men that the joyful poets avoid	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singers discourage the happy women that the small victims inspire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers encourage the happy fathers that the little aunts engage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers encourage the small girls that the old lawyers inspire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singers encourage the big kids that the young guys remember	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers encourage the old lawyers that the miserable teachers engage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singers encourage the little uncles that the joyful fathers admire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singers encourage the old victims that the joyful athletes confuse	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers engage the ecstatic aunts that the happy men approve	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singers engage the sad aunts that the big men encourage	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singers engage the happy boys that the miserable friends observe	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singers engage the young fathers that the huge uncles know	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers engage the big friends that the large women discourage	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers engage the young guys that the miserable men criticize	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singers engage the little kids that the small farmers inspire	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singers engage the ecstatic kids that the miserable mothers encourage	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers engage the miserable women that the happy aunts stimulate	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singers greet the ecstatic fathers that the happy guys engage	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singers greet the ecstatic lawyers that the happy aunts admire	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers inspire the large carpenters that the little fathers avoid	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers know the young aunts that the big lawyers confuse	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers know the ecstatic friends that the sad victims avoid	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singers know the small uncles that the big girls encourage	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers know the happy women that the huge athletes confuse	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singers know the huge women that the ecstatic girls observe	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers observe the ecstatic farmers that the huge uncles inspire	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers observe the miserable guys that the huge mothers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singers remember the joyful guys that the miserable friends understand	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers remember the huge kids that the little carpenters understand	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers remember the large lawyers that the big mothers engage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singers stimulate the young poets that the big uncles engage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers understand the huge uncles that the old aunts inspire	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers admire the big doctors that the tiny athletes confuse	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers admire the ecstatic kids that the huge friends approve	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers admire the small poets that the sad fathers inspire	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers admire the big singers that the miserable friends criticize	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers admire the small women that the miserable kids discourage	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teachers approve the old carpenters that the miserable guys admire	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers approve the small farmers that the little men confuse	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers approve the tiny girls that the miserable boys understand	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teachers approve the joyful poets that the little kids avoid	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers avoid the ecstatic athletes that the sad fathers criticize	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers avoid the small boys that the tiny kids discourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers avoid the joyful doctors that the young singers know	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers avoid the miserable lawyers that the sad doctors understand	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers avoid the big men that the young lawyers approve	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teachers avoid the sad victims that the ecstatic kids observe	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers confuse the small farmers that the big boys understand	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers confuse the old men that the ecstatic singers admire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers confuse the ecstatic mothers that the huge carpenters stimulate	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers confuse the large mothers that the big lawyers criticize	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers criticize the ecstatic athletes that the sad singers admire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers criticize the ecstatic friends that the miserable women admire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teachers criticize the big singers that the huge poets avoid	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers discourage the ecstatic boys that the old aunts admire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers discourage the little friends that the tiny poets observe	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teachers discourage the miserable singers that the tiny kids avoid	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers discourage the little women that the old farmers understand	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teachers encourage the miserable boys that the young fathers criticize	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers encourage the happy friends that the old men approve	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers encourage the miserable friends that the small victims stimulate	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers encourage the huge guys that the joyful kids confuse	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers encourage the large singers that the young women engage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teachers encourage the huge women that the small victims know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers engage the small athletes that the large carpenters encourage	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers engage the young farmers that the tiny singers encourage	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers engage the old mothers that the big farmers understand	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers engage the large mothers that the miserable friends remember	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teachers greet the happy aunts that the big fathers approve	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers greet the tiny women that the large kids admire	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teachers inspire the large carpenters that the ecstatic girls engage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers inspire the happy uncles that the little friends avoid	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers know the large doctors that the huge guys encourage	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers know the sad girls that the miserable aunts observe	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers know the small lawyers that the huge boys stimulate	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teachers know the small poets that the young kids observe	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teachers observe the large doctors that the young women know	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers remember the young lawyers that the happy victims discourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers remember the big women that the sad carpenters discourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers stimulate the big aunts that the happy boys engage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers stimulate the sad victims that the old men remember	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teachers stimulate the huge women that the old girls understand	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers understand the miserable aunts that the large doctors stimulate	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers understand the old carpenters that the tiny athletes observe	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers understand the sad friends that the little poets know	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers understand the small mothers that the happy uncles engage	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers understand the huge uncles that the little guys remember	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers understand the young victims that the huge uncles know	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncles admire the miserable aunts that the old teachers understand	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncles admire the large farmers that the happy lawyers observe	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles admire the tiny girls that the little friends greet	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncles approve the small singers that the huge boys engage	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles avoid the happy boys that the old singers admire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncles avoid the small doctors that the miserable kids confuse	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles avoid the sad fathers that the large teachers inspire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles avoid the miserable friends that the ecstatic teachers discourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles avoid the little lawyers that the huge aunts greet	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncles avoid the happy victims that the little athletes observe	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncles avoid the old women that the ecstatic mothers understand	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles confuse the happy athletes that the small men remember	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles confuse the happy lawyers that the tiny men understand	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles confuse the large victims that the huge mothers criticize	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncles confuse the happy women that the miserable mothers criticize	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles criticize the happy doctors that the little poets inspire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncles criticize the joyful farmers that the ecstatic aunts engage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles criticize the big poets that the happy women know	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles discourage the tiny boys that the old teachers remember	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles discourage the tiny farmers that the small friends stimulate	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncles discourage the joyful teachers that the sad lawyers understand	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncles discourage the large victims that the old teachers avoid	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncles discourage the happy women that the big teachers criticize	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles encourage the sad girls that the young singers know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncles encourage the huge men that the tiny aunts discourage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncles engage the miserable aunts that the large athletes understand	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles engage the big farmers that the miserable women greet	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles engage the miserable girls that the happy doctors avoid	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncles engage the big poets that the small aunts admire	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles greet the small aunts that the joyful boys stimulate	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles greet the tiny carpenters that the huge fathers remember	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles greet the big farmers that the ecstatic athletes criticize	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncles greet the joyful farmers that the sad women know	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles greet the happy girls that the little kids confuse	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles greet the miserable lawyers that the small aunts admire	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncles inspire the large boys that the sad aunts stimulate	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles know the huge girls that the small victims avoid	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncles know the large kids that the young girls engage	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles know the old men that the happy friends stimulate	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles know the joyful singers that the old teachers encourage	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles observe the large men that the happy athletes know	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncles remember the happy fathers that the big athletes engage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncles understand the joyful carpenters that the happy athletes criticize	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles understand the sad friends that the little kids stimulate	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victims admire the joyful athletes that the little boys observe	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims admire the little doctors that the joyful aunts remember	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims admire the miserable girls that the old farmers approve	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victims admire the large poets that the small men know	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims approve the small farmers that the huge teachers observe	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victims approve the joyful women that the tiny doctors admire	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victims avoid the happy boys that the old carpenters admire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victims avoid the big kids that the sad women admire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims confuse the young carpenters that the happy kids observe	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims confuse the happy poets that the large doctors know	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims criticize the happy boys that the big kids observe	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims criticize the huge doctors that the happy aunts inspire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victims criticize the large farmers that the tiny guys confuse	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victims criticize the joyful friends that the large guys stimulate	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims criticize the old friends that the joyful singers approve	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims criticize the huge mothers that the big athletes admire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims criticize the huge women that the joyful lawyers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims discourage the small lawyers that the ecstatic singers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victims discourage the miserable lawyers that the sad teachers approve	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims encourage the little men that the miserable singers admire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims engage the miserable friends that the large aunts observe	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victims greet the happy carpenters that the tiny guys understand	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims greet the happy fathers that the young girls avoid	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victims greet the ecstatic friends that the joyful girls encourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims greet the happy friends that the small mothers observe	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims greet the miserable girls that the sad doctors stimulate	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victims greet the old teachers that the small doctors engage	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims greet the miserable uncles that the small doctors encourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victims greet the large women that the huge kids remember	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victims inspire the big farmers that the happy aunts discourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims inspire the little guys that the large men approve	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims know the young doctors that the miserable women encourage	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victims know the sad friends that the miserable teachers observe	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims know the small kids that the happy carpenters understand	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victims know the big mothers that the young women understand	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victims know the little teachers that the miserable poets admire	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victims observe the joyful aunts that the huge mothers encourage	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims observe the tiny farmers that the ecstatic doctors avoid	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims observe the young farmers that the tiny doctors greet	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victims observe the tiny farmers that the miserable men admire	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims observe the happy guys that the young women inspire	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims observe the happy singers that the sad boys confuse	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims remember the miserable doctors that the young mothers engage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victims remember the tiny fathers that the miserable teachers know	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims remember the huge guys that the old women avoid	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims remember the big women that the little poets engage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victims stimulate the joyful aunts that the happy lawyers criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims stimulate the big kids that the little aunts inspire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victims stimulate the huge lawyers that the old guys greet	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims stimulate the big poets that the large farmers greet	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims stimulate the joyful uncles that the young girls know	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victims stimulate the miserable uncles that the huge guys know	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victims understand the tiny athletes that the joyful women engage	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victims understand the tiny boys that the big athletes criticize	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims understand the young boys that the old fathers inspire	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victims understand the small carpenters that the miserable men avoid	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victims understand the small farmers that the sad guys engage	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims understand the large fathers that the little boys remember	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victims understand the old lawyers that the sad girls criticize	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women admire the old doctors that the miserable carpenters criticize	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women admire the miserable lawyers that the ecstatic mothers confuse	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women admire the young men that the joyful athletes greet	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women admire the ecstatic victims that the joyful guys encourage	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge women approve the miserable carpenters that the tiny athletes criticize	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women approve the happy carpenters that the big doctors inspire	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women approve the tiny carpenters that the little farmers know	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women approve the joyful men that the happy poets engage	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large women approve the miserable singers that the happy teachers criticize	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women avoid the miserable girls that the joyful teachers understand	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women avoid the ecstatic kids that the sad teachers inspire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women confuse the young friends that the huge carpenters understand	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women confuse the ecstatic uncles that the old boys admire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large women criticize the small aunts that the huge friends stimulate	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women criticize the big boys that the small victims encourage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women criticize the happy doctors that the joyful girls discourage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable women criticize the happy girls that the young uncles observe	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women criticize the young uncles that the small farmers admire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women criticize the huge uncles that the sad mothers encourage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women criticize the little victims that the huge teachers inspire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young women discourage the large boys that the sad carpenters stimulate	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women encourage the ecstatic fathers that the small carpenters confuse	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women encourage the tiny fathers that the happy poets discourage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women encourage the large fathers that the little teachers greet	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women engage the happy carpenters that the large aunts stimulate	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable women engage the big doctors that the young aunts remember	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women engage the huge fathers that the big men discourage	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge women greet the little mothers that the large men engage	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women greet the tiny singers that the large poets avoid	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women inspire the ecstatic aunts that the little victims approve	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable women know the small girls that the tiny victims confuse	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young women observe the large athletes that the tiny mothers avoid	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women observe the ecstatic poets that the small fathers remember	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women remember the sad athletes that the tiny mothers encourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women remember the large friends that the miserable singers observe	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women remember the young men that the big carpenters engage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young women remember the joyful singers that the miserable guys approve	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women remember the big uncles that the small teachers confuse	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large women stimulate the little boys that the tiny lawyers discourage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge women stimulate the joyful farmers that the miserable girls greet	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women stimulate the small guys that the joyful athletes criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable women stimulate the big victims that the small farmers engage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women understand the little carpenters that the young singers criticize	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women understand the small doctors that the huge mothers inspire	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable women understand the young fathers that the old singers know	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women understand the tiny victims that the young lawyers encourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
