objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the big aunt discourages engages the joyful mother	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that the large aunt observes remembers the small poet	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the happy boy observes admires the miserable father	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the ecstatic boy observes criticizes the young doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that the young carpenter approves stimulates the old man	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that the little carpenter encourages knows the huge singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The young athlete that the big carpenter encourages stimulates the ecstatic kid	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the old carpenter engages observes the young man	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The young athlete that the sad carpenter inspires engages the little girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small athlete that the young carpenter inspires engages the old man	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young athlete that the tiny doctor approves stimulates the miserable farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that the young doctor confuses remembers the small guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that the ecstatic doctor stimulates engages the small boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little athlete that the miserable father inspires confuses the large farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old athlete that the joyful father understands greets the miserable boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that the old friend discourages admires the large guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that the small friend knows stimulates the large victim	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large athlete that the joyful girl observes approves the old victim	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large athlete that the young girl observes encourages the big friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that the happy girl understands knows the small kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that the sad guy encourages observes the big boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little athlete that the small guy inspires confuses the happy lawyer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that the happy guy inspires knows the large farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the miserable guy stimulates confuses the tiny victim	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that the tiny kid avoids knows the young victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that the huge lawyer stimulates greets the big father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that the old man confuses understands the little carpenter	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young athlete that the large man inspires criticizes the old singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The young athlete that the old mother confuses stimulates the happy farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the joyful mother inspires knows the large father	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objrel_that_adj	The large athlete that the happy mother remembers stimulates the miserable uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that the miserable poet avoids remembers the big mother	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the old poet greets observes the happy kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the happy poet knows avoids the joyful farmer	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the miserable poet understands greets the big boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the little singer admires remembers the ecstatic girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that the small singer admires stimulates the huge doctor	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large athlete that the sad singer avoids understands the tiny poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little athlete that the tiny singer inspires confuses the huge doctor	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that the little teacher confuses greets the tiny kid	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old athlete that the ecstatic teacher confuses knows the large kid	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that the small teacher confuses remembers the huge farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large athlete that the small teacher engages encourages the old woman	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big athlete that the large teacher inspires encourages the ecstatic doctor	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that the big teacher knows stimulates the old victim	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the tiny uncle avoids observes the small friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the happy uncle knows stimulates the old guy	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the young victim criticizes discourages the happy father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old athlete that the joyful victim engages understands the ecstatic aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that the sad athlete understands inspires the big lawyer	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small aunt that the young boy admires avoids the big farmer	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that the old boy observes discourages the young poet	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that the little carpenter engages admires the young lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old aunt that the large carpenter stimulates confuses the young teacher	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big aunt that the happy carpenter stimulates engages the young woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that the joyful doctor avoids observes the big father	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that the big doctor confuses avoids the ecstatic teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that the old doctor encourages stimulates the little singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that the miserable father admires discourages the old friend	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young aunt that the ecstatic father admires observes the huge farmer	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that the happy father encourages admires the miserable guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that the little friend greets engages the ecstatic man	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small aunt that the old girl encourages inspires the tiny father	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that the ecstatic girl encourages remembers the tiny teacher	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that the small girl engages approves the happy uncle	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old aunt that the young guy encourages stimulates the little man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that the big guy inspires avoids the miserable boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big aunt that the happy kid admires confuses the little father	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the miserable kid criticizes encourages the ecstatic teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young aunt that the happy kid encourages remembers the little boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that the big kid encourages stimulates the happy friend	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that the ecstatic kid remembers greets the tiny poet	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that the huge kid understands avoids the big guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that the happy kid understands observes the huge singer	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that the little lawyer knows inspires the tiny woman	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that the sad lawyer observes knows the little doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that the miserable man discourages engages the happy father	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little aunt that the tiny mother confuses observes the huge carpenter	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old aunt that the large mother criticizes greets the little farmer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big aunt that the small poet admires inspires the large man	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big aunt that the miserable poet encourages discourages the happy doctor	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the miserable poet observes encourages the ecstatic farmer	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young aunt that the huge poet remembers knows the old boy	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the sad teacher understands remembers the happy lawyer	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young aunt that the big uncle avoids engages the old guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small aunt that the young victim criticizes engages the large athlete	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the little victim encourages engages the young singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that the tiny victim engages criticizes the sad farmer	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that the big athlete admires encourages the sad kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the happy athlete approves stimulates the ecstatic girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the old athlete confuses engages the miserable poet	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old boy that the miserable athlete greets admires the sad mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the young athlete greets observes the small kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad boy that the ecstatic athlete stimulates approves the large father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the young aunt criticizes observes the happy father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the miserable aunt greets approves the sad girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the tiny aunt remembers understands the sad friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge boy that the old aunt stimulates inspires the big lawyer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge boy that the miserable aunt understands avoids the sad teacher	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the small carpenter observes stimulates the ecstatic doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy boy that the big doctor criticizes approves the ecstatic woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old boy that the large doctor knows stimulates the little father	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the little doctor observes engages the large farmer	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that the large farmer approves inspires the huge doctor	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the small farmer inspires understands the sad guy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the old friend admires observes the huge aunt	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad boy that the happy guy admires stimulates the tiny victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy boy that the sad guy avoids approves the huge carpenter	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the joyful guy discourages admires the happy father	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the young kid admires inspires the happy teacher	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the happy kid confuses admires the old man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the young kid discourages greets the ecstatic victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad boy that the huge kid encourages criticizes the tiny guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The little boy that the old lawyer greets stimulates the ecstatic girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the old lawyer observes admires the sad girl	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the sad man admires knows the young poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the little man inspires engages the old uncle	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that the small mother approves admires the huge uncle	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objrel_that_adj	The happy boy that the joyful mother discourages admires the small girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The sad boy that the young poet approves greets the old guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the small singer admires observes the huge girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the joyful singer approves discourages the tiny girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little boy that the big singer approves discourages the ecstatic lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the young singer inspires criticizes the miserable poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The huge boy that the ecstatic teacher criticizes engages the young poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that the miserable teacher encourages inspires the huge friend	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The old boy that the little teacher understands inspires the happy uncle	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that the happy uncle confuses observes the large singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the old uncle engages encourages the sad farmer	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The little boy that the old uncle engages stimulates the tiny aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the little victim criticizes approves the happy man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the miserable victim criticizes avoids the ecstatic farmer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad boy that the big victim discourages engages the joyful doctor	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad boy that the joyful victim remembers stimulates the small uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The big boy that the small victim understands engages the miserable guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that the little woman engages greets the large man	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big boy that the large woman engages knows the small friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objrel_that_adj	The little boy that the young woman greets encourages the old uncle	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that the joyful athlete encourages greets the young victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the tiny aunt avoids remembers the sad woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that the old boy admires criticizes the joyful woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that the young boy inspires discourages the old woman	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that the large doctor avoids inspires the ecstatic victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the huge doctor criticizes knows the small boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the sad doctor understands stimulates the big boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that the ecstatic farmer greets discourages the little doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that the sad farmer stimulates engages the huge kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that the huge friend engages discourages the big girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that the joyful friend observes inspires the huge kid	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the tiny friend observes knows the little mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the large friend remembers discourages the miserable singer	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the huge girl criticizes encourages the tiny mother	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that the happy girl encourages observes the small singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that the little girl understands avoids the sad uncle	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that the happy girl understands greets the young doctor	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that the ecstatic guy criticizes understands the young poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that the miserable guy discourages stimulates the joyful girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that the old guy remembers observes the ecstatic father	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that the happy kid approves discourages the old teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the old kid knows understands the miserable athlete	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that the joyful lawyer encourages knows the huge man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the sad lawyer observes stimulates the happy woman	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the ecstatic man avoids encourages the sad aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that the small mother approves understands the miserable woman	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that the tiny mother confuses discourages the young poet	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that the large mother encourages approves the happy man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the old mother encourages engages the large singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the joyful poet approves criticizes the happy teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that the miserable poet avoids encourages the big kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that the ecstatic poet inspires knows the large girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that the huge poet understands encourages the young guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that the miserable singer admires greets the ecstatic victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the tiny singer observes knows the old poet	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that the miserable singer understands knows the little teacher	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the miserable teacher observes encourages the ecstatic father	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the little uncle discourages engages the tiny aunt	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the miserable uncle discourages stimulates the happy victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the ecstatic uncle understands admires the young father	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the ecstatic victim admires engages the little girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that the large victim encourages knows the little teacher	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that the small woman admires engages the sad teacher	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that the huge woman avoids encourages the ecstatic boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that the big woman knows remembers the huge teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that the small athlete avoids encourages the tiny friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the old athlete engages avoids the little aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that the miserable athlete remembers approves the happy father	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the joyful aunt stimulates engages the miserable guy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that the big aunt stimulates knows the tiny father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that the sad boy criticizes knows the joyful girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the happy boy inspires greets the huge athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the large carpenter discourages admires the sad woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the huge carpenter discourages observes the miserable father	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the joyful carpenter understands confuses the ecstatic athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that the little farmer avoids encourages the large poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young doctor that the big farmer engages observes the small guy	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that the young father avoids remembers the old kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the ecstatic father criticizes discourages the huge athlete	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the young father discourages remembers the tiny boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the young father knows criticizes the big man	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the tiny father understands confuses the miserable kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the old friend criticizes discourages the happy guy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young doctor that the happy girl discourages avoids the tiny farmer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the small girl inspires remembers the large friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that the young kid engages criticizes the happy teacher	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big doctor that the small kid understands approves the little boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the little kid understands knows the huge mother	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objrel_that_adj	The big doctor that the ecstatic lawyer discourages avoids the tiny uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the little lawyer observes engages the large guy	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the young man approves stimulates the happy victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that the young man inspires observes the little mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the happy man knows greets the huge athlete	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that the old mother approves remembers the huge man	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the huge mother avoids discourages the sad teacher	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the sad mother confuses greets the ecstatic boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large doctor that the young mother confuses greets the happy uncle	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the old mother confuses stimulates the huge father	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that the tiny mother encourages understands the small aunt	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the big poet engages discourages the miserable girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the sad poet knows greets the large kid	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the huge singer observes avoids the little boy	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big doctor that the huge singer remembers knows the tiny athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the big teacher approves confuses the sad friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that the little teacher confuses discourages the old lawyer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that the sad teacher criticizes understands the tiny poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that the joyful teacher greets avoids the huge victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big doctor that the large teacher greets engages the little father	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that the big teacher inspires confuses the tiny friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young doctor that the miserable teacher understands observes the sad guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the tiny uncle engages confuses the joyful friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that the little uncle inspires stimulates the huge boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large doctor that the tiny uncle stimulates observes the ecstatic athlete	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the large victim inspires understands the small guy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the huge victim remembers stimulates the big friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that the small victim stimulates remembers the miserable kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that the old victim understands confuses the little boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the miserable woman criticizes discourages the little carpenter	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the ecstatic woman greets admires the huge athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that the big woman inspires approves the ecstatic boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the small woman understands approves the happy guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that the huge athlete encourages discourages the big man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that the ecstatic athlete knows greets the small guy	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old farmer that the small aunt avoids stimulates the large man	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that the large aunt encourages approves the big friend	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that the little boy approves stimulates the tiny man	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The big farmer that the happy boy observes knows the miserable singer	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that the tiny doctor remembers engages the huge uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the tiny father approves inspires the small carpenter	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large farmer that the young father criticizes understands the huge victim	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the tiny father discourages encourages the ecstatic poet	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that the young father engages observes the miserable lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the little father engages understands the tiny girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that the young father knows confuses the happy aunt	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big farmer that the miserable friend admires knows the huge father	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objrel_that_adj	The large farmer that the tiny friend stimulates admires the big girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the joyful girl admires encourages the happy doctor	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that the sad guy greets admires the young man	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old farmer that the tiny guy inspires approves the young man	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the sad kid remembers encourages the huge victim	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the old lawyer knows engages the tiny father	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that the ecstatic man approves avoids the happy singer	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the happy man knows avoids the little poet	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the large poet greets remembers the ecstatic kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the happy poet observes engages the huge girl	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the ecstatic singer avoids approves the sad woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the large singer engages admires the tiny mother	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the young teacher confuses admires the tiny lawyer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that the small teacher understands stimulates the tiny lawyer	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large farmer that the big uncle admires approves the young poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that the miserable uncle knows engages the large victim	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that the large uncle remembers avoids the miserable guy	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the small uncle remembers engages the ecstatic athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old farmer that the large uncle remembers greets the tiny victim	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that the huge uncle remembers understands the old singer	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that the sad victim observes approves the little carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big farmer that the large woman avoids approves the young father	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objrel_that_adj	The young farmer that the miserable woman confuses discourages the old poet	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young farmer that the joyful woman discourages stimulates the big singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large farmer that the little woman encourages inspires the old guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the joyful woman engages greets the huge girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young father that the huge athlete admires discourages the old victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old father that the little athlete observes avoids the large poet	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big father that the huge boy confuses criticizes the miserable woman	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The young father that the little boy remembers inspires the miserable doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big father that the joyful carpenter confuses greets the ecstatic athlete	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young father that the small carpenter encourages remembers the large victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The little father that the small carpenter greets remembers the miserable aunt	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young father that the happy doctor admires encourages the old farmer	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge father that the happy doctor approves confuses the miserable uncle	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large father that the tiny doctor avoids knows the small uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objrel_that_adj	The happy father that the joyful doctor encourages criticizes the sad mother	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large father that the sad doctor engages stimulates the old kid	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that the tiny doctor observes remembers the miserable athlete	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old father that the happy farmer admires greets the joyful girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little father that the miserable farmer avoids encourages the tiny teacher	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large father that the miserable farmer stimulates confuses the sad victim	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that the little friend encourages criticizes the sad athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that the small friend stimulates discourages the big singer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large father that the small friend understands knows the little singer	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objrel_that_adj	The big father that the young girl inspires encourages the joyful mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge father that the tiny guy approves encourages the joyful farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big father that the ecstatic guy avoids approves the small woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy father that the huge guy discourages stimulates the old girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad father that the small guy encourages knows the big poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The big father that the old kid approves observes the huge farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large father that the tiny kid avoids discourages the big uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the large lawyer engages understands the tiny poet	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old father that the sad man stimulates encourages the ecstatic kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the big mother criticizes encourages the small uncle	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small father that the ecstatic mother stimulates confuses the tiny carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge father that the happy poet greets avoids the old man	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The tiny father that the small poet greets inspires the little girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little father that the huge poet observes admires the happy aunt	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objrel_that_adj	The sad father that the ecstatic singer criticizes engages the old doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small father that the ecstatic singer discourages knows the sad carpenter	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The old father that the sad singer engages encourages the happy aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny father that the ecstatic singer understands approves the big poet	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the ecstatic teacher approves observes the happy doctor	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that the tiny teacher inspires engages the sad aunt	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little father that the miserable uncle approves criticizes the joyful girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that the large uncle criticizes greets the old kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little father that the miserable uncle encourages approves the huge carpenter	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little father that the old victim encourages admires the sad guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small father that the young victim engages greets the happy athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy father that the ecstatic victim greets confuses the young teacher	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little father that the miserable victim inspires approves the joyful girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge father that the tiny victim knows approves the sad lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the young woman avoids approves the huge lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big father that the huge woman criticizes understands the ecstatic singer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large father that the happy woman discourages understands the little boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the huge woman discourages understands the joyful doctor	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the tiny woman encourages understands the small victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the tiny athlete approves stimulates the miserable girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the huge athlete remembers engages the happy singer	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that the miserable aunt inspires greets the small victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the huge aunt observes knows the happy girl	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the old boy knows avoids the large uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the large boy observes discourages the happy singer	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old friend that the huge boy remembers admires the sad father	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that the sad boy remembers avoids the happy athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big friend that the ecstatic boy understands greets the happy victim	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big friend that the young carpenter approves engages the little kid	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the big carpenter engages confuses the miserable athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that the little carpenter greets knows the ecstatic woman	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the huge carpenter observes inspires the small lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big friend that the miserable doctor criticizes stimulates the tiny farmer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the big doctor engages understands the miserable uncle	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that the sad doctor remembers greets the tiny uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little friend that the sad doctor stimulates confuses the ecstatic athlete	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the young farmer engages admires the large father	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that the happy farmer observes confuses the old mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that the young farmer stimulates criticizes the huge woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the ecstatic father criticizes encourages the small carpenter	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the tiny father criticizes greets the huge uncle	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old friend that the young father knows understands the sad doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the ecstatic father understands admires the small carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big friend that the young girl confuses observes the small singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the little guy discourages remembers the big uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that the ecstatic guy inspires remembers the small poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad friend that the miserable kid admires remembers the large uncle	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the happy kid avoids approves the tiny poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the tiny kid criticizes inspires the little singer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little friend that the tiny lawyer discourages remembers the miserable singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that the miserable lawyer inspires encourages the small man	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the tiny man discourages admires the small lawyer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the happy mother confuses admires the small poet	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big friend that the miserable mother confuses discourages the sad guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that the little mother engages discourages the big girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the small mother knows criticizes the huge doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the big mother understands confuses the happy victim	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the little poet admires understands the joyful man	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the little poet confuses discourages the tiny boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the ecstatic poet confuses remembers the young guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad friend that the small poet discourages approves the joyful woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big friend that the joyful poet knows avoids the ecstatic aunt	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old friend that the tiny poet understands observes the miserable victim	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the joyful singer encourages confuses the big boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge friend that the joyful teacher admires observes the large lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old friend that the big teacher avoids greets the ecstatic lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the sad teacher inspires discourages the ecstatic girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the huge teacher stimulates greets the old mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that the little teacher understands inspires the tiny father	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad friend that the old victim encourages criticizes the huge kid	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the huge woman engages approves the sad singer	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the happy woman understands approves the large uncle	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large girl that the little athlete discourages stimulates the old mother	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the big athlete encourages admires the ecstatic mother	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The huge girl that the ecstatic athlete encourages inspires the large singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young girl that the joyful athlete engages knows the old carpenter	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the little aunt engages approves the miserable poet	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that the young aunt inspires discourages the little friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the large aunt knows understands the happy lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the happy aunt remembers confuses the big boy	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge girl that the large carpenter inspires observes the young athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the ecstatic carpenter observes criticizes the young singer	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the ecstatic doctor avoids admires the sad aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the happy doctor avoids inspires the large lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that the miserable doctor confuses engages the small athlete	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small girl that the miserable doctor encourages criticizes the large lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the old doctor knows encourages the miserable lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young girl that the small doctor understands engages the joyful teacher	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the joyful farmer approves inspires the little man	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the joyful farmer criticizes confuses the huge teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge girl that the large farmer encourages approves the ecstatic man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the old farmer encourages stimulates the big father	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the ecstatic farmer observes knows the tiny father	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the young father confuses avoids the little victim	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young girl that the miserable friend confuses avoids the ecstatic boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large girl that the young friend confuses stimulates the little lawyer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the big friend encourages greets the joyful kid	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the ecstatic guy admires stimulates the miserable man	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the big guy criticizes observes the old man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small girl that the little guy engages confuses the large teacher	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the big guy greets discourages the small singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the ecstatic guy stimulates avoids the young aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the tiny guy stimulates avoids the old singer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the happy kid admires approves the joyful lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the large kid admires criticizes the old singer	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the big kid understands admires the happy woman	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the small lawyer approves knows the young boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that the happy lawyer understands knows the sad athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the joyful lawyer understands knows the sad man	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the happy man encourages criticizes the huge victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the ecstatic man observes criticizes the small singer	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the old mother approves criticizes the huge victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the miserable mother observes discourages the big friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the old poet admires criticizes the sad victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the old poet confuses understands the tiny teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the miserable poet discourages inspires the ecstatic aunt	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large girl that the sad poet engages avoids the young aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the young poet knows admires the large teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the tiny singer admires inspires the huge mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that the old singer admires observes the huge poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the happy teacher admires stimulates the huge carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the little teacher observes admires the large singer	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the small victim stimulates knows the tiny carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the young victim stimulates understands the little farmer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that the happy woman discourages encourages the ecstatic kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the little woman greets criticizes the large lawyer	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the young woman greets remembers the sad father	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the old woman stimulates engages the joyful kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the joyful athlete avoids inspires the big farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that the small athlete discourages knows the huge victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the big aunt confuses observes the miserable mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the little aunt criticizes encourages the sad farmer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the large aunt engages admires the miserable friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the sad aunt greets admires the tiny friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that the ecstatic aunt greets confuses the big boy	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that the old boy approves understands the happy teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the huge carpenter admires understands the miserable girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the miserable carpenter approves observes the young man	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the large carpenter engages knows the joyful kid	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the tiny doctor criticizes discourages the old kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the happy doctor greets encourages the tiny boy	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge guy that the miserable doctor inspires avoids the ecstatic kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the miserable farmer avoids confuses the tiny woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge guy that the big farmer criticizes encourages the old man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the sad farmer inspires admires the large boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small guy that the sad father greets knows the large victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the joyful father observes confuses the ecstatic doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that the small friend avoids admires the joyful uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the big friend discourages engages the happy man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old guy that the miserable friend engages encourages the huge athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old guy that the huge friend observes greets the tiny lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the tiny girl discourages admires the sad mother	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that the ecstatic girl encourages knows the sad father	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the young girl engages encourages the huge singer	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the joyful girl stimulates remembers the sad father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the little kid remembers criticizes the huge mother	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the joyful kid stimulates observes the tiny carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the ecstatic kid understands discourages the large boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the big lawyer criticizes confuses the miserable girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old guy that the huge lawyer greets criticizes the joyful mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that the huge lawyer greets discourages the happy mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the ecstatic lawyer knows engages the little kid	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that the large man discourages approves the little woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that the sad man encourages understands the tiny woman	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little guy that the small man observes inspires the miserable woman	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the joyful mother confuses approves the big boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small guy that the ecstatic mother observes knows the happy carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that the happy mother remembers approves the tiny farmer	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that the sad poet avoids confuses the large athlete	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the young poet discourages inspires the small kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the joyful poet discourages remembers the miserable victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the little poet engages criticizes the sad teacher	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the ecstatic poet observes stimulates the small athlete	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the ecstatic poet stimulates inspires the miserable boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the miserable singer confuses discourages the small boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the old singer knows admires the miserable man	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small guy that the joyful teacher discourages engages the miserable kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the young teacher understands encourages the small aunt	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that the huge uncle criticizes approves the small aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the tiny uncle observes remembers the small farmer	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the old victim approves admires the sad athlete	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little guy that the small victim knows encourages the tiny teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that the little victim knows understands the big woman	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that the little victim remembers criticizes the ecstatic friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the joyful woman engages understands the tiny kid	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little kid that the young athlete confuses remembers the old friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large kid that the small athlete encourages confuses the old mother	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big kid that the joyful aunt encourages discourages the young guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad kid that the huge boy remembers approves the young guy	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the old carpenter knows understands the young lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big kid that the happy doctor inspires approves the ecstatic guy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large kid that the little farmer greets observes the ecstatic mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the little farmer inspires admires the tiny lawyer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that the small father admires knows the miserable uncle	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the large father criticizes knows the young doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objrel_that_adj	The small kid that the large father stimulates approves the huge friend	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the large girl admires understands the happy farmer	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad kid that the joyful girl inspires confuses the little doctor	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large kid that the ecstatic guy criticizes discourages the miserable teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that the young guy engages inspires the big uncle	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the old guy understands discourages the huge mother	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young kid that the happy lawyer discourages stimulates the tiny woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large kid that the small lawyer inspires criticizes the sad carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the tiny man engages stimulates the big aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge kid that the large man observes criticizes the tiny doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the little mother avoids criticizes the large victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small kid that the old poet avoids approves the joyful guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large kid that the little singer greets confuses the miserable girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young kid that the huge singer understands remembers the ecstatic athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the tiny singer understands stimulates the ecstatic uncle	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the large teacher stimulates observes the young mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the ecstatic uncle inspires discourages the sad victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad kid that the happy uncle understands engages the old athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the sad victim avoids remembers the huge boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the ecstatic victim discourages inspires the little father	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large kid that the tiny victim encourages criticizes the old teacher	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big kid that the happy woman criticizes stimulates the old uncle	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the joyful woman encourages discourages the huge lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the tiny woman greets encourages the small uncle	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that the old woman stimulates confuses the large father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young kid that the small woman understands approves the ecstatic singer	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the sad athlete approves stimulates the young poet	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the joyful athlete avoids encourages the young uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the small athlete encourages engages the huge guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that the ecstatic athlete inspires observes the young aunt	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the large athlete understands greets the huge kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the tiny aunt avoids knows the huge carpenter	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the large aunt encourages observes the sad poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that the little boy engages avoids the old doctor	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that the large boy observes stimulates the sad farmer	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the young carpenter admires engages the ecstatic friend	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that the big carpenter admires understands the miserable man	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the tiny carpenter avoids observes the sad father	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that the tiny carpenter discourages engages the young guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that the little carpenter encourages confuses the huge father	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the young carpenter remembers greets the little friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the miserable carpenter remembers observes the ecstatic farmer	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the ecstatic doctor confuses encourages the miserable singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the young doctor discourages knows the old woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the miserable farmer admires remembers the small woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the ecstatic farmer criticizes understands the young poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the big farmer greets discourages the little aunt	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the young farmer greets understands the large poet	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that the young farmer inspires engages the huge friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the happy father discourages encourages the large boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the joyful father engages admires the ecstatic carpenter	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the huge father greets approves the small victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the ecstatic father knows understands the young boy	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the old father observes understands the tiny singer	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the sad girl avoids encourages the little poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that the ecstatic girl confuses engages the happy boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the huge girl confuses understands the small guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that the ecstatic girl knows confuses the small friend	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the happy girl knows stimulates the miserable woman	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the young girl remembers criticizes the big doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the little girl understands observes the huge carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that the young guy discourages avoids the miserable farmer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the miserable guy encourages greets the large boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that the miserable guy remembers approves the huge aunt	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the big guy remembers inspires the tiny victim	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the big guy remembers knows the miserable athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the tiny kid approves remembers the huge teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that the huge kid remembers confuses the ecstatic doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that the small kid understands discourages the miserable aunt	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the young man admires engages the small boy	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that the joyful man encourages observes the miserable carpenter	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the big man inspires discourages the little girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that the ecstatic man inspires greets the young boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the ecstatic man remembers encourages the sad poet	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the old mother stimulates engages the ecstatic carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the large poet confuses inspires the small friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that the old poet discourages observes the large teacher	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that the old poet encourages engages the ecstatic father	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the small poet inspires understands the huge woman	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the tiny poet stimulates understands the sad woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that the happy poet understands confuses the young carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the miserable singer discourages greets the happy guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that the sad singer encourages greets the happy doctor	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that the huge teacher approves discourages the little uncle	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the little teacher criticizes inspires the ecstatic doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that the happy uncle confuses discourages the large poet	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the sad uncle remembers avoids the joyful boy	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that the big uncle understands stimulates the little teacher	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the ecstatic victim discourages encourages the large singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the old victim knows greets the happy kid	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that the sad victim remembers engages the young friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the large woman avoids inspires the miserable athlete	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the happy woman encourages observes the tiny father	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small man that the large athlete discourages engages the little girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little man that the miserable athlete discourages observes the old father	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the little athlete encourages approves the small mother	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old man that the joyful athlete engages encourages the young victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy man that the small aunt avoids encourages the big kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big man that the joyful aunt knows stimulates the little victim	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy man that the miserable boy understands inspires the tiny friend	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable man that the small carpenter greets approves the happy aunt	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the large carpenter greets inspires the sad mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big man that the huge doctor confuses observes the sad teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the small doctor confuses stimulates the sad woman	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small man that the happy doctor criticizes understands the large kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the large doctor discourages admires the young friend	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable man that the old doctor encourages greets the huge farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small man that the miserable doctor engages confuses the happy girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy man that the big doctor stimulates inspires the tiny kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the young farmer inspires discourages the miserable uncle	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad man that the tiny farmer inspires knows the young mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objrel_that_adj	The small man that the sad farmer remembers approves the ecstatic mother	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little man that the big father knows avoids the miserable friend	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The little man that the young father knows criticizes the big victim	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small man that the old father stimulates discourages the big teacher	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable man that the tiny father stimulates greets the large farmer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy man that the small friend approves avoids the old woman	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the happy friend avoids discourages the old guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable man that the huge friend criticizes remembers the happy doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the young friend discourages encourages the small teacher	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad man that the little friend remembers approves the big mother	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad man that the big girl approves engages the old boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old man that the sad girl greets encourages the big mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large man that the little guy confuses admires the old carpenter	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the tiny guy engages confuses the miserable friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the sad kid remembers criticizes the small doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the happy lawyer approves inspires the big friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little man that the large lawyer discourages stimulates the old carpenter	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large man that the tiny lawyer encourages admires the miserable teacher	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the big mother confuses engages the little friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable man that the large mother discourages encourages the happy singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small man that the tiny mother greets encourages the joyful singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the ecstatic mother observes approves the happy poet	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy man that the tiny mother stimulates approves the little farmer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the huge mother understands engages the tiny girl	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad man that the tiny singer approves remembers the ecstatic girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the old singer engages observes the joyful boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the huge singer knows understands the ecstatic guy	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big man that the large singer remembers approves the huge woman	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the sad teacher greets engages the miserable friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the tiny teacher knows remembers the little lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad man that the small uncle inspires engages the happy athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the small uncle stimulates observes the young friend	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the small victim approves stimulates the little friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the little victim avoids encourages the large mother	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small man that the huge victim criticizes greets the tiny boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable man that the small victim discourages confuses the joyful woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the little woman criticizes encourages the big father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the little woman stimulates criticizes the small kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that the happy athlete confuses encourages the sad uncle	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that the tiny athlete remembers inspires the huge doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the small aunt greets encourages the joyful guy	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the ecstatic aunt inspires criticizes the huge doctor	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the sad boy greets approves the tiny lawyer	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that the large boy knows avoids the sad aunt	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that the old boy remembers approves the joyful woman	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the joyful carpenter approves avoids the small friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small mother that the joyful doctor approves confuses the young girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that the large doctor confuses encourages the sad uncle	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the little farmer approves understands the miserable teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that the small farmer engages discourages the tiny singer	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that the tiny farmer greets approves the sad poet	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad mother that the miserable father avoids criticizes the tiny farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad mother that the ecstatic father avoids greets the happy aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad mother that the tiny father encourages knows the little woman	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the miserable father engages confuses the old doctor	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old mother that the young father greets engages the small guy	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the sad father inspires greets the young lawyer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that the big father observes avoids the sad man	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that the old father observes remembers the young teacher	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the large father remembers avoids the miserable poet	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the little friend engages observes the old man	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large mother that the small girl criticizes knows the tiny woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objrel_that_adj	The sad mother that the big girl inspires observes the large singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the large girl inspires remembers the young poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the small girl inspires stimulates the tiny friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large mother that the huge guy approves avoids the little farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old mother that the joyful guy engages greets the small doctor	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy mother that the large kid confuses knows the miserable woman	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objrel_that_adj	The sad mother that the big kid encourages stimulates the joyful uncle	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the miserable kid remembers knows the ecstatic man	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objrel_that_adj	The small mother that the young kid understands stimulates the sad woman	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old mother that the huge lawyer inspires admires the ecstatic guy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young mother that the old man admires greets the small woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the huge man greets observes the miserable friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the large man inspires understands the happy poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the miserable man stimulates understands the happy girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large mother that the small poet discourages remembers the happy lawyer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the joyful poet knows encourages the small singer	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the old poet observes approves the happy athlete	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the happy singer admires stimulates the young father	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the miserable singer approves understands the large boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the little singer knows inspires the old man	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that the little teacher remembers engages the large carpenter	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young mother that the ecstatic uncle approves admires the tiny poet	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small mother that the old uncle greets remembers the large girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the sad uncle remembers encourages the small athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad mother that the small uncle stimulates confuses the young singer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy mother that the joyful uncle stimulates encourages the tiny woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small mother that the old victim avoids stimulates the little lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the young victim confuses inspires the large poet	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young mother that the small victim criticizes understands the large farmer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the old victim encourages admires the large girl	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small mother that the tiny victim knows confuses the ecstatic man	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the old woman avoids confuses the sad carpenter	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large mother that the old woman confuses remembers the huge girl	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that the big woman inspires understands the happy singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big poet that the joyful athlete approves remembers the little carpenter	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the young athlete greets engages the tiny girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young poet that the joyful athlete knows understands the sad father	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that the sad aunt stimulates observes the old lawyer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the huge boy approves inspires the tiny doctor	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the tiny boy encourages admires the sad friend	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that the little boy greets knows the joyful doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that the happy boy understands greets the old guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the joyful carpenter approves confuses the tiny guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small poet that the little carpenter approves observes the large girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big poet that the sad doctor knows stimulates the small mother	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the small farmer approves criticizes the miserable man	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the ecstatic farmer confuses greets the miserable boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small poet that the little farmer inspires remembers the miserable aunt	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small poet that the huge farmer remembers encourages the joyful singer	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that the joyful father admires greets the young woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that the young father knows engages the ecstatic uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the miserable friend engages stimulates the big singer	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young poet that the sad girl admires encourages the large friend	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the miserable girl avoids remembers the young woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young poet that the little girl understands encourages the large uncle	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the ecstatic guy remembers confuses the big girl	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that the old kid encourages knows the happy boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the huge lawyer discourages avoids the tiny friend	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the sad lawyer greets encourages the old singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the joyful lawyer understands stimulates the tiny guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the joyful man stimulates discourages the miserable guy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the ecstatic man stimulates observes the joyful doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the old mother approves confuses the young lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the large mother encourages engages the small woman	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The big poet that the joyful singer greets confuses the happy father	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that the tiny singer greets observes the happy carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the little teacher discourages knows the large woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the large uncle stimulates encourages the big aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the huge uncle understands engages the happy mother	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the joyful victim admires approves the happy friend	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small poet that the tiny victim approves discourages the ecstatic farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the big victim avoids inspires the little singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young poet that the big victim encourages stimulates the little teacher	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that the old victim engages stimulates the young boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the small victim observes understands the joyful father	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the huge woman approves stimulates the miserable lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that the big woman avoids inspires the old victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that the huge athlete stimulates admires the joyful doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that the old carpenter admires confuses the large aunt	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that the tiny carpenter discourages understands the old farmer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young singer that the small carpenter understands encourages the happy victim	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big singer that the little doctor engages knows the sad farmer	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objrel_that_adj	The sad singer that the ecstatic doctor understands engages the old boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that the small farmer inspires criticizes the young kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that the huge father avoids observes the happy kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge singer that the big father encourages discourages the large uncle	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that the happy father stimulates criticizes the young guy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large singer that the happy friend encourages stimulates the joyful lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that the ecstatic friend engages confuses the young carpenter	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy singer that the huge girl knows understands the sad boy	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big singer that the ecstatic girl remembers approves the happy mother	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small singer that the happy girl remembers confuses the miserable farmer	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old singer that the huge guy admires avoids the ecstatic friend	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big singer that the little guy confuses observes the tiny teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objrel_that_adj	The happy singer that the joyful guy stimulates inspires the old woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big singer that the miserable kid knows discourages the large poet	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The big singer that the tiny lawyer admires greets the joyful carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that the ecstatic lawyer admires understands the huge victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young singer that the little lawyer stimulates encourages the huge father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy singer that the small man admires observes the joyful kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad singer that the happy poet admires encourages the ecstatic lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge singer that the young poet discourages remembers the miserable guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The little singer that the big teacher criticizes approves the old guy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad singer that the ecstatic uncle avoids knows the old guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objrel_that_adj	The old singer that the little uncle discourages remembers the happy teacher	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that the big uncle encourages admires the miserable kid	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young singer that the small uncle remembers avoids the huge guy	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that the young victim encourages remembers the small friend	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that the huge woman admires greets the small boy	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that the miserable woman approves avoids the happy teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that the large athlete approves knows the tiny guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that the big athlete encourages stimulates the tiny lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large teacher that the sad athlete stimulates greets the ecstatic father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that the large aunt admires encourages the joyful poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that the large aunt greets discourages the big friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little teacher that the ecstatic aunt inspires knows the sad woman	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that the old aunt remembers approves the small doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the small boy approves remembers the joyful man	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that the happy boy avoids confuses the ecstatic guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the old boy understands encourages the joyful carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big teacher that the sad carpenter admires greets the happy mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young teacher that the small carpenter admires stimulates the little aunt	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small teacher that the joyful carpenter avoids discourages the old farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that the miserable carpenter encourages remembers the old friend	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The little teacher that the miserable doctor avoids inspires the happy uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that the joyful doctor confuses admires the ecstatic singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that the tiny doctor inspires admires the young mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that the joyful doctor inspires engages the big kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the huge farmer criticizes engages the miserable father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that the huge farmer criticizes knows the big athlete	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the sad farmer understands approves the old victim	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the sad farmer understands observes the small uncle	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big teacher that the happy father confuses approves the miserable guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that the miserable father discourages greets the large man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that the happy girl admires understands the huge athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that the tiny girl confuses understands the huge lawyer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that the joyful girl remembers approves the young victim	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that the huge guy stimulates discourages the large mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that the sad kid approves stimulates the huge friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the small lawyer approves inspires the big boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small teacher that the big lawyer engages greets the happy woman	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that the huge lawyer knows discourages the happy man	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The big teacher that the large man confuses criticizes the old farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that the small man encourages greets the large woman	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that the big man inspires engages the joyful woman	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small teacher that the young mother engages approves the ecstatic girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old teacher that the young mother greets stimulates the miserable athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the sad mother remembers encourages the miserable boy	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big teacher that the huge poet admires approves the happy guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big teacher that the old poet confuses knows the sad carpenter	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objrel_that_adj	The big teacher that the miserable poet inspires understands the old father	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the ecstatic singer criticizes stimulates the sad carpenter	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that the sad singer inspires knows the tiny woman	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that the miserable uncle confuses encourages the huge singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large teacher that the old uncle encourages stimulates the huge farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that the sad uncle greets understands the large mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that the young uncle remembers stimulates the huge guy	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that the ecstatic uncle stimulates observes the old woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objrel_that_adj	The young teacher that the little victim criticizes greets the big boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that the small victim criticizes knows the huge poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that the happy victim encourages inspires the young carpenter	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that the sad woman criticizes discourages the old mother	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that the big woman criticizes discourages the tiny victim	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that the big woman inspires confuses the miserable mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the large athlete criticizes confuses the sad boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small uncle that the large athlete discourages engages the big teacher	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the large athlete understands engages the miserable lawyer	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old uncle that the huge aunt admires observes the happy doctor	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the little aunt engages encourages the old farmer	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The little uncle that the huge aunt remembers discourages the sad doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young uncle that the little aunt understands knows the happy carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that the young boy engages understands the joyful father	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young uncle that the big boy inspires criticizes the joyful victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the small boy observes admires the sad singer	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the miserable boy remembers confuses the little kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small uncle that the joyful carpenter encourages approves the happy friend	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small uncle that the joyful doctor greets encourages the big carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the miserable farmer approves knows the young girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that the tiny farmer engages encourages the small victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the huge farmer greets engages the miserable mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the sad farmer stimulates greets the ecstatic mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young uncle that the sad friend approves criticizes the old teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the joyful friend discourages inspires the small carpenter	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the miserable friend greets avoids the huge carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that the big girl admires criticizes the miserable carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The little uncle that the miserable girl confuses remembers the old singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old uncle that the small girl discourages observes the sad man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that the tiny girl understands encourages the sad woman	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the ecstatic guy criticizes admires the joyful aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the joyful guy criticizes confuses the happy athlete	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that the happy kid criticizes admires the little girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young uncle that the joyful lawyer approves understands the big poet	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the tiny lawyer engages approves the miserable mother	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the joyful man encourages criticizes the big poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the joyful man remembers discourages the large lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the small mother approves admires the tiny friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little uncle that the young mother avoids discourages the miserable singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that the joyful mother criticizes approves the little athlete	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that the small mother discourages remembers the young kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that the young poet admires discourages the huge mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little uncle that the sad poet encourages greets the big doctor	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the joyful poet greets criticizes the ecstatic aunt	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The old uncle that the small singer admires observes the tiny teacher	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that the huge singer approves greets the small doctor	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that the happy singer engages discourages the large mother	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the happy teacher criticizes discourages the tiny woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little uncle that the tiny teacher encourages greets the miserable kid	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that the big teacher engages observes the little friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the sad teacher greets admires the ecstatic carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the large victim criticizes inspires the old teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that the young victim encourages stimulates the happy teacher	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the old victim remembers criticizes the young girl	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that the tiny woman confuses greets the huge victim	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small uncle that the sad woman criticizes discourages the miserable boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that the joyful woman remembers encourages the small athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large victim that the tiny athlete discourages approves the sad carpenter	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that the small athlete engages criticizes the joyful girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small victim that the ecstatic athlete engages encourages the large girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the old athlete inspires knows the tiny boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the little athlete inspires understands the sad singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big victim that the tiny aunt confuses admires the joyful farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the young aunt engages discourages the old guy	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy victim that the old aunt greets approves the huge poet	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the joyful aunt knows inspires the huge farmer	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young victim that the small aunt understands criticizes the large man	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The old victim that the happy boy approves stimulates the little singer	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large victim that the miserable boy discourages understands the young uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy victim that the huge carpenter encourages remembers the young boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the sad carpenter engages greets the tiny doctor	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy victim that the large carpenter inspires avoids the young aunt	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old victim that the little carpenter inspires knows the sad teacher	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the old doctor approves understands the big mother	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big victim that the huge doctor confuses encourages the happy kid	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the little doctor discourages greets the miserable athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big victim that the huge farmer avoids inspires the ecstatic aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy victim that the ecstatic farmer discourages observes the young friend	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large victim that the happy farmer engages observes the joyful woman	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the large farmer remembers greets the huge lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old victim that the joyful farmer stimulates confuses the young lawyer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old victim that the huge father approves remembers the happy man	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the big father criticizes engages the old woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the young father criticizes understands the miserable carpenter	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel_that_adj	The small victim that the young father greets admires the sad guy	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel_that_adj	The happy victim that the big friend admires remembers the ecstatic teacher	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old victim that the miserable girl criticizes avoids the small kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small victim that the young girl discourages engages the little woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the joyful girl discourages inspires the little uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the small guy approves encourages the huge farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the small guy encourages admires the ecstatic doctor	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that the joyful guy remembers stimulates the young kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small victim that the tiny kid avoids engages the miserable carpenter	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the joyful kid confuses inspires the sad girl	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the huge kid engages remembers the happy farmer	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small victim that the young lawyer confuses engages the large girl	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the little lawyer confuses stimulates the old father	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that the old lawyer greets encourages the big carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big victim that the sad man avoids knows the large poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the ecstatic man discourages observes the miserable poet	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that the huge mother criticizes confuses the little man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that the large mother discourages knows the huge carpenter	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the young mother observes encourages the old guy	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that the sad poet criticizes understands the young uncle	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the young poet engages inspires the ecstatic mother	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that the young poet knows engages the huge singer	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large victim that the big poet knows inspires the ecstatic farmer	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the big singer admires approves the young guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the happy teacher criticizes observes the tiny carpenter	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
objrel_that_adj	The young victim that the joyful teacher knows avoids the miserable lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the tiny uncle confuses observes the small farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that the old uncle encourages approves the happy singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large victim that the joyful uncle stimulates criticizes the big boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the old woman approves discourages the ecstatic father	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that the huge woman approves stimulates the miserable teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large victim that the sad woman discourages stimulates the huge carpenter	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge victim that the happy woman encourages observes the young athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that the small woman remembers observes the little teacher	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the large athlete encourages discourages the joyful victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little woman that the happy athlete greets knows the joyful singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that the large athlete understands avoids the big singer	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the little aunt discourages knows the tiny boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The big woman that the ecstatic aunt knows observes the joyful girl	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel_that_adj	The happy woman that the huge aunt observes discourages the tiny athlete	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad woman that the old boy discourages avoids the young father	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the tiny boy inspires remembers the little farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the happy carpenter admires approves the young athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that the large doctor approves engages the sad boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy woman that the old doctor discourages confuses the little kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the little doctor discourages knows the sad guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The big woman that the miserable friend avoids greets the sad kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little woman that the tiny friend understands admires the huge man	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the sad friend understands observes the miserable victim	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large woman that the little girl admires encourages the tiny athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small woman that the ecstatic girl understands approves the sad carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that the little guy inspires remembers the small victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the ecstatic kid admires criticizes the miserable boy	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big woman that the little kid greets confuses the young girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the big lawyer admires greets the little boy	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that the little lawyer criticizes confuses the ecstatic father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad woman that the young lawyer greets observes the huge teacher	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small woman that the happy lawyer inspires knows the old farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the happy lawyer understands encourages the joyful singer	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the ecstatic man approves confuses the happy mother	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the tiny man discourages avoids the large athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large woman that the huge man knows observes the happy boy	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big woman that the sad man stimulates inspires the little victim	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that the small mother greets confuses the large singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little woman that the large mother remembers understands the happy father	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that the little poet avoids understands the young farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that the old poet remembers avoids the large victim	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the little poet remembers greets the big doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the happy poet stimulates confuses the big friend	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small woman that the tiny singer encourages understands the ecstatic carpenter	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that the miserable singer stimulates approves the tiny lawyer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big woman that the young teacher remembers engages the happy girl	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that the huge teacher stimulates criticizes the small girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the young uncle discourages confuses the small boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the joyful uncle engages greets the happy athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big woman that the sad uncle stimulates approves the old kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the ecstatic victim avoids approves the big boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large woman that the happy victim remembers confuses the huge teacher	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the happy aunt discourages engages the large women	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that the big aunt stimulates discourages the little fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the big boy criticizes remembers the miserable doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large athlete that the miserable boy knows criticizes the young men	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The young athlete that the ecstatic carpenter understands remembers the big women	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that the tiny doctor understands greets the small aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old athlete that the sad farmer engages observes the big poets	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that the ecstatic father criticizes knows the little victims	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel_that_adj	The big athlete that the ecstatic father encourages confuses the small singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big athlete that the huge father greets knows the old friends	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
objrel_that_adj	The young athlete that the old girl avoids confuses the huge kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the young girl confuses understands the ecstatic farmers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big athlete that the miserable kid confuses stimulates the large aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the sad kid encourages knows the big mothers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The small athlete that the miserable lawyer inspires engages the sad girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small athlete that the big lawyer observes remembers the miserable farmers	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the ecstatic lawyer understands observes the huge victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that the joyful man engages knows the ecstatic friends	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the miserable man knows remembers the big uncles	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that the joyful mother criticizes remembers the sad boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young athlete that the small mother encourages admires the happy singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big athlete that the sad poet inspires observes the happy friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the old poet inspires stimulates the joyful friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The big athlete that the happy teacher approves avoids the small friends	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the happy uncle engages encourages the miserable girls	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that the big uncle greets knows the joyful kids	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
objrel_that_adj	The young athlete that the large uncle remembers discourages the old victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The big athlete that the little victim admires approves the small farmers	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the ecstatic victim approves discourages the miserable lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The big athlete that the small victim criticizes engages the old men	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the tiny victim discourages admires the ecstatic boys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that the ecstatic victim discourages stimulates the little girls	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that the young victim engages avoids the big women	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old athlete that the young woman confuses inspires the big lawyers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that the huge athlete admires observes the big friends	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the sad athlete confuses admires the small kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that the ecstatic athlete discourages approves the old fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little aunt that the joyful athlete inspires avoids the old friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that the little athlete knows avoids the small doctors	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that the old boy avoids knows the tiny fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
objrel_that_adj	The old aunt that the miserable boy criticizes approves the joyful farmers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old aunt that the happy boy encourages engages the tiny farmers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that the huge boy observes discourages the little friends	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The big aunt that the happy boy remembers engages the joyful doctors	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old aunt that the huge doctor encourages inspires the small friends	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young aunt that the tiny doctor greets knows the small women	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
objrel_that_adj	The big aunt that the little doctor observes understands the joyful teachers	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little aunt that the ecstatic doctor remembers avoids the old farmers	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that the young farmer inspires admires the small women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that the tiny farmer understands greets the young women	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young aunt that the old father avoids greets the joyful doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young aunt that the joyful friend criticizes avoids the old girls	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The little aunt that the ecstatic friend greets avoids the happy carpenters	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the tiny friend inspires remembers the old uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that the happy friend stimulates engages the large guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that the small girl inspires understands the big singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that the sad girl knows approves the little carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that the miserable girl remembers knows the sad friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
objrel_that_adj	The young aunt that the sad kid criticizes knows the little friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the happy kid inspires criticizes the big singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big aunt that the sad kid stimulates admires the large victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that the little lawyer avoids admires the huge friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that the young lawyer confuses admires the huge athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small aunt that the joyful lawyer criticizes approves the big kids	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that the small lawyer criticizes remembers the sad fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that the joyful man admires observes the large fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that the little man admires stimulates the big poets	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that the small man confuses avoids the old boys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that the miserable man confuses remembers the happy fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old aunt that the big man encourages avoids the happy teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The little aunt that the large man greets remembers the joyful guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel_that_adj	The little aunt that the huge man knows encourages the ecstatic guys	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big aunt that the ecstatic man remembers observes the little victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that the tiny man stimulates admires the small kids	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big aunt that the huge mother engages approves the tiny victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that the tiny mother observes discourages the happy singers	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the sad poet encourages knows the old kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that the young poet greets inspires the big lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that the huge singer admires observes the ecstatic friends	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that the tiny singer approves admires the happy women	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that the old singer discourages engages the tiny girls	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young aunt that the old singer inspires remembers the sad mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small aunt that the young singer stimulates engages the ecstatic farmers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the huge singer understands knows the happy guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
objrel_that_adj	The old aunt that the ecstatic teacher approves discourages the huge victims	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the joyful teacher confuses avoids the small girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The little aunt that the old uncle greets remembers the huge carpenters	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that the big victim knows stimulates the miserable friends	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that the happy woman admires engages the huge boys	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that the young woman criticizes understands the sad victims	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
objrel_that_adj	The small aunt that the miserable woman greets inspires the little poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy boy that the miserable athlete inspires greets the huge men	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy boy that the huge carpenter encourages inspires the large doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big boy that the young carpenter observes inspires the little fathers	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The old boy that the happy carpenter understands observes the sad men	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big boy that the huge doctor understands stimulates the ecstatic lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the joyful farmer confuses approves the miserable kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the miserable farmer engages remembers the joyful aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad boy that the joyful father admires engages the miserable aunts	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad boy that the small father avoids discourages the miserable carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the small father inspires observes the huge singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old boy that the young father understands engages the tiny men	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old boy that the huge friend avoids discourages the little mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the happy friend knows encourages the joyful kids	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the big girl approves understands the miserable friends	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that the sad girl remembers knows the huge uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the sad girl stimulates understands the joyful uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy boy that the tiny guy approves admires the young athletes	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the big guy approves confuses the tiny mothers	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the large guy inspires confuses the sad fathers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little boy that the old kid avoids stimulates the small friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the little kid discourages stimulates the joyful teachers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small boy that the joyful kid stimulates engages the ecstatic farmers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The big boy that the small lawyer observes approves the huge guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that the small lawyer understands inspires the old uncles	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that the huge man approves understands the large fathers	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the small man observes understands the old singers	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the ecstatic mother stimulates encourages the happy doctors	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the tiny poet confuses greets the big men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad boy that the young poet discourages admires the ecstatic athletes	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big boy that the young poet engages approves the large lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the miserable poet greets knows the big farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the small singer inspires observes the little mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the happy singer remembers engages the miserable women	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the sad singer understands criticizes the happy friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The huge boy that the joyful uncle inspires observes the large fathers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old boy that the young uncle observes understands the little kids	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that the happy uncle stimulates knows the old fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the big victim knows admires the large teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the joyful victim observes engages the little girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that the miserable woman greets remembers the large uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the miserable woman inspires confuses the young girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old boy that the big woman understands avoids the sad mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that the little athlete criticizes knows the small aunts	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the huge aunt discourages approves the little athletes	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the old aunt engages confuses the huge uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the small aunt greets confuses the miserable guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that the huge boy inspires understands the tiny girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the old boy remembers discourages the small women	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that the old farmer stimulates encourages the huge uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that the young farmer understands knows the happy fathers	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the joyful farmer understands stimulates the tiny singers	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that the large farmer understands stimulates the tiny uncles	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that the old father approves avoids the big girls	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that the miserable father discourages observes the young uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that the small father stimulates admires the little mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that the little friend engages encourages the sad victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the huge friend knows engages the sad victims	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that the big friend observes remembers the small women	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that the large girl approves observes the miserable boys	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that the little girl avoids remembers the tiny friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that the young girl stimulates approves the miserable guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that the little guy knows approves the ecstatic teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that the joyful guy remembers encourages the little uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that the big guy stimulates engages the small teachers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that the large guy stimulates knows the little farmers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the large guy understands encourages the huge aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the happy kid avoids admires the joyful women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the miserable kid engages knows the old victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that the little lawyer admires knows the young men	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that the young lawyer knows approves the happy doctors	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the ecstatic man encourages criticizes the small guys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that the large man encourages knows the ecstatic athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that the young man observes discourages the old farmers	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that the small man observes greets the joyful girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that the small mother criticizes confuses the miserable lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that the joyful mother discourages criticizes the big poets	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that the miserable mother stimulates greets the small poets	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that the big poet encourages engages the little singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the ecstatic poet inspires stimulates the little uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the large singer avoids confuses the small kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that the old singer avoids greets the little men	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the tiny singer encourages approves the sad men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that the small singer encourages knows the tiny women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the small singer knows inspires the tiny aunts	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the tiny singer stimulates greets the young boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that the young teacher admires knows the big farmers	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that the happy teacher encourages discourages the tiny women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that the huge teacher engages remembers the happy mothers	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that the large teacher remembers encourages the little mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that the big uncle knows inspires the happy boys	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that the old uncle understands avoids the sad guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the joyful victim knows approves the small friends	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that the ecstatic victim knows engages the happy singers	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the sad victim remembers greets the large men	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that the tiny athlete confuses greets the joyful singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the big aunt admires greets the young singers	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young doctor that the old aunt confuses understands the little kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the sad aunt discourages admires the tiny kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the sad aunt encourages inspires the joyful carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that the miserable aunt inspires admires the huge teachers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the young aunt stimulates engages the ecstatic poets	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that the little boy admires approves the huge uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the young boy avoids encourages the little friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large doctor that the happy boy confuses stimulates the big kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large doctor that the huge farmer confuses avoids the happy friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the ecstatic farmer observes greets the happy mothers	singular	singular	plural	observe	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young doctor that the old farmer remembers approves the happy singers	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large doctor that the little father approves admires the small farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big doctor that the old father engages knows the small athletes	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that the young father greets discourages the joyful uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that the happy friend discourages observes the ecstatic men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the ecstatic girl confuses encourages the happy uncles	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that the large guy admires stimulates the sad girls	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the old guy approves avoids the large poets	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large doctor that the happy guy approves criticizes the young kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the old guy greets engages the ecstatic carpenters	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the miserable kid encourages discourages the ecstatic athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the happy kid inspires greets the large women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that the happy kid observes remembers the young teachers	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that the joyful kid understands confuses the old carpenters	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the big lawyer greets approves the large singers	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that the young lawyer remembers discourages the big boys	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large doctor that the tiny man approves knows the old uncles	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the tiny man confuses engages the ecstatic guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that the tiny man greets stimulates the happy uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young doctor that the old man remembers criticizes the joyful fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the sad mother admires observes the tiny teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the old mother confuses knows the miserable men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the tiny mother knows observes the old lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the young mother remembers inspires the large girls	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the large poet approves observes the big women	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that the miserable singer avoids discourages the joyful women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the old singer stimulates engages the large fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the sad teacher discourages engages the little singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large doctor that the ecstatic teacher inspires stimulates the miserable fathers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that the tiny teacher observes discourages the little uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that the ecstatic teacher remembers confuses the large friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the sad uncle encourages confuses the big teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big doctor that the miserable uncle encourages stimulates the huge singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the small victim approves admires the tiny farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young doctor that the tiny victim avoids stimulates the big farmers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young doctor that the small victim knows criticizes the happy kids	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the young victim remembers stimulates the little friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that the sad woman approves criticizes the tiny friends	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big doctor that the miserable woman discourages engages the old fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that the ecstatic woman greets encourages the huge teachers	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the joyful woman stimulates avoids the ecstatic friends	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old farmer that the small athlete approves admires the sad carpenters	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little farmer that the ecstatic athlete knows approves the tiny uncles	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big farmer that the tiny athlete knows inspires the miserable men	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big farmer that the old athlete stimulates remembers the miserable friends	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the tiny aunt admires observes the ecstatic women	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large farmer that the little aunt confuses discourages the small singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the large boy criticizes greets the young men	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that the large boy engages discourages the big mothers	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that the small boy inspires understands the big guys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the old boy remembers criticizes the huge aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the little boy remembers observes the old women	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the huge carpenter avoids admires the joyful women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel_that_adj	The large farmer that the miserable carpenter criticizes inspires the big aunts	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big farmer that the ecstatic carpenter encourages inspires the miserable poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big farmer that the old carpenter knows stimulates the small teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that the big carpenter stimulates remembers the small uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the happy doctor criticizes admires the big athletes	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the small doctor stimulates engages the joyful aunts	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young farmer that the old doctor understands stimulates the tiny fathers	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that the joyful friend engages admires the tiny fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the big friend engages knows the young boys	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that the little friend greets understands the joyful doctors	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young farmer that the big friend observes admires the sad aunts	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that the young friend observes admires the joyful uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that the ecstatic friend observes greets the old poets	singular	singular	plural	observe	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large farmer that the tiny friend remembers greets the sad athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the huge girl confuses engages the ecstatic doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that the miserable girl inspires admires the young guys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old farmer that the young guy discourages encourages the big men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the huge guy engages remembers the large aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the little guy greets admires the tiny poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big farmer that the happy guy knows stimulates the huge carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little farmer that the joyful kid approves observes the young boys	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large farmer that the joyful kid confuses understands the little women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the sad lawyer admires avoids the tiny kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the happy lawyer admires knows the young mothers	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that the big lawyer confuses understands the happy teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that the old lawyer inspires avoids the miserable aunts	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the tiny lawyer observes approves the little girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the happy man admires stimulates the joyful carpenters	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the young man confuses avoids the little carpenters	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The little farmer that the large man criticizes greets the young kids	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that the ecstatic man encourages observes the young kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little farmer that the miserable poet admires encourages the joyful fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the huge poet confuses stimulates the tiny singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the little poet engages criticizes the miserable men	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the young singer admires observes the old victims	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that the old singer criticizes stimulates the large fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the huge singer encourages remembers the sad friends	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that the happy singer remembers encourages the huge uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that the ecstatic singer stimulates approves the large women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the old teacher admires approves the sad men	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that the old teacher admires stimulates the small athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the large uncle admires criticizes the big fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large farmer that the ecstatic victim discourages greets the tiny aunts	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that the large victim remembers observes the miserable uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
objrel_that_adj	The young farmer that the large woman approves confuses the tiny fathers	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old farmer that the sad woman confuses stimulates the miserable men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the big woman engages approves the old men	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that the large woman engages encourages the young poets	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the happy woman greets remembers the miserable guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old father that the miserable athlete stimulates discourages the huge women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the ecstatic aunt approves inspires the tiny singers	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the old aunt encourages confuses the little carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny father that the huge aunt remembers encourages the ecstatic mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large father that the miserable boy observes admires the tiny uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
objrel_that_adj	The huge father that the little boy observes greets the ecstatic teachers	singular	singular	plural	observe	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big father that the tiny carpenter greets admires the huge lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	admire
objrel_that_adj	The happy father that the little doctor approves discourages the young girls	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old father that the big doctor discourages stimulates the tiny victims	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy father that the ecstatic doctor stimulates discourages the joyful aunts	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old father that the little farmer knows remembers the ecstatic singers	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge father that the sad friend knows confuses the happy guys	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy father that the ecstatic girl confuses observes the small poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the sad girl remembers inspires the huge mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young father that the small guy greets criticizes the ecstatic lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the tiny kid discourages approves the young mothers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge father that the big lawyer approves knows the young guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel_that_adj	The large father that the sad man criticizes stimulates the huge uncles	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small father that the ecstatic man remembers avoids the huge women	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big father that the miserable mother engages avoids the huge teachers	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big father that the joyful mother engages greets the miserable teachers	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy father that the young poet encourages avoids the tiny farmers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the joyful singer engages remembers the young uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young father that the tiny singer inspires approves the little friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the big singer inspires understands the happy uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the old singer understands admires the happy carpenters	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young father that the huge teacher greets avoids the big poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy father that the large uncle approves criticizes the little kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The young father that the sad uncle observes remembers the old athletes	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small father that the old victim confuses greets the big doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the little victim greets observes the large lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad father that the happy victim greets understands the little doctors	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy father that the miserable victim remembers observes the small carpenters	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad father that the joyful victim stimulates engages the large singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old father that the ecstatic woman criticizes encourages the happy aunts	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny father that the old woman greets discourages the sad victims	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the big woman inspires admires the little friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old friend that the large athlete avoids discourages the tiny uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the miserable athlete greets inspires the huge doctors	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the joyful athlete knows inspires the big kids	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The old friend that the large athlete observes engages the tiny aunts	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the huge boy confuses approves the sad women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little friend that the young boy confuses avoids the ecstatic lawyers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The little friend that the miserable boy criticizes understands the ecstatic poets	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the ecstatic boy understands inspires the young doctors	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge friend that the joyful carpenter avoids admires the large girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big friend that the miserable carpenter avoids criticizes the tiny doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad friend that the big carpenter encourages observes the little singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the huge doctor approves stimulates the large teachers	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the little doctor criticizes knows the miserable girls	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel_that_adj	The big friend that the little doctor stimulates understands the old mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the small farmer approves engages the big guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that the tiny farmer avoids encourages the little uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the happy farmer confuses criticizes the sad victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the big farmer encourages greets the small victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the joyful farmer engages discourages the tiny athletes	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the miserable farmer knows understands the old poets	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the large father engages avoids the happy mothers	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the happy father observes confuses the joyful carpenters	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old friend that the ecstatic girl discourages encourages the happy guys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that the huge girl inspires knows the old athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
objrel_that_adj	The sad friend that the small girl inspires observes the joyful lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the tiny guy stimulates observes the little doctors	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big friend that the ecstatic kid remembers confuses the little uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the large lawyer admires confuses the huge mothers	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the joyful lawyer avoids encourages the large boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old friend that the huge man discourages knows the joyful poets	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The little friend that the big man greets observes the huge kids	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the joyful mother admires remembers the little carpenters	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the joyful mother confuses encourages the miserable guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the big mother criticizes avoids the sad athletes	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that the little mother understands encourages the sad boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad friend that the ecstatic poet understands avoids the young doctors	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big friend that the sad poet understands avoids the happy uncles	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the joyful singer engages encourages the little victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the old singer greets approves the young victims	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the sad singer remembers understands the ecstatic men	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad friend that the joyful teacher admires discourages the miserable women	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old friend that the huge teacher approves remembers the miserable guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the joyful teacher confuses admires the ecstatic aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the happy teacher understands engages the ecstatic guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the large uncle approves avoids the sad singers	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the joyful uncle remembers admires the big athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the happy victim admires discourages the big athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the tiny victim approves inspires the joyful carpenters	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that the joyful victim engages encourages the big carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the old woman inspires confuses the small aunts	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the little woman remembers inspires the sad aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the large woman remembers understands the old lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the large athlete encourages admires the huge doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the joyful aunt engages remembers the ecstatic victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that the sad aunt observes remembers the happy teachers	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the happy aunt remembers knows the little poets	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that the large boy criticizes discourages the sad women	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the huge boy encourages stimulates the miserable men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that the huge boy understands discourages the ecstatic victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge girl that the young carpenter approves admires the big women	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the ecstatic carpenter engages stimulates the young teachers	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the small carpenter greets approves the large lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the sad carpenter greets observes the little fathers	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that the big doctor confuses stimulates the old singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the happy doctor discourages avoids the sad singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the miserable doctor inspires discourages the happy victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the joyful doctor observes admires the tiny carpenters	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the small doctor remembers approves the sad aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the big farmer approves observes the little mothers	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the large farmer discourages approves the old carpenters	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the little farmer observes confuses the tiny poets	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the joyful father inspires avoids the ecstatic victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the large father observes discourages the huge athletes	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that the tiny guy greets approves the joyful boys	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that the old guy stimulates encourages the big mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the joyful guy stimulates greets the huge poets	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the large kid approves greets the sad farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small girl that the miserable kid avoids admires the happy fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the small kid confuses engages the joyful friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small girl that the huge kid greets avoids the miserable lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small girl that the big kid inspires approves the tiny singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the sad kid understands criticizes the big teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the little lawyer approves inspires the big kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge girl that the small lawyer criticizes confuses the joyful fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young girl that the big lawyer engages greets the old singers	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small girl that the ecstatic man criticizes greets the little victims	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the big man stimulates approves the huge women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the miserable mother knows inspires the small athletes	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the huge poet engages greets the small farmers	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge girl that the happy poet inspires knows the old singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
objrel_that_adj	The huge girl that the young poet observes avoids the joyful boys	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that the small singer criticizes avoids the little uncles	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the little singer inspires avoids the old carpenters	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the old singer observes remembers the small athletes	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small girl that the tiny teacher confuses discourages the young poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the miserable uncle confuses understands the big doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the huge uncle inspires engages the big boys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the large uncle knows discourages the ecstatic doctors	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge girl that the small uncle understands discourages the young men	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young girl that the ecstatic victim discourages encourages the big mothers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the small victim remembers knows the huge poets	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the joyful woman admires approves the little lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The young girl that the old woman discourages greets the miserable kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the huge woman engages stimulates the young uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the joyful woman inspires approves the young boys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large girl that the small woman observes greets the happy uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the old athlete confuses stimulates the large women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the young athlete discourages remembers the big kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that the large athlete engages inspires the miserable mothers	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that the large aunt encourages understands the small farmers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The small guy that the huge aunt knows confuses the joyful carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the miserable boy confuses greets the large women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge guy that the tiny boy engages observes the miserable doctors	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the sad boy stimulates observes the happy athletes	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that the large boy understands stimulates the ecstatic teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that the ecstatic carpenter avoids observes the happy victims	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the young carpenter confuses criticizes the big singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that the young carpenter greets confuses the joyful kids	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge guy that the sad carpenter greets discourages the old uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that the old carpenter stimulates observes the joyful farmers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the little doctor avoids encourages the huge uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the sad doctor discourages understands the young fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the small doctor encourages inspires the ecstatic poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The old guy that the happy doctor inspires confuses the young uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little guy that the miserable doctor stimulates greets the old boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge guy that the old farmer avoids greets the joyful lawyers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the small father avoids encourages the little boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the miserable father inspires remembers the joyful mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that the old friend discourages admires the tiny fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that the large girl approves understands the small boys	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the small girl inspires understands the huge teachers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that the old girl stimulates greets the large singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the huge girl understands criticizes the young women	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the large girl understands engages the small singers	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small guy that the miserable lawyer approves remembers the huge women	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that the little lawyer greets approves the young doctors	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the young man approves greets the miserable doctors	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the large man encourages approves the tiny mothers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the old mother knows encourages the small poets	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the young mother stimulates discourages the ecstatic teachers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the ecstatic mother understands knows the small farmers	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
objrel_that_adj	The small guy that the tiny poet stimulates knows the ecstatic carpenters	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel_that_adj	The old guy that the sad poet understands inspires the miserable mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The old guy that the huge singer admires encourages the happy aunts	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The little guy that the sad teacher knows approves the big fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the young uncle remembers understands the little poets	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old guy that the ecstatic victim approves understands the happy women	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that the old victim avoids observes the young mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the miserable victim inspires criticizes the tiny carpenters	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The old guy that the huge victim knows engages the tiny lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that the big victim remembers discourages the large girls	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the small athlete admires stimulates the big women	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the big aunt admires confuses the young athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the small aunt admires observes the sad doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad kid that the happy aunt confuses admires the young guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the huge aunt confuses admires the miserable poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the tiny aunt criticizes confuses the young carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the big aunt criticizes knows the ecstatic women	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that the huge aunt engages understands the sad fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the happy aunt inspires encourages the little lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad kid that the joyful aunt understands discourages the happy athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge kid that the little boy criticizes avoids the small aunts	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young kid that the sad boy stimulates approves the old doctors	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad kid that the young boy understands engages the miserable women	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young kid that the miserable carpenter confuses knows the old doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the small carpenter encourages understands the sad doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large kid that the ecstatic carpenter understands criticizes the happy mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the tiny doctor inspires observes the joyful farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that the ecstatic farmer inspires admires the joyful women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that the huge father engages inspires the tiny mothers	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge kid that the joyful father knows observes the young boys	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large kid that the ecstatic friend encourages understands the big poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the young friend remembers stimulates the big girls	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad kid that the little girl approves confuses the joyful doctors	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the tiny girl approves remembers the little doctors	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge kid that the happy girl discourages confuses the joyful farmers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the large girl remembers inspires the huge teachers	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small kid that the ecstatic girl understands approves the sad men	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big kid that the tiny guy criticizes remembers the ecstatic farmers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad kid that the little guy observes understands the large men	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the big lawyer greets approves the young uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the large lawyer remembers approves the small women	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge kid that the small man remembers encourages the ecstatic lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the miserable mother admires stimulates the ecstatic boys	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The big kid that the old mother greets inspires the joyful women	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the ecstatic mother inspires approves the tiny guys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the sad mother understands encourages the happy boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the sad poet engages remembers the huge singers	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the miserable poet understands encourages the sad girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad kid that the tiny teacher inspires discourages the joyful lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the small teacher stimulates discourages the tiny singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge kid that the little uncle knows understands the ecstatic poets	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little kid that the big victim encourages approves the tiny guys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little kid that the small victim engages knows the miserable farmers	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the sad victim greets criticizes the little guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small kid that the big woman criticizes stimulates the joyful athletes	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the miserable athlete approves avoids the young uncles	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that the big athlete avoids understands the tiny mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the big athlete knows confuses the ecstatic girls	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the tiny athlete knows observes the happy kids	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that the large aunt avoids criticizes the big teachers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the sad aunt discourages inspires the miserable women	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the miserable aunt discourages knows the joyful men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the young aunt discourages understands the little singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the big boy approves inspires the miserable doctors	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that the miserable boy approves knows the tiny friends	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that the young boy discourages stimulates the large poets	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the large boy encourages avoids the joyful men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the young boy encourages knows the large uncles	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the happy boy inspires confuses the small singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that the sad carpenter approves observes the young men	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the joyful carpenter greets avoids the large farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the big carpenter inspires criticizes the huge poets	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that the old carpenter inspires understands the small friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that the little carpenter knows criticizes the small friends	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the tiny carpenter remembers greets the little athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the ecstatic doctor confuses approves the big fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that the sad doctor discourages observes the ecstatic aunts	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the large doctor understands engages the young teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that the happy farmer approves confuses the sad guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that the old farmer engages confuses the tiny mothers	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the little father approves greets the huge kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that the young father avoids admires the big guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that the joyful father encourages knows the miserable women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the huge friend encourages understands the small guys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the little friend inspires encourages the huge poets	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the tiny friend understands encourages the ecstatic carpenters	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that the sad friend understands remembers the tiny mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the happy girl encourages criticizes the big victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the tiny girl greets inspires the old teachers	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the little guy admires encourages the sad singers	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that the old guy avoids discourages the joyful farmers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that the big guy confuses understands the tiny teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the little guy engages greets the big men	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the big guy engages remembers the joyful victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the young kid avoids criticizes the little poets	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the happy kid criticizes confuses the miserable doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the huge kid discourages approves the ecstatic athletes	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the tiny kid discourages remembers the big friends	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that the small kid greets avoids the little singers	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that the happy man approves engages the tiny victims	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the little man stimulates understands the young aunts	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the little mother confuses encourages the big teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that the miserable mother confuses inspires the huge friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the sad mother discourages stimulates the big guys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that the happy mother inspires discourages the small women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the joyful poet admires criticizes the big boys	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that the old poet confuses understands the huge doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the tiny teacher approves confuses the happy farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the ecstatic uncle engages inspires the young friends	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the small uncle engages remembers the large mothers	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the joyful victim approves knows the happy farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the sad victim criticizes remembers the tiny aunts	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the big woman encourages confuses the sad carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that the ecstatic woman greets knows the large aunts	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the tiny woman understands greets the miserable aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big man that the old athlete confuses approves the happy lawyers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big man that the small aunt remembers inspires the tiny lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the huge aunt stimulates knows the happy friends	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel_that_adj	The old man that the tiny boy confuses observes the large lawyers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the old carpenter admires engages the big athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little man that the old carpenter approves engages the large boys	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the large carpenter approves stimulates the little teachers	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the little carpenter criticizes stimulates the big victims	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little man that the young carpenter encourages engages the large doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the huge carpenter knows observes the happy mothers	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel_that_adj	The happy man that the joyful doctor encourages knows the sad athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the miserable doctor knows approves the huge guys	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the large farmer greets inspires the big poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the big farmer remembers avoids the miserable mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the little farmer stimulates avoids the huge singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad man that the joyful father approves admires the small friends	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the young father approves stimulates the miserable farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little man that the ecstatic father confuses approves the big athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the miserable father criticizes inspires the large doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the miserable father discourages remembers the small lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the huge father stimulates engages the large kids	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad man that the large father stimulates inspires the young poets	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the young friend confuses engages the happy lawyers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large man that the ecstatic girl greets remembers the little friends	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big man that the large girl knows avoids the old teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big man that the young guy admires stimulates the sad farmers	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the large guy observes inspires the big friends	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the miserable kid admires remembers the old lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad man that the huge kid greets observes the young girls	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the joyful kid understands approves the happy uncles	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large man that the little lawyer admires remembers the happy doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the small mother encourages avoids the large poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the young mother inspires observes the huge kids	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable man that the big poet engages confuses the large friends	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the tiny singer admires observes the sad lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the huge singer encourages confuses the young kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the happy teacher admires confuses the ecstatic farmers	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the sad teacher avoids encourages the joyful athletes	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy man that the young teacher confuses approves the tiny boys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the sad teacher knows criticizes the little women	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the small teacher stimulates avoids the sad friends	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad man that the huge uncle approves encourages the old athletes	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big man that the old uncle approves greets the young carpenters	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old man that the joyful uncle remembers engages the young victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the huge victim avoids confuses the sad boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the old victim observes remembers the large girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable man that the large victim remembers observes the tiny girls	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the sad athlete avoids stimulates the joyful men	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the happy athlete remembers engages the old friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the joyful aunt approves inspires the small victims	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that the old aunt avoids criticizes the ecstatic kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the tiny aunt engages observes the joyful uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad mother that the big aunt greets stimulates the little men	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the happy aunt inspires approves the huge athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the small aunt inspires avoids the happy farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the ecstatic aunt remembers criticizes the tiny uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the little boy approves discourages the old farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the little boy observes inspires the tiny teachers	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that the big boy stimulates encourages the tiny women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that the huge carpenter confuses knows the old girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the young carpenter encourages greets the huge athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the happy doctor discourages criticizes the big men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the huge doctor engages remembers the big victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy mother that the big doctor remembers criticizes the ecstatic carpenters	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that the ecstatic doctor remembers stimulates the big athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy mother that the young doctor stimulates encourages the miserable kids	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the joyful farmer admires observes the ecstatic athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small mother that the happy farmer confuses engages the old girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that the tiny farmer criticizes engages the small girls	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that the joyful father approves engages the old uncles	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy mother that the little father confuses avoids the ecstatic victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the happy father knows encourages the joyful uncles	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the small friend approves discourages the young lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the old girl approves admires the sad doctors	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the old girl approves avoids the sad singers	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the small guy avoids discourages the little friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large mother that the sad guy criticizes remembers the miserable carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young mother that the miserable guy remembers stimulates the small fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the ecstatic kid approves encourages the young aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old mother that the big kid discourages encourages the sad women	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old mother that the young kid engages observes the happy fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old mother that the little kid stimulates engages the young friends	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young mother that the joyful lawyer admires inspires the sad fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The old mother that the joyful lawyer approves knows the young carpenters	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the little lawyer avoids discourages the large teachers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that the little man encourages admires the small aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The sad mother that the young man knows confuses the ecstatic women	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the young man stimulates greets the miserable singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the young man understands greets the happy kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the little man understands greets the joyful poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young mother that the old poet criticizes approves the miserable athletes	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old mother that the huge poet criticizes approves the little doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the tiny poet criticizes inspires the sad guys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy mother that the sad poet inspires greets the large kids	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young mother that the sad poet knows criticizes the tiny kids	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that the old poet understands admires the sad kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that the young singer criticizes greets the miserable friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy mother that the sad singer inspires encourages the ecstatic teachers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the old singer understands encourages the happy friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the tiny uncle observes knows the small girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	know
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the large uncle remembers avoids the old lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small mother that the little victim encourages admires the sad lawyers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the huge victim engages approves the small women	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old mother that the little victim knows confuses the tiny aunts	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that the miserable victim understands observes the happy friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the large woman admires inspires the ecstatic teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large mother that the joyful woman knows inspires the sad lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large mother that the small woman remembers confuses the sad teachers	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the miserable woman remembers understands the old fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the ecstatic woman understands encourages the big guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small poet that the happy athlete criticizes observes the ecstatic farmers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that the big athlete encourages avoids the tiny singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the old athlete stimulates observes the miserable lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the huge aunt admires approves the old carpenters	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the old aunt admires criticizes the tiny doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the miserable aunt avoids engages the ecstatic victims	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that the big aunt remembers admires the huge guys	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small poet that the big aunt stimulates admires the ecstatic uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the joyful boy admires discourages the old singers	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the happy boy confuses avoids the ecstatic mothers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that the miserable boy confuses greets the tiny teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the small boy engages inspires the old girls	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big poet that the little carpenter knows encourages the happy girls	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young poet that the little doctor avoids knows the old carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
objrel_that_adj	The young poet that the miserable doctor avoids remembers the sad boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big poet that the joyful doctor criticizes observes the tiny kids	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the joyful doctor engages stimulates the ecstatic singers	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the miserable doctor inspires greets the large friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the miserable doctor stimulates encourages the young singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the large farmer approves knows the happy guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the sad farmer confuses stimulates the big aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that the huge farmer observes understands the happy uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the huge farmer stimulates knows the little carpenters	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel_that_adj	The young poet that the ecstatic father criticizes inspires the tiny men	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the young father remembers admires the huge boys	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the tiny friend approves greets the old fathers	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the large friend criticizes knows the joyful doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that the small friend greets encourages the ecstatic mothers	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that the old friend remembers avoids the ecstatic men	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that the little friend stimulates admires the big women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that the little girl confuses greets the young athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young poet that the joyful girl greets confuses the small guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small poet that the large guy admires knows the young lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the young guy remembers greets the old friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the old guy understands discourages the ecstatic lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that the sad kid greets encourages the young mothers	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that the huge lawyer approves confuses the little aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that the ecstatic lawyer avoids confuses the happy kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the large lawyer encourages observes the miserable doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the huge mother approves discourages the old singers	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the happy mother encourages knows the huge boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The young poet that the happy mother greets confuses the little fathers	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the big mother inspires greets the sad teachers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that the large singer criticizes avoids the happy mothers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the joyful singer greets encourages the small athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the ecstatic teacher admires engages the young lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small poet that the ecstatic teacher remembers observes the large uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the sad uncle approves criticizes the miserable athletes	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the happy uncle engages criticizes the young men	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the young uncle observes encourages the ecstatic fathers	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that the miserable uncle remembers understands the sad friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the miserable uncle understands admires the big boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the happy victim confuses admires the big boys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big poet that the miserable victim discourages confuses the large men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that the huge woman admires stimulates the tiny lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the little woman avoids inspires the small farmers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small poet that the huge woman discourages greets the old guys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big poet that the ecstatic woman observes confuses the old friends	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy singer that the huge athlete admires criticizes the sad friends	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big singer that the sad athlete approves remembers the huge fathers	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that the big boy confuses avoids the old women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young singer that the big boy greets inspires the little doctors	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big singer that the large boy remembers avoids the sad uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old singer that the ecstatic boy remembers encourages the tiny victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small singer that the young carpenter discourages approves the miserable uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small singer that the huge carpenter greets discourages the little poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The small singer that the tiny carpenter inspires stimulates the large victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that the miserable doctor approves admires the little guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel_that_adj	The sad singer that the little doctor inspires observes the big uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that the tiny doctor understands confuses the sad boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge singer that the little farmer discourages understands the small poets	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that the old farmer encourages remembers the large teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large singer that the small father criticizes inspires the big men	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy singer that the little father criticizes knows the sad teachers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel_that_adj	The small singer that the old father engages greets the happy friends	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that the large father inspires greets the happy mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young singer that the small father remembers encourages the sad boys	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad singer that the small friend greets engages the little girls	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that the small friend understands stimulates the tiny aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad singer that the small girl understands approves the ecstatic teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large singer that the small girl understands discourages the old aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old singer that the huge guy approves stimulates the miserable victims	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge singer that the joyful guy approves understands the ecstatic mothers	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large singer that the old guy discourages confuses the sad teachers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy singer that the joyful guy observes approves the miserable victims	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little singer that the young lawyer engages admires the joyful boys	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that the old lawyer knows observes the huge uncles	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that the miserable lawyer stimulates confuses the big doctors	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old singer that the small man criticizes admires the joyful carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel_that_adj	The happy singer that the tiny mother encourages admires the big boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old singer that the joyful mother engages avoids the miserable carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that the large mother greets approves the sad boys	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little singer that the joyful mother greets knows the tiny uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that the miserable mother remembers confuses the happy carpenters	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little singer that the large poet approves stimulates the ecstatic aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that the big poet discourages engages the small aunts	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old singer that the sad poet observes criticizes the tiny carpenters	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The huge singer that the tiny poet observes remembers the young women	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that the large poet stimulates avoids the joyful aunts	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The little singer that the miserable poet understands criticizes the young kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big singer that the large teacher admires avoids the young women	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big singer that the young teacher knows remembers the joyful boys	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that the sad uncle confuses criticizes the happy farmers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The old singer that the miserable uncle engages approves the sad boys	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge singer that the ecstatic victim confuses knows the happy friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel_that_adj	The huge singer that the big victim engages avoids the ecstatic uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young singer that the sad victim remembers inspires the miserable kids	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that the big woman observes criticizes the happy uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that the little aunt approves admires the small girls	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the big aunt avoids admires the small singers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old teacher that the joyful aunt engages encourages the small doctors	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that the miserable boy stimulates knows the huge friends	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel_that_adj	The small teacher that the old carpenter confuses understands the happy lawyers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that the happy carpenter criticizes observes the joyful fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that the happy doctor inspires stimulates the large farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small teacher that the little doctor remembers engages the ecstatic girls	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young teacher that the tiny farmer admires encourages the big doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that the happy farmer avoids engages the joyful women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that the ecstatic farmer stimulates understands the old men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that the big father confuses knows the young kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that the happy father encourages discourages the young guys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The big teacher that the sad friend admires knows the little kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the miserable friend confuses observes the sad mothers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big teacher that the tiny friend engages discourages the young mothers	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old teacher that the miserable friend knows criticizes the huge aunts	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large teacher that the old friend remembers criticizes the tiny guys	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that the miserable friend understands confuses the small doctors	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the little girl engages inspires the big singers	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little teacher that the large girl inspires admires the sad athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that the tiny girl understands engages the old guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the small guy greets understands the huge athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
objrel_that_adj	The small teacher that the sad guy remembers observes the large mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little teacher that the huge kid confuses stimulates the joyful carpenters	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small teacher that the miserable lawyer criticizes greets the sad kids	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young teacher that the ecstatic lawyer discourages confuses the small women	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large teacher that the big lawyer observes engages the young athletes	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that the joyful lawyer observes stimulates the little athletes	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that the happy lawyer understands criticizes the tiny fathers	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the old man criticizes admires the sad guys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old teacher that the small man encourages inspires the happy friends	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that the happy man remembers discourages the tiny athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that the tiny mother encourages inspires the miserable doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that the young mother observes stimulates the sad doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that the small poet approves understands the sad friends	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big teacher that the small poet encourages avoids the ecstatic women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that the old poet greets approves the large friends	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that the joyful singer avoids understands the miserable poets	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the small singer confuses knows the little victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the old singer engages discourages the big girls	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little teacher that the tiny singer inspires knows the joyful friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that the big uncle discourages greets the tiny kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that the tiny uncle encourages discourages the huge athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that the happy uncle encourages discourages the joyful carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young teacher that the miserable uncle encourages inspires the big lawyers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that the tiny uncle engages encourages the young farmers	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large teacher that the ecstatic uncle knows confuses the sad poets	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large teacher that the joyful uncle observes approves the big women	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that the ecstatic victim criticizes admires the big singers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old teacher that the tiny victim criticizes greets the small girls	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the huge woman admires discourages the miserable girls	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that the young woman confuses inspires the huge victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that the big woman confuses understands the miserable guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the joyful woman discourages understands the happy guys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that the large woman engages admires the little uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that the young woman greets stimulates the huge boys	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large teacher that the tiny woman inspires discourages the big lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that the old aunt knows confuses the sad doctors	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the small aunt understands approves the sad teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the tiny boy discourages inspires the huge mothers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that the old boy knows discourages the young aunts	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the miserable boy stimulates approves the big doctors	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that the tiny carpenter avoids inspires the young kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the little carpenter discourages encourages the sad lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that the ecstatic farmer criticizes engages the happy mothers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little uncle that the young friend admires confuses the huge carpenters	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that the huge friend approves stimulates the joyful mothers	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the sad friend confuses encourages the large athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small uncle that the little friend knows observes the old mothers	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that the joyful girl criticizes avoids the big teachers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old uncle that the miserable girl understands inspires the young guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that the old guy encourages inspires the small women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young uncle that the happy guy understands inspires the large poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that the old kid understands encourages the miserable women	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that the happy lawyer greets stimulates the large men	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young uncle that the tiny lawyer understands criticizes the small fathers	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that the miserable man observes remembers the huge doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that the big mother confuses approves the tiny athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the little mother greets confuses the joyful farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the miserable poet engages observes the tiny singers	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the small singer approves avoids the sad mothers	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old uncle that the miserable singer confuses inspires the sad girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small uncle that the old singer engages observes the ecstatic women	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the ecstatic singer stimulates confuses the joyful men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old uncle that the ecstatic teacher avoids knows the big poets	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that the small teacher discourages greets the little mothers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old uncle that the happy teacher greets avoids the huge athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that the sad teacher observes approves the happy friends	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little uncle that the large victim criticizes knows the big singers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that the old victim discourages avoids the joyful fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small uncle that the joyful victim greets avoids the ecstatic women	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old uncle that the little woman admires avoids the miserable carpenters	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that the young woman discourages knows the big doctors	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The small uncle that the tiny woman greets avoids the sad fathers	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that the happy woman inspires observes the huge teachers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the joyful woman observes criticizes the little farmers	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the tiny woman understands engages the big lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that the old aunt avoids confuses the tiny fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big victim that the tiny aunt encourages criticizes the ecstatic lawyers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large victim that the small boy greets approves the sad fathers	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the huge boy remembers inspires the ecstatic men	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the ecstatic boy stimulates observes the small guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old victim that the huge doctor stimulates approves the joyful friends	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big victim that the ecstatic farmer discourages observes the tiny women	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small victim that the little farmer engages observes the young men	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge victim that the happy farmer remembers approves the young carpenters	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the ecstatic farmer understands inspires the little lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big victim that the old friend avoids knows the little guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that the happy friend discourages remembers the small mothers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy victim that the sad friend observes confuses the ecstatic carpenters	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small victim that the joyful friend observes greets the huge teachers	singular	singular	plural	observe	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the little friend observes inspires the joyful men	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge victim that the sad friend remembers understands the joyful doctors	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young victim that the large girl avoids confuses the tiny friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large victim that the joyful girl criticizes approves the sad fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge victim that the little girl criticizes observes the sad athletes	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old victim that the big girl discourages confuses the tiny men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the young guy approves observes the ecstatic lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small victim that the large guy confuses approves the miserable boys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the huge guy inspires understands the small aunts	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old victim that the sad guy knows remembers the ecstatic uncles	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the young guy understands greets the little doctors	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old victim that the little kid discourages approves the huge aunts	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the tiny kid encourages approves the little farmers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big victim that the miserable kid remembers inspires the sad uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big victim that the miserable kid understands knows the ecstatic singers	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that the little lawyer engages confuses the large teachers	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the tiny lawyer engages inspires the ecstatic guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the small lawyer inspires avoids the huge teachers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the happy lawyer stimulates criticizes the tiny men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the small lawyer stimulates remembers the miserable women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the small man confuses stimulates the miserable poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young victim that the ecstatic man criticizes remembers the big fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that the miserable man greets admires the young farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young victim that the sad mother understands observes the large singers	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the miserable poet confuses criticizes the tiny girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The old victim that the little poet greets engages the large boys	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the huge singer admires knows the small fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that the sad singer understands admires the large carpenters	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young victim that the ecstatic teacher confuses avoids the tiny doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small victim that the old teacher discourages avoids the large women	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the young teacher greets admires the old fathers	singular	singular	plural	greet	admire
objrel_that_adj	The happy victim that the ecstatic teacher inspires approves the huge carpenters	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the ecstatic uncle avoids encourages the tiny athletes	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge victim that the small uncle confuses knows the miserable guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the large uncle greets approves the little men	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
objrel_that_adj	The young victim that the happy uncle inspires admires the little fathers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small victim that the big uncle understands approves the happy fathers	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge victim that the young woman criticizes confuses the happy kids	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young victim that the large woman understands criticizes the big friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad woman that the huge athlete engages stimulates the big farmers	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small woman that the happy boy stimulates approves the joyful singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the small carpenter admires confuses the big uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy woman that the small carpenter understands criticizes the joyful mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large woman that the little doctor criticizes understands the happy uncles	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the miserable doctor encourages confuses the old kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that the old doctor knows greets the sad fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big woman that the little doctor observes avoids the old aunts	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that the small doctor understands stimulates the old boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that the ecstatic farmer greets remembers the happy kids	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that the sad farmer inspires remembers the big victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that the big farmer stimulates avoids the miserable uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big woman that the huge father approves confuses the small carpenters	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the ecstatic friend stimulates remembers the joyful fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy woman that the big girl approves avoids the little singers	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small woman that the little girl avoids approves the ecstatic mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy woman that the tiny girl criticizes stimulates the ecstatic men	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the miserable girl knows admires the old guys	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel_that_adj	The happy woman that the huge guy confuses encourages the small victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the huge guy knows avoids the miserable doctors	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the miserable kid approves greets the sad athletes	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large woman that the old kid knows encourages the young lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad woman that the little kid remembers admires the miserable friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that the joyful lawyer confuses knows the ecstatic uncles	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel_that_adj	The big woman that the small lawyer greets remembers the little friends	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that the little lawyer stimulates admires the large friends	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the small man encourages criticizes the young teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small woman that the little mother approves engages the ecstatic singers	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the happy poet observes criticizes the big doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small woman that the joyful poet understands stimulates the big guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the small singer confuses encourages the happy men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the joyful singer remembers greets the young athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the joyful singer remembers inspires the little lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small woman that the huge uncle approves criticizes the miserable doctors	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that the young uncle approves understands the little athletes	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the large uncle discourages understands the old men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that the ecstatic uncle stimulates knows the little guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that the ecstatic victim avoids approves the happy aunts	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad woman that the big victim confuses stimulates the joyful friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young athlete that the miserable aunts admire encourages the large singer	singular	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the joyful aunts greet avoids the tiny mother	singular	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large athlete that the ecstatic boys understand encourages the old poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large athlete that the young carpenters criticize inspires the happy girl	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that the little doctors admire knows the miserable man	singular	plural	singular	admires	know
objrel_that_adj	The big athlete that the happy doctors encourage discourages the joyful uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that the joyful farmers confuse engages the little poet	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little athlete that the happy farmers discourage admires the sad friend	singular	plural	singular	discourages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small athlete that the miserable farmers greet confuses the large teacher	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old athlete that the small farmers inspire confuses the joyful mother	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that the miserable farmers understand remembers the small father	singular	plural	singular	understands	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the small fathers inspire admires the miserable victim	singular	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that the little friends inspire encourages the happy kid	singular	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that the tiny girls approve admires the young doctor	singular	plural	singular	approves	admire
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the huge guys discourage greets the ecstatic lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that the joyful guys greet observes the little woman	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the old guys remember discourages the miserable father	singular	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that the sad kids criticize greets the small woman	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small athlete that the sad kids encourage discourages the big singer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little athlete that the big lawyers admire confuses the young carpenter	singular	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the young men confuse inspires the tiny victim	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the tiny men stimulate inspires the small farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that the little mothers confuse remembers the sad man	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that the little poets inspire encourages the sad girl	singular	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the happy singers remember admires the tiny father	singular	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that the old singers remember stimulates the sad boy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small athlete that the happy teachers criticize stimulates the large woman	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that the old teachers inspire admires the young man	singular	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old athlete that the large teachers understand admires the happy uncle	singular	plural	singular	understands	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big athlete that the little teachers understand stimulates the ecstatic farmer	singular	plural	singular	understands	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little athlete that the miserable uncles approve engages the old girl	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the sad women discourage inspires the young aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that the small women know confuses the ecstatic farmer	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big aunt that the ecstatic athletes approve engages the little singer	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that the huge athletes stimulate inspires the large victim	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that the small boys confuse encourages the old carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that the huge boys discourage remembers the joyful man	singular	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that the miserable boys greet discourages the sad friend	singular	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that the happy carpenters know encourages the sad girl	singular	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that the miserable carpenters observe criticizes the small victim	singular	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that the tiny carpenters stimulate remembers the miserable athlete	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that the happy farmers avoid discourages the tiny teacher	singular	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that the young farmers greet remembers the sad uncle	singular	plural	singular	greets	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old aunt that the miserable farmers inspire stimulates the large father	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that the huge fathers confuse admires the young boy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that the ecstatic fathers engage avoids the small kid	singular	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that the happy fathers inspire discourages the big doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that the old fathers observe approves the sad victim	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little aunt that the small friends confuse stimulates the ecstatic guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the miserable friends discourage observes the little father	singular	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old aunt that the huge friends know approves the small father	singular	plural	singular	knows	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the little girls understand discourages the joyful friend	singular	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that the little guys admire approves the tiny uncle	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small aunt that the large guys admire knows the sad farmer	singular	plural	singular	admires	know
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that the ecstatic guys engage confuses the old doctor	singular	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young aunt that the miserable kids encourage observes the old farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that the small lawyers discourage inspires the miserable victim	singular	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that the tiny lawyers encourage knows the small teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that the big lawyers stimulate criticizes the large guy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small aunt that the miserable men observe understands the joyful lawyer	singular	plural	singular	observes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that the joyful mothers avoid understands the sad friend	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big aunt that the joyful mothers understand knows the miserable singer	singular	plural	singular	understands	know
objrel_that_adj	The small aunt that the big poets confuse avoids the little uncle	singular	plural	singular	confuses	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that the happy poets know criticizes the tiny teacher	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small aunt that the ecstatic poets observe admires the large guy	singular	plural	singular	observes	admire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that the joyful singers confuse criticizes the ecstatic mother	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the joyful singers engage knows the young victim	singular	plural	singular	engages	know
objrel_that_adj	The little aunt that the tiny teachers admire stimulates the joyful mother	singular	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the miserable teachers engage understands the happy father	singular	plural	singular	engages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big aunt that the old teachers greet discourages the miserable girl	singular	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old aunt that the sad uncles understand stimulates the small lawyer	singular	plural	singular	understands	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little aunt that the sad victims approve stimulates the old boy	singular	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The big aunt that the tiny victims discourage approves the ecstatic teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the young women approve engages the huge father	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that the small women confuse stimulates the little uncle	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that the little athletes approve observes the ecstatic poet	singular	plural	singular	approves	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge boy that the sad athletes encourage approves the tiny man	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small boy that the big athletes know discourages the sad lawyer	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The small boy that the old athletes remember observes the joyful carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the tiny athletes remember understands the sad father	singular	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the joyful aunts discourage remembers the happy carpenter	singular	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the huge aunts greet confuses the large girl	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad boy that the huge carpenters inspire avoids the large kid	singular	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the little carpenters remember encourages the ecstatic victim	singular	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small boy that the little doctors criticize observes the old athlete	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small boy that the huge doctors discourage criticizes the happy lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The old boy that the miserable doctors engage criticizes the large father	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the little farmers criticize discourages the young woman	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the old fathers approve remembers the sad uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad boy that the ecstatic fathers criticize engages the young athlete	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy boy that the sad fathers greet remembers the huge uncle	singular	plural	singular	greets	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge boy that the small fathers inspire criticizes the young aunt	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that the little girls discourage greets the tiny doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small boy that the young girls know engages the joyful kid	singular	plural	singular	knows	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy boy that the tiny guys avoid inspires the large girl	singular	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that the young guys remember discourages the tiny woman	singular	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the miserable guys understand approves the little friend	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the tiny kids approve confuses the huge uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the miserable kids inspire criticizes the ecstatic doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big boy that the huge lawyers criticize engages the happy victim	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small boy that the old lawyers inspire observes the joyful guy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that the old men inspire confuses the ecstatic doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big boy that the tiny men stimulate understands the old athlete	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the ecstatic singers avoid inspires the joyful kid	singular	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that the little singers discourage confuses the big woman	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy boy that the joyful singers greet understands the young poet	singular	plural	singular	greets	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the huge singers know avoids the sad lawyer	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy boy that the small singers observe inspires the huge poet	singular	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that the large teachers avoid criticizes the big kid	singular	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the ecstatic teachers engage inspires the little man	singular	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The old boy that the huge uncles admire engages the sad teacher	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge boy that the joyful uncles criticize observes the big aunt	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old boy that the large uncles engage stimulates the huge father	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The big boy that the large victims avoid criticizes the miserable guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the ecstatic victims encourage criticizes the large lawyer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big boy that the small victims engage encourages the sad carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the young victims understand confuses the joyful kid	singular	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the ecstatic women encourage criticizes the large singer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the happy women encourage knows the small farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the sad women inspire stimulates the small lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little boy that the ecstatic women observe engages the sad athlete	singular	plural	singular	observes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that the sad women stimulate approves the happy man	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that the huge athletes know confuses the sad man	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the joyful athletes know engages the small uncle	singular	plural	singular	knows	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the old athletes observe remembers the tiny friend	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that the miserable athletes remember approves the sad father	singular	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that the little athletes understand remembers the large girl	singular	plural	singular	understands	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the big aunts criticize greets the little man	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that the small aunts observe approves the huge friend	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the large aunts stimulate observes the joyful woman	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that the large boys criticize discourages the little teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the tiny boys engage approves the small teacher	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that the large boys inspire discourages the joyful man	singular	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that the sad boys know avoids the tiny father	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that the large boys stimulate observes the ecstatic kid	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the small doctors criticize avoids the old lawyer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the small farmers greet knows the sad friend	singular	plural	singular	greets	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the old farmers inspire discourages the joyful aunt	singular	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that the sad farmers inspire understands the small woman	singular	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that the sad friends discourage avoids the young kid	singular	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that the large girls engage encourages the young lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that the huge girls inspire stimulates the tiny athlete	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the large guys confuse engages the miserable poet	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that the little guys stimulate admires the old poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that the ecstatic kids avoid admires the big teacher	singular	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the big kids greet observes the joyful father	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the joyful kids inspire greets the little guy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that the big kids understand approves the tiny man	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that the ecstatic lawyers avoid admires the sad guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the ecstatic lawyers confuse discourages the big aunt	singular	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that the ecstatic men know avoids the big aunt	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the big mothers encourage remembers the tiny father	singular	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the small poets confuse inspires the miserable farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the large poets encourage admires the miserable lawyer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that the huge poets know discourages the young aunt	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that the sad singers avoid observes the ecstatic aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the tiny singers know understands the large poet	singular	plural	singular	knows	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the ecstatic singers observe engages the big farmer	singular	plural	singular	observes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that the miserable teachers encourage remembers the happy mother	singular	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the tiny uncles avoid remembers the little doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that the big uncles confuse greets the young poet	singular	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the small uncles criticize greets the ecstatic friend	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the sad uncles discourage inspires the tiny singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that the large victims encourage engages the little man	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the sad victims observe avoids the old boy	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that the miserable victims observe avoids the small teacher	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that the little victims remember engages the joyful aunt	singular	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the young victims stimulate knows the old aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that the big women encourage engages the joyful victim	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that the tiny athletes avoid admires the little man	singular	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the ecstatic athletes avoid discourages the big kid	singular	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the joyful athletes confuse inspires the tiny mother	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the huge athletes engage remembers the miserable kid	singular	plural	singular	engages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the big athletes observe avoids the old kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that the ecstatic athletes understand inspires the big guy	singular	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big doctor that the joyful aunts confuse understands the large farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the old boys criticize discourages the miserable girl	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the happy boys criticize engages the little victim	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the young boys discourage criticizes the joyful singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that the big boys stimulate understands the sad lawyer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the sad boys understand criticizes the old girl	singular	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the large carpenters admire greets the miserable kid	singular	plural	singular	admires	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the young carpenters criticize discourages the small victim	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that the happy farmers approve knows the sad teacher	singular	plural	singular	approves	know
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the young farmers criticize encourages the old victim	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that the joyful farmers discourage criticizes the old father	singular	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that the miserable farmers discourage observes the little carpenter	singular	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large doctor that the young fathers approve knows the huge farmer	singular	plural	singular	approves	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that the miserable fathers avoid approves the old singer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that the miserable fathers discourage confuses the ecstatic farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the little fathers inspire remembers the young guy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that the huge fathers observe avoids the old man	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the big fathers observe engages the miserable boy	singular	plural	singular	observes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that the joyful friends encourage knows the large boy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The big doctor that the joyful friends stimulate engages the old singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the joyful girls approve admires the large poet	singular	plural	singular	approves	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the tiny guys avoid observes the sad father	singular	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the big guys remember observes the huge man	singular	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the tiny guys remember stimulates the joyful boy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that the large kids engage stimulates the ecstatic uncle	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young doctor that the joyful kids inspire confuses the little victim	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the miserable kids remember inspires the old poet	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that the joyful kids understand approves the large friend	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the miserable lawyers admire engages the tiny guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that the large lawyers greet criticizes the tiny carpenter	singular	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that the little lawyers inspire criticizes the joyful teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that the large lawyers inspire understands the happy victim	singular	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the joyful lawyers understand remembers the miserable poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big doctor that the large men approve observes the happy kid	singular	plural	singular	approves	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that the young mothers discourage approves the little kid	singular	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the ecstatic mothers discourage criticizes the sad kid	singular	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the sad mothers observe knows the tiny carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observes	know
objrel_that_adj	The young doctor that the little mothers understand engages the joyful athlete	singular	plural	singular	understands	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that the huge poets approve engages the tiny teacher	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that the huge poets approve greets the ecstatic girl	singular	plural	singular	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the small poets greet inspires the old man	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the huge poets remember confuses the sad carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the joyful singers criticize avoids the tiny lawyer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large doctor that the miserable singers inspire confuses the small poet	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the joyful singers stimulate approves the ecstatic lawyer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the small teachers avoid approves the sad lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that the little teachers confuse understands the happy boy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the sad teachers inspire criticizes the young girl	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large doctor that the sad uncles encourage admires the miserable aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the ecstatic uncles encourage criticizes the tiny lawyer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large doctor that the huge uncles know avoids the big man	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large doctor that the old uncles know avoids the young singer	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the ecstatic uncles observe understands the large teacher	singular	plural	singular	observes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large doctor that the old uncles remember observes the ecstatic girl	singular	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the young victims discourage observes the large man	singular	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the sad victims engage remembers the happy uncle	singular	plural	singular	engages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that the big victims understand avoids the sad farmer	singular	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the sad women greet observes the large girl	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that the ecstatic athletes confuse criticizes the sad mother	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large farmer that the happy athletes discourage knows the sad mother	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the sad athletes engage confuses the little poet	singular	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that the joyful athletes stimulate admires the miserable doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the joyful athletes stimulate inspires the happy lawyer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large farmer that the young aunts criticize confuses the happy kid	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that the young boys discourage avoids the miserable father	singular	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that the old boys encourage approves the young woman	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The young farmer that the miserable boys encourage knows the little guy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The big farmer that the old boys greet discourages the joyful lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young farmer that the tiny carpenters approve understands the old teacher	singular	plural	singular	approves	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that the little carpenters avoid encourages the big friend	singular	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the happy carpenters confuse greets the little uncle	singular	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the ecstatic carpenters discourage criticizes the young boy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the large carpenters engage discourages the big athlete	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that the ecstatic carpenters inspire confuses the tiny athlete	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that the little carpenters understand admires the joyful singer	singular	plural	singular	understands	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old farmer that the ecstatic doctors discourage admires the sad lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the miserable doctors know confuses the young aunt	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old farmer that the little doctors stimulate knows the huge woman	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the huge fathers understand engages the little uncle	singular	plural	singular	understands	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the small friends greet approves the big teacher	singular	plural	singular	greets	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that the sad friends greet stimulates the large singer	singular	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the old friends stimulate admires the little girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the young guys criticize encourages the small athlete	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young farmer that the happy kids approve understands the large father	singular	plural	singular	approves	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the big kids greet avoids the little guy	singular	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large farmer that the young lawyers confuse understands the big woman	singular	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old farmer that the young lawyers encourage admires the little singer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the miserable men engage approves the small singer	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the tiny men know discourages the joyful lawyer	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the young mothers engage confuses the big guy	singular	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the sad mothers know greets the tiny victim	singular	plural	singular	knows	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old farmer that the happy poets admire approves the small boy	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that the joyful poets greet stimulates the large aunt	singular	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little farmer that the young poets observe understands the small carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old farmer that the ecstatic poets understand encourages the sad friend	singular	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the joyful singers discourage knows the large teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the happy singers stimulate remembers the big victim	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large farmer that the big teachers confuse engages the happy singer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young farmer that the miserable teachers discourage knows the big mother	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The little farmer that the joyful teachers inspire understands the old guy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that the ecstatic teachers understand remembers the small friend	singular	plural	singular	understands	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young farmer that the large uncles engage approves the happy father	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that the tiny victims criticize encourages the old uncle	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that the small women remember engages the miserable carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that the ecstatic women understand knows the old father	singular	plural	singular	understands	know
objrel_that_adj	The sad father that the tiny athletes engage approves the old friend	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little father that the joyful athletes inspire criticizes the tiny singer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that the tiny athletes understand discourages the huge uncle	singular	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad father that the small aunts admire discourages the big uncle	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large father that the small aunts encourage discourages the happy kid	singular	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that the sad aunts inspire approves the joyful boy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little father that the happy boys observe confuses the huge woman	singular	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge father that the sad doctors encourage stimulates the small kid	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little father that the large doctors understand stimulates the sad uncle	singular	plural	singular	understands	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young father that the old farmers engage remembers the little friend	singular	plural	singular	engages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge father that the happy farmers greet encourages the ecstatic athlete	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small father that the big farmers remember observes the young mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad father that the small friends approve understands the happy singer	singular	plural	singular	approves	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad father that the huge friends confuse criticizes the ecstatic guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the big friends greet remembers the large carpenter	singular	plural	singular	greets	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large father that the small girls admire engages the happy mother	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young father that the miserable girls know greets the happy guy	singular	plural	singular	knows	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad father that the huge girls observe greets the young mother	singular	plural	singular	observes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The tiny father that the huge guys avoid knows the young teacher	singular	plural	singular	avoids	know
objrel_that_adj	The happy father that the huge guys discourage greets the large teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large father that the big guys inspire admires the miserable lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny father that the young guys observe remembers the big friend	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The little father that the old kids encourage discourages the big singer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the old kids understand engages the little friend	singular	plural	singular	understands	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the small mothers know discourages the little doctor	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little father that the big mothers remember avoids the young boy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the happy mothers stimulate criticizes the large victim	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy father that the huge poets admire approves the little carpenter	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the huge poets stimulate approves the ecstatic mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the ecstatic poets understand confuses the young guy	singular	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that the small singers remember approves the tiny athlete	singular	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small father that the large teachers stimulate confuses the young farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small father that the little uncles discourage engages the tiny poet	singular	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little father that the large uncles observe stimulates the miserable kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that the huge victims criticize confuses the old friend	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large father that the ecstatic victims encourage engages the small doctor	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny father that the joyful women admire discourages the old poet	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad father that the happy women approve confuses the joyful uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy father that the tiny women approve engages the young uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad father that the old women avoid confuses the ecstatic guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny father that the huge women know inspires the big uncle	singular	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The old father that the sad women remember knows the young girl	singular	plural	singular	remembers	know
objrel_that_adj	The little friend that the big athletes understand observes the huge kid	singular	plural	singular	understands	observe
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the little aunts approve engages the large kid	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the big aunts inspire understands the ecstatic teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the huge carpenters avoid greets the young doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge friend that the joyful carpenters stimulate confuses the miserable doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big friend that the little doctors approve observes the small uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that the miserable doctors confuse admires the joyful poet	singular	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the large doctors confuse knows the ecstatic father	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the joyful doctors discourage approves the ecstatic teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the ecstatic doctors encourage engages the large singer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the big farmers admire discourages the miserable boy	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the tiny farmers avoid remembers the ecstatic doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the joyful farmers encourage approves the ecstatic poet	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the tiny fathers admire observes the old carpenter	singular	plural	singular	admires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the sad fathers discourage confuses the tiny lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad friend that the small fathers greet approves the miserable girl	singular	plural	singular	greets	approve
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the huge fathers remember confuses the big victim	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the tiny fathers stimulate encourages the sad boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the joyful girls criticize engages the huge carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the tiny guys remember criticizes the joyful carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the joyful guys stimulate encourages the sad singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the huge kids greet observes the small doctor	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge friend that the young kids stimulate greets the joyful girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the old lawyers criticize knows the sad man	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the big lawyers inspire remembers the huge teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the little men admire approves the happy girl	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old friend that the large men criticize greets the young teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the happy men greet admires the old lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greets	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big friend that the huge men greet knows the old father	singular	plural	singular	greets	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the old mothers criticize inspires the huge uncle	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the old mothers observe criticizes the sad doctor	singular	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that the tiny mothers stimulate discourages the large poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little friend that the big poets discourage stimulates the joyful singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old friend that the big poets inspire remembers the miserable athlete	singular	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The little friend that the big poets stimulate discourages the sad athlete	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the little poets understand encourages the large kid	singular	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the old singers approve avoids the happy girl	singular	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the happy singers confuse remembers the ecstatic kid	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the sad singers inspire avoids the happy boy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big friend that the young singers remember admires the tiny farmer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little friend that the large singers understand criticizes the joyful poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that the big teachers encourage admires the huge woman	singular	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big friend that the miserable uncles inspire observes the tiny kid	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the tiny uncles understand avoids the little kid	singular	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge friend that the ecstatic victims inspire confuses the joyful carpenter	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old friend that the young victims know approves the huge mother	singular	plural	singular	knows	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big friend that the little victims observe engages the old woman	singular	plural	singular	observes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little friend that the ecstatic victims remember greets the happy kid	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad friend that the young victims remember stimulates the ecstatic athlete	singular	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little friend that the miserable women avoid confuses the tiny doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that the big women observe avoids the huge carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the ecstatic women stimulate approves the old carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the ecstatic athletes confuse inspires the tiny poet	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large girl that the old athletes greet discourages the happy uncle	singular	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the tiny athletes inspire knows the ecstatic farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	know
objrel_that_adj	The young girl that the old aunts admire discourages the sad woman	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the huge aunts avoid approves the miserable woman	singular	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objrel_that_adj	The young girl that the huge aunts avoid confuses the tiny carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young girl that the miserable aunts confuse observes the sad doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small girl that the young aunts remember criticizes the joyful kid	singular	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The young girl that the sad aunts understand confuses the tiny victim	singular	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that the young boys confuse knows the happy aunt	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the little carpenters encourage avoids the small kid	singular	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large girl that the small doctors know stimulates the joyful woman	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the sad doctors stimulate approves the young guy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the young doctors understand greets the large man	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the small doctors understand stimulates the big mother	singular	plural	singular	understands	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that the little farmers avoid confuses the tiny uncle	singular	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the joyful fathers approve admires the small farmer	singular	plural	singular	approves	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the miserable fathers engage stimulates the old lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the miserable fathers greet avoids the old kid	singular	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the joyful friends confuse discourages the huge aunt	singular	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the little friends remember observes the small poet	singular	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the sad guys confuse engages the young boy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small girl that the tiny kids approve discourages the young teacher	singular	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the big kids inspire admires the large farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the young kids inspire stimulates the big friend	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the sad kids know approves the ecstatic victim	singular	plural	singular	knows	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the joyful kids know remembers the large boy	singular	plural	singular	knows	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the tiny kids remember admires the joyful farmer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the ecstatic men criticize engages the miserable boy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small girl that the tiny men discourage remembers the sad kid	singular	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the tiny men know discourages the large uncle	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the miserable mothers admire remembers the joyful boy	singular	plural	singular	admires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small girl that the old mothers encourage criticizes the happy father	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the joyful mothers observe understands the huge teacher	singular	plural	singular	observes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the miserable mothers remember greets the large guy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that the big poets admire inspires the young carpenter	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the tiny poets discourage confuses the little uncle	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the miserable poets understand inspires the ecstatic aunt	singular	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the happy poets understand observes the tiny carpenter	singular	plural	singular	understands	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the small singers criticize discourages the little kid	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the young uncles avoid approves the happy singer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the joyful uncles encourage knows the tiny mother	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the large uncles greet approves the ecstatic aunt	singular	plural	singular	greets	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the huge uncles understand encourages the little poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the joyful victims avoid engages the huge lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the happy victims remember knows the little doctor	singular	plural	singular	remembers	know
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the young victims stimulate confuses the sad teacher	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young girl that the tiny women approve discourages the small kid	singular	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that the ecstatic women avoid inspires the large athlete	singular	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge girl that the sad women criticize observes the happy kid	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the little women know admires the young lawyer	singular	plural	singular	knows	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the big women know engages the young uncle	singular	plural	singular	knows	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the miserable women remember admires the happy kid	singular	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the sad women understand stimulates the big uncle	singular	plural	singular	understands	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the tiny athletes confuse knows the joyful singer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the ecstatic athletes encourage stimulates the old man	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that the large athletes know criticizes the little father	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small guy that the little athletes remember confuses the ecstatic kid	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the young athletes remember engages the tiny girl	singular	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the old athletes understand knows the little mother	singular	plural	singular	understands	know
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the big aunts confuse avoids the huge victim	singular	plural	singular	confuses	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that the old aunts observe discourages the young carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little guy that the small aunts observe encourages the ecstatic athlete	singular	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that the young aunts remember understands the big singer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the joyful boys engage approves the small aunt	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the old boys know admires the ecstatic athlete	singular	plural	singular	knows	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the big boys observe admires the young singer	singular	plural	singular	observes	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the young boys understand engages the huge mother	singular	plural	singular	understands	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old guy that the tiny carpenters approve inspires the small girl	singular	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that the large carpenters discourage criticizes the miserable man	singular	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that the sad carpenters discourage engages the old girl	singular	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the small carpenters inspire approves the tiny athlete	singular	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that the old carpenters understand knows the large father	singular	plural	singular	understands	know
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the young doctors admire approves the big teacher	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that the small farmers confuse knows the old teacher	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that the small farmers know greets the big poet	singular	plural	singular	knows	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little guy that the happy fathers approve encourages the joyful teacher	singular	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the small fathers engage admires the old doctor	singular	plural	singular	engages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the sad fathers remember understands the large mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that the young girls admire inspires the ecstatic carpenter	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the miserable girls avoid greets the joyful father	singular	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge guy that the happy girls encourage confuses the small kid	singular	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the big girls inspire criticizes the huge doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the small girls inspire understands the old uncle	singular	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the happy kids admire inspires the ecstatic poet	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the small kids approve stimulates the happy man	singular	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the young kids encourage approves the big singer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the big kids encourage inspires the little mother	singular	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the huge kids understand confuses the small aunt	singular	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the tiny lawyers avoid inspires the small doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the old lawyers discourage knows the little boy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the miserable men encourage discourages the ecstatic athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the huge men remember observes the big boy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the big men understand inspires the small uncle	singular	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the large poets avoid remembers the joyful lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that the little poets inspire admires the small uncle	singular	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objrel_that_adj	The huge guy that the tiny poets know inspires the old woman	singular	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the small singers approve criticizes the ecstatic athlete	singular	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that the young singers avoid criticizes the tiny girl	singular	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the young singers know engages the big teacher	singular	plural	singular	knows	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small guy that the ecstatic teachers confuse discourages the old athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old guy that the young teachers criticize understands the sad kid	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the ecstatic teachers greet inspires the miserable father	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the joyful teachers inspire approves the small girl	singular	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that the small teachers inspire understands the joyful singer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old guy that the huge teachers stimulate avoids the small boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the little uncles engage discourages the sad girl	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the large victims greet approves the old boy	singular	plural	singular	greets	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the joyful women confuse engages the huge kid	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that the little women remember discourages the big boy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the young athletes admire remembers the small victim	singular	plural	singular	admires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the ecstatic athletes avoid understands the huge boy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the small athletes remember inspires the tiny singer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little kid that the large aunts admire approves the joyful lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad kid that the large aunts avoid inspires the joyful victim	singular	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little kid that the sad aunts confuse admires the joyful farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the huge aunts greet encourages the little farmer	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the miserable boys discourage avoids the big singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that the joyful boys know criticizes the sad poet	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the old boys know encourages the big poet	singular	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young kid that the joyful boys remember admires the large lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the miserable carpenters confuse discourages the young victim	singular	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the huge carpenters greet encourages the little aunt	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small kid that the sad carpenters remember stimulates the huge man	singular	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that the little doctors criticize approves the sad boy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large kid that the sad doctors criticize discourages the miserable athlete	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The small kid that the happy doctors engage confuses the huge man	singular	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the young doctors engage understands the miserable aunt	singular	plural	singular	engages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big kid that the miserable doctors know stimulates the young boy	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the large farmers criticize greets the little father	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the happy farmers know observes the tiny mother	singular	plural	singular	knows	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that the ecstatic farmers observe remembers the sad boy	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the large fathers criticize discourages the big friend	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the little fathers encourage stimulates the joyful girl	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little kid that the young fathers greet inspires the joyful doctor	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the young fathers remember inspires the old girl	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big kid that the small friends confuse approves the old father	singular	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the huge girls avoid stimulates the small man	singular	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the joyful girls criticize encourages the tiny poet	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the joyful girls greet admires the sad lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greets	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young kid that the happy guys know approves the miserable man	singular	plural	singular	knows	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small kid that the large guys observe avoids the young woman	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge kid that the small guys stimulate confuses the sad doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small kid that the sad lawyers encourage discourages the miserable singer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the little lawyers encourage stimulates the young girl	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad kid that the miserable lawyers remember encourages the tiny uncle	singular	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the happy men criticize admires the sad guy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objrel_that_adj	The sad kid that the large men encourage observes the tiny lawyer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the small men inspire confuses the ecstatic carpenter	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the joyful men understand encourages the young woman	singular	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large kid that the happy mothers encourage greets the ecstatic carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the little mothers stimulate approves the big athlete	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large kid that the huge mothers stimulate approves the big singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the little poets confuse inspires the miserable victim	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that the small poets know stimulates the happy farmer	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the old singers engage understands the big girl	singular	plural	singular	engages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big kid that the old teachers remember avoids the small farmer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the ecstatic uncles avoid confuses the huge guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad kid that the young uncles avoid knows the miserable friend	singular	plural	singular	avoids	know
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the big uncles criticize knows the large friend	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the old victims approve inspires the miserable teacher	singular	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that the happy victims confuse remembers the old farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the small victims confuse remembers the big uncle	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the large victims discourage knows the sad mother	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that the old victims know stimulates the sad teacher	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the miserable victims remember encourages the happy singer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the huge victims stimulate discourages the happy athlete	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large kid that the small women avoid stimulates the young uncle	singular	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge kid that the joyful women criticize inspires the little teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small kid that the young women engage understands the tiny boy	singular	plural	singular	engages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the large athletes know inspires the sad poet	singular	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the small aunts criticize approves the little boy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the large aunts criticize inspires the huge boy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that the old aunts greet knows the huge kid	singular	plural	singular	greets	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that the old aunts observe avoids the happy boy	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that the joyful aunts observe confuses the tiny father	singular	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the huge aunts observe encourages the happy carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that the happy aunts stimulate confuses the large uncle	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the tiny boys understand knows the little athlete	singular	plural	singular	understands	know
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the sad carpenters greet observes the miserable man	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that the miserable carpenters inspire avoids the big doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the huge carpenters know approves the little athlete	singular	plural	singular	knows	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the small doctors approve observes the large singer	singular	plural	singular	approves	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the happy doctors greet engages the huge victim	singular	plural	singular	greets	engage
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that the old doctors observe discourages the small farmer	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the old farmers inspire observes the tiny victim	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the tiny fathers confuse admires the ecstatic victim	singular	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that the little fathers engage encourages the young mother	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the young fathers engage observes the big carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the miserable fathers engage remembers the big guy	singular	plural	singular	engages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the big fathers engage stimulates the little uncle	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the miserable friends admire criticizes the little guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the miserable friends understand engages the ecstatic woman	singular	plural	singular	understands	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the large girls remember encourages the tiny kid	singular	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the large guys confuse knows the happy doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the joyful guys engage approves the large athlete	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the young guys greet criticizes the big boy	singular	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the huge guys know greets the small boy	singular	plural	singular	knows	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the ecstatic guys remember criticizes the large man	singular	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the small guys remember engages the huge woman	singular	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the huge kids avoid engages the old carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that the ecstatic kids criticize observes the miserable father	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that the big kids greet observes the small man	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the large mothers admire stimulates the joyful athlete	singular	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that the tiny mothers greet inspires the large victim	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the joyful mothers know discourages the happy singer	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that the young mothers know understands the little boy	singular	plural	singular	knows	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the small mothers observe confuses the big father	singular	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the big poets approve inspires the sad friend	singular	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the little singers confuse inspires the ecstatic victim	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that the young singers encourage stimulates the huge doctor	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that the joyful singers engage approves the large mother	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that the joyful singers engage inspires the huge woman	singular	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that the little teachers remember confuses the joyful mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the sad uncles confuse avoids the miserable teacher	singular	plural	singular	confuses	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the old uncles encourage observes the happy boy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that the little victims avoid engages the big carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that the old victims criticize approves the small friend	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the young victims engage encourages the happy woman	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the sad victims inspire stimulates the little boy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that the young victims understand approves the huge farmer	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the sad women engage understands the ecstatic boy	singular	plural	singular	engages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that the happy women greet confuses the huge doctor	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that the tiny women know approves the big boy	singular	plural	singular	knows	approve
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the tiny athletes approve greets the small mother	singular	plural	singular	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old man that the ecstatic athletes engage discourages the joyful aunt	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad man that the big athletes stimulate admires the tiny teacher	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big man that the young athletes understand knows the old poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	know
objrel_that_adj	The little man that the sad aunts know criticizes the miserable doctor	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small man that the huge carpenters avoid discourages the tiny lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the tiny carpenters criticize knows the big lawyer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objrel_that_adj	The large man that the old carpenters inspire observes the little friend	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the young carpenters inspire remembers the sad victim	singular	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small man that the ecstatic carpenters stimulate confuses the big doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big man that the small doctors criticize understands the young woman	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the small doctors remember engages the sad woman	singular	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large man that the happy farmers confuse approves the tiny teacher	singular	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the happy farmers criticize greets the little carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable man that the little farmers inspire engages the old girl	singular	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the joyful fathers avoid admires the ecstatic farmer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little man that the ecstatic fathers confuse inspires the sad farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the huge fathers inspire criticizes the sad aunt	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The old man that the young friends confuse encourages the large athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad man that the big friends criticize avoids the old father	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big man that the tiny friends criticize encourages the young doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the sad friends encourage inspires the large athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the sad friends engage avoids the large girl	singular	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy man that the huge friends inspire encourages the ecstatic farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big man that the old girls confuse inspires the little singer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little man that the miserable girls remember avoids the small woman	singular	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the little kids admire engages the joyful girl	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel_that_adj	The big man that the young kids avoid criticizes the tiny victim	singular	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the happy kids confuse engages the huge father	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel_that_adj	The big man that the ecstatic kids discourage observes the huge father	singular	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the old kids know greets the little father	singular	plural	singular	knows	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad man that the old lawyers confuse understands the small teacher	singular	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old man that the sad lawyers criticize approves the huge poet	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big man that the joyful lawyers observe stimulates the happy woman	singular	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the tiny mothers observe discourages the ecstatic kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the sad poets approve observes the tiny father	singular	plural	singular	approves	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad man that the huge poets confuse remembers the tiny woman	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the young poets know stimulates the big lawyer	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad man that the old teachers observe inspires the young carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the tiny victims criticize encourages the old boy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the large victims stimulate knows the miserable guy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objrel_that_adj	The large man that the big women understand remembers the happy victim	singular	plural	singular	understands	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad mother that the tiny athletes engage discourages the little carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The small mother that the happy athletes inspire approves the young teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large mother that the happy athletes inspire criticizes the old victim	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small mother that the huge athletes inspire observes the little uncle	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large mother that the big aunts confuse observes the little carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the big aunts greet confuses the young carpenter	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large mother that the old aunts inspire confuses the young singer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that the tiny aunts stimulate criticizes the huge kid	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the large boys approve greets the happy friend	singular	plural	singular	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the miserable boys greet discourages the old lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young mother that the little boys understand admires the tiny doctor	singular	plural	singular	understands	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the young carpenters admire engages the joyful father	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that the old carpenters approve knows the happy doctor	singular	plural	singular	approves	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that the little carpenters remember inspires the tiny poet	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the large doctors discourage understands the old carpenter	singular	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the miserable doctors observe admires the little singer	singular	plural	singular	observes	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the huge farmers admire knows the big boy	singular	plural	singular	admires	know
objrel_that_adj	The small mother that the huge farmers stimulate inspires the little guy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small mother that the huge fathers approve criticizes the miserable kid	singular	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad mother that the miserable fathers criticize discourages the little singer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the young fathers discourage observes the happy kid	singular	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The happy mother that the huge fathers know greets the ecstatic athlete	singular	plural	singular	knows	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the joyful fathers remember confuses the big woman	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large mother that the happy friends confuse greets the old carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large mother that the ecstatic friends understand avoids the little father	singular	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad mother that the ecstatic girls approve discourages the big boy	singular	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The small mother that the ecstatic girls criticize knows the large boy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that the sad girls encourage avoids the big boy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old mother that the ecstatic girls encourage confuses the happy doctor	singular	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that the miserable girls greet avoids the happy doctor	singular	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young mother that the sad girls observe stimulates the little lawyer	singular	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the joyful guys confuse admires the young carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the young guys discourage confuses the old man	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the large guys discourage remembers the little poet	singular	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the large kids discourage stimulates the little man	singular	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the joyful kids encourage understands the little guy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large mother that the happy lawyers approve stimulates the joyful singer	singular	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy mother that the young lawyers know confuses the large man	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young mother that the sad lawyers remember discourages the little singer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young mother that the large lawyers stimulate inspires the sad farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the huge men greet discourages the miserable farmer	singular	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The small mother that the ecstatic poets observe remembers the big guy	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large mother that the miserable singers encourage engages the old father	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad mother that the big singers greet observes the little boy	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that the huge teachers approve discourages the little farmer	singular	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the miserable teachers confuse understands the sad father	singular	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old mother that the miserable teachers discourage criticizes the big boy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad mother that the happy teachers remember engages the small doctor	singular	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that the large uncles approve avoids the happy woman	singular	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that the young victims encourage criticizes the tiny girl	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that the little victims know greets the ecstatic uncle	singular	plural	singular	knows	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that the old victims observe engages the sad singer	singular	plural	singular	observes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy mother that the joyful women approve criticizes the little uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small poet that the huge aunts approve confuses the ecstatic athlete	singular	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the big aunts discourage greets the huge lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the happy aunts discourage knows the small doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that the sad aunts engage avoids the tiny teacher	singular	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the miserable aunts engage confuses the happy father	singular	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the happy boys avoid knows the sad father	singular	plural	singular	avoids	know
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the joyful carpenters engage stimulates the large athlete	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small poet that the happy carpenters inspire approves the miserable mother	singular	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big poet that the happy doctors confuse discourages the joyful friend	singular	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the small doctors understand approves the little father	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that the tiny farmers criticize understands the big carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the big farmers greet admires the young boy	singular	plural	singular	greets	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big poet that the sad farmers observe avoids the happy man	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the huge farmers understand avoids the ecstatic friend	singular	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the big fathers admire encourages the young kid	singular	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the miserable fathers confuse admires the small kid	singular	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big poet that the huge fathers confuse knows the old doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the young friends avoid observes the miserable man	singular	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the huge friends greet engages the old kid	singular	plural	singular	greets	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the large girls confuse engages the young man	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the small girls confuse stimulates the large mother	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the ecstatic girls criticize understands the joyful athlete	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the sad girls discourage encourages the happy woman	singular	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the huge girls know discourages the joyful man	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the large girls remember inspires the huge carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the miserable guys confuse remembers the big man	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small poet that the old guys discourage understands the big mother	singular	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the huge guys encourage knows the joyful farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the miserable guys encourage remembers the happy man	singular	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the huge guys engage inspires the sad victim	singular	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that the small guys observe approves the ecstatic victim	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the tiny guys remember observes the young singer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the little kids discourage greets the happy carpenter	singular	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the little kids discourage observes the young girl	singular	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the small kids discourage remembers the young lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young poet that the sad kids encourage inspires the ecstatic victim	singular	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the little kids greet admires the sad boy	singular	plural	singular	greets	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the big lawyers approve knows the joyful man	singular	plural	singular	approves	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that the happy men engage inspires the large boy	singular	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the old men know admires the big guy	singular	plural	singular	knows	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the miserable mothers admire understands the old athlete	singular	plural	singular	admires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the big mothers avoid remembers the ecstatic guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that the sad mothers confuse stimulates the ecstatic woman	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the little singers admire inspires the big boy	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young poet that the old singers discourage remembers the large mother	singular	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the young singers engage understands the little man	singular	plural	singular	engages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that the big singers greet confuses the joyful farmer	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the happy singers greet remembers the miserable friend	singular	plural	singular	greets	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the ecstatic singers remember stimulates the small lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the sad teachers engage inspires the big father	singular	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the tiny uncles engage admires the ecstatic woman	singular	plural	singular	engages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that the small uncles engage greets the young boy	singular	plural	singular	engages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the small uncles greet approves the little athlete	singular	plural	singular	greets	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the huge uncles know observes the big teacher	singular	plural	singular	knows	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that the little uncles remember stimulates the big woman	singular	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that the small victims encourage engages the ecstatic friend	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the ecstatic victims greet engages the little carpenter	singular	plural	singular	greets	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small poet that the joyful victims observe engages the sad kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The big poet that the sad women admire greets the little teacher	singular	plural	singular	admires	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small poet that the happy women engage understands the ecstatic victim	singular	plural	singular	engages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the sad women stimulate confuses the large aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large singer that the huge athletes discourage criticizes the miserable man	singular	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy singer that the tiny athletes engage discourages the miserable friend	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge singer that the happy athletes understand admires the large woman	singular	plural	singular	understands	admire
objrel_that_adj	The sad singer that the joyful athletes understand avoids the young father	singular	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small singer that the sad boys confuse inspires the joyful man	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large singer that the happy boys engage criticizes the little teacher	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big singer that the young boys observe criticizes the sad athlete	singular	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big singer that the tiny carpenters criticize inspires the ecstatic uncle	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad singer that the little carpenters inspire knows the old aunt	singular	plural	singular	inspires	know
objrel_that_adj	The young singer that the tiny carpenters stimulate encourages the small kid	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young singer that the tiny doctors criticize avoids the ecstatic man	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that the huge doctors criticize greets the big lawyer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little singer that the small doctors encourage remembers the large uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young singer that the big doctors remember criticizes the joyful athlete	singular	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that the little doctors stimulate inspires the sad athlete	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad singer that the joyful farmers discourage encourages the ecstatic man	singular	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The little singer that the miserable farmers inspire remembers the old victim	singular	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that the little fathers remember inspires the joyful woman	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small singer that the large fathers understand inspires the old teacher	singular	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that the small friends understand approves the joyful lawyer	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel_that_adj	The young singer that the happy guys avoid admires the little friend	singular	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objrel_that_adj	The huge singer that the miserable guys avoid admires the little victim	singular	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objrel_that_adj	The large singer that the big guys avoid engages the old athlete	singular	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little singer that the miserable guys encourage inspires the young doctor	singular	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that the ecstatic guys greet inspires the old kid	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy singer that the sad guys observe confuses the ecstatic woman	singular	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy singer that the young guys observe engages the big athlete	singular	plural	singular	observes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that the ecstatic guys understand confuses the large girl	singular	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that the huge lawyers confuse stimulates the little teacher	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that the young lawyers engage greets the big uncle	singular	plural	singular	engages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young singer that the miserable lawyers remember understands the sad farmer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge singer that the little men criticize approves the ecstatic carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy singer that the miserable mothers admire stimulates the little teacher	singular	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The big singer that the tiny mothers approve remembers the young friend	singular	plural	singular	approves	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad singer that the miserable mothers encourage engages the joyful friend	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy singer that the huge poets encourage confuses the little father	singular	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that the huge teachers avoid discourages the ecstatic girl	singular	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that the young teachers avoid inspires the sad carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small singer that the tiny teachers engage avoids the old mother	singular	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old singer that the happy teachers know observes the huge victim	singular	plural	singular	knows	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large singer that the happy uncles admire remembers the young guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small singer that the joyful uncles approve avoids the miserable father	singular	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge singer that the old uncles engage confuses the young doctor	singular	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that the young uncles remember criticizes the miserable carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The young singer that the miserable uncles understand stimulates the joyful farmer	singular	plural	singular	understands	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge singer that the miserable victims admire remembers the old poet	singular	plural	singular	admires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that the big victims avoid observes the small uncle	singular	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that the ecstatic victims criticize approves the big aunt	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad singer that the huge victims know confuses the joyful guy	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little singer that the old victims observe confuses the miserable guy	singular	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that the huge victims understand avoids the young poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big singer that the little women engage admires the huge guy	singular	plural	singular	engages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old teacher that the huge athletes admire encourages the big woman	singular	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the ecstatic athletes discourage criticizes the sad aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large teacher that the little aunts know avoids the ecstatic victim	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that the large aunts observe avoids the joyful girl	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that the joyful boys encourage observes the old friend	singular	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old teacher that the young boys remember criticizes the huge aunt	singular	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the miserable carpenters admire stimulates the big lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little teacher that the miserable carpenters approve remembers the large singer	singular	plural	singular	approves	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young teacher that the old carpenters avoid approves the sad boy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that the young carpenters confuse remembers the joyful mother	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small teacher that the happy carpenters criticize greets the little singer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that the large carpenters observe encourages the happy doctor	singular	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small teacher that the sad carpenters remember admires the big uncle	singular	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that the joyful doctors approve greets the tiny poet	singular	plural	singular	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small teacher that the big doctors know confuses the joyful poet	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big teacher that the old doctors know discourages the large lawyer	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that the miserable doctors remember understands the big mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that the little fathers criticize observes the big girl	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that the little fathers encourage approves the joyful friend	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that the happy fathers greet confuses the small victim	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large teacher that the old fathers know understands the young man	singular	plural	singular	knows	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young teacher that the little friends avoid confuses the ecstatic doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that the big girls confuse stimulates the large victim	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large teacher that the happy girls inspire avoids the little kid	singular	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that the small girls observe avoids the big poet	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large teacher that the tiny guys confuse approves the ecstatic carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little teacher that the small kids discourage knows the miserable woman	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The small teacher that the young kids remember confuses the joyful woman	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that the young kids understand admires the ecstatic victim	singular	plural	singular	understands	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that the small lawyers encourage engages the miserable aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that the ecstatic lawyers greet remembers the big father	singular	plural	singular	greets	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that the happy men criticize engages the large mother	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old teacher that the joyful men engage inspires the young farmer	singular	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big teacher that the miserable men stimulate understands the large poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old teacher that the little mothers observe engages the sad uncle	singular	plural	singular	observes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that the large poets understand discourages the huge aunt	singular	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that the young singers avoid engages the little father	singular	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that the tiny singers know encourages the huge uncle	singular	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that the miserable uncles inspire knows the old carpenter	singular	plural	singular	inspires	know
objrel_that_adj	The little teacher that the happy uncles understand avoids the huge kid	singular	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small teacher that the sad women admire observes the huge guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that the tiny women confuse understands the joyful friend	singular	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little teacher that the small women criticize observes the old man	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that the huge women discourage approves the big doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that the happy women encourage stimulates the sad poet	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large teacher that the happy women know criticizes the small kid	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the old aunts approve greets the young poet	singular	plural	singular	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the happy aunts avoid stimulates the sad man	singular	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that the sad aunts discourage greets the large lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small uncle that the large aunts encourage observes the old teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The young uncle that the miserable aunts greet engages the big guy	singular	plural	singular	greets	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young uncle that the sad aunts inspire encourages the big kid	singular	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the happy boys confuse understands the small farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the happy boys encourage stimulates the tiny victim	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that the large boys engage encourages the miserable victim	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that the young boys inspire encourages the little carpenter	singular	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the ecstatic boys observe encourages the little woman	singular	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that the happy carpenters approve admires the ecstatic father	singular	plural	singular	approves	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little uncle that the sad carpenters approve inspires the miserable teacher	singular	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the young doctors approve admires the joyful teacher	singular	plural	singular	approves	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small uncle that the young doctors criticize encourages the sad father	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that the young doctors observe avoids the ecstatic mother	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The little uncle that the joyful farmers admire observes the miserable woman	singular	plural	singular	admires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little uncle that the huge farmers remember discourages the tiny singer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the young fathers approve criticizes the tiny guy	singular	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The young uncle that the ecstatic fathers criticize inspires the huge teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that the happy friends greet approves the huge lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greets	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the huge friends greet approves the large man	singular	plural	singular	greets	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that the joyful friends inspire observes the big poet	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that the happy friends know observes the sad poet	singular	plural	singular	knows	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little uncle that the young friends remember stimulates the huge singer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young uncle that the joyful girls understand remembers the ecstatic poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the huge guys observe admires the little man	singular	plural	singular	observes	admire
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the sad guys remember criticizes the young doctor	singular	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the young guys remember discourages the large boy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that the little kids confuse engages the happy guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little uncle that the tiny kids discourage engages the sad singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that the old kids know observes the young woman	singular	plural	singular	knows	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that the tiny kids observe engages the happy girl	singular	plural	singular	observes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that the sad lawyers avoid admires the large aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that the sad lawyers stimulate confuses the ecstatic guy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old uncle that the little men confuse remembers the happy woman	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old uncle that the ecstatic men stimulate greets the joyful teacher	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that the little mothers understand admires the sad father	singular	plural	singular	understands	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young uncle that the big teachers admire confuses the sad lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small uncle that the large teachers admire inspires the tiny singer	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that the huge teachers approve confuses the tiny victim	singular	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that the big teachers confuse understands the sad man	singular	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old uncle that the big teachers inspire engages the young lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little uncle that the huge victims criticize avoids the tiny singer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that the joyful victims know stimulates the large woman	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that the little victims observe encourages the huge kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The little uncle that the big women discourage admires the miserable friend	singular	plural	singular	discourages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that the big women encourage remembers the old victim	singular	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that the joyful women greet encourages the young athlete	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that the little women know admires the young athlete	singular	plural	singular	knows	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that the happy women know understands the big farmer	singular	plural	singular	knows	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little uncle that the happy women observe greets the large lawyer	singular	plural	singular	observes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the large athletes confuse greets the happy man	singular	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge victim that the joyful aunts confuse understands the happy doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that the little aunts inspire confuses the happy teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the young boys confuse stimulates the tiny athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old victim that the ecstatic boys stimulate observes the big poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the ecstatic boys understand remembers the little doctor	singular	plural	singular	understands	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old victim that the tiny carpenters criticize encourages the sad boy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big victim that the old carpenters discourage inspires the joyful uncle	singular	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the little doctors understand admires the large woman	singular	plural	singular	understands	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the large doctors understand approves the miserable kid	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that the sad farmers remember observes the young doctor	singular	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that the huge farmers understand engages the big carpenter	singular	plural	singular	understands	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old victim that the young farmers understand observes the sad lawyer	singular	plural	singular	understands	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the old fathers discourage encourages the happy doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge victim that the miserable fathers understand knows the little athlete	singular	plural	singular	understands	know
objrel_that_adj	The young victim that the miserable friends admire observes the tiny athlete	singular	plural	singular	admires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The young victim that the large friends inspire approves the huge farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the sad friends understand discourages the tiny singer	singular	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the miserable girls discourage encourages the old aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy victim that the young girls encourage greets the tiny aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the big girls understand discourages the miserable guy	singular	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young victim that the little guys admire knows the sad doctor	singular	plural	singular	admires	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that the small guys confuse knows the happy woman	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that the miserable guys understand engages the young boy	singular	plural	singular	understands	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the small kids admire inspires the little teacher	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the tiny kids admire observes the ecstatic mother	singular	plural	singular	admires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the small kids observe confuses the happy father	singular	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that the joyful lawyers avoid understands the huge mother	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the sad lawyers criticize knows the old carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the little lawyers greet engages the tiny poet	singular	plural	singular	greets	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small victim that the joyful lawyers inspire observes the large friend	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small victim that the happy men avoid greets the joyful guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the young men avoid stimulates the old guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small victim that the old men confuse criticizes the little mother	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The young victim that the happy mothers discourage remembers the small girl	singular	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old victim that the large mothers encourage engages the little kid	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large victim that the joyful mothers remember discourages the huge farmer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the tiny poets stimulate criticizes the young lawyer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the tiny singers avoid understands the happy aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge victim that the ecstatic teachers know understands the old man	singular	plural	singular	knows	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young victim that the old uncles criticize admires the huge friend	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old victim that the huge uncles inspire discourages the little father	singular	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the large women approve admires the big farmer	singular	plural	singular	approves	admire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the huge women greet criticizes the small girl	singular	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that the large athletes criticize inspires the old teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big woman that the happy aunts confuse remembers the ecstatic victim	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the young aunts criticize avoids the sad guy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the little aunts discourage understands the miserable boy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little woman that the happy carpenters approve confuses the joyful kid	singular	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that the joyful carpenters confuse understands the little guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the little carpenters remember encourages the tiny uncle	singular	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the happy doctors encourage confuses the little carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy woman that the miserable doctors inspire knows the sad poet	singular	plural	singular	inspires	know
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the miserable farmers confuse remembers the tiny kid	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that the young farmers discourage avoids the big uncle	singular	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that the small farmers greet confuses the happy singer	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small woman that the large fathers approve observes the big athlete	singular	plural	singular	approves	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the young fathers avoid engages the joyful friend	singular	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the large fathers know inspires the tiny uncle	singular	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that the big friends approve inspires the happy victim	singular	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large woman that the sad friends approve observes the small man	singular	plural	singular	approves	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the small friends observe knows the large singer	singular	plural	singular	observes	know
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the tiny girls encourage stimulates the little man	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large woman that the tiny girls engage greets the miserable uncle	singular	plural	singular	engages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the small guys discourage inspires the tiny man	singular	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that the old kids know confuses the tiny victim	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad woman that the tiny lawyers avoid knows the big guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	know
objrel_that_adj	The small woman that the big men confuse approves the tiny poet	singular	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the ecstatic men confuse inspires the miserable uncle	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that the huge men criticize stimulates the joyful guy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the miserable men engage admires the huge aunt	singular	plural	singular	engages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the tiny men engage criticizes the small aunt	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the big men remember confuses the large aunt	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad woman that the large men remember greets the small poet	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy woman that the big men understand greets the huge carpenter	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large woman that the tiny mothers admire understands the happy singer	singular	plural	singular	admires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the tiny mothers approve greets the young girl	singular	plural	singular	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad woman that the happy mothers confuse criticizes the huge girl	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad woman that the large mothers stimulate engages the tiny man	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that the sad poets criticize knows the young victim	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that the huge poets remember understands the miserable victim	singular	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big woman that the huge singers avoid criticizes the little aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad woman that the little singers inspire confuses the joyful friend	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy woman that the young singers observe understands the large teacher	singular	plural	singular	observes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The small woman that the young teachers confuse stimulates the ecstatic poet	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the tiny teachers discourage remembers the young guy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the large teachers discourage understands the sad victim	singular	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the young teachers inspire observes the miserable kid	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that the joyful teachers understand engages the small kid	singular	plural	singular	understands	engage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that the miserable uncles avoid remembers the little singer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the miserable uncles confuse inspires the small kid	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the joyful uncles engage approves the old athlete	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that the happy uncles engage confuses the young mother	singular	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that the little victims encourage admires the large uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The sad woman that the ecstatic victims remember admires the miserable mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that the old victims understand confuses the sad poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small athlete that the sad aunts encourage knows the tiny women	singular	plural	plural	encourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that the young aunts know observes the big mothers	singular	plural	plural	knows	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old athlete that the sad aunts stimulate admires the miserable singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	admire
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the ecstatic boys criticize understands the tiny women	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large athlete that the old boys understand discourages the ecstatic doctors	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young athlete that the little carpenters confuse avoids the old teachers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the old carpenters confuse remembers the miserable boys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	remember
objrel_that_adj	The little athlete that the miserable carpenters criticize discourages the young farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that the ecstatic doctors stimulate observes the large aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little athlete that the joyful doctors understand confuses the ecstatic farmers	singular	plural	plural	understands	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that the miserable doctors understand inspires the young mothers	singular	plural	plural	understands	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that the large farmers approve greets the happy aunts	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young athlete that the big farmers avoid criticizes the small women	singular	plural	plural	avoids	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the young farmers encourage inspires the small women	singular	plural	plural	encourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that the big farmers encourage understands the happy uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that the ecstatic fathers understand greets the joyful girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young athlete that the huge friends criticize inspires the miserable teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that the large friends inspire confuses the small singers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that the tiny friends remember encourages the happy women	singular	plural	plural	remembers	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that the huge girls remember avoids the sad friends	singular	plural	plural	remembers	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that the old guys approve greets the joyful mothers	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young athlete that the ecstatic guys observe confuses the huge singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small athlete that the huge guys remember encourages the happy poets	singular	plural	plural	remembers	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that the young kids discourage inspires the large mothers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that the old kids encourage approves the young singers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that the joyful kids engage inspires the ecstatic carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big athlete that the young lawyers encourage engages the small guys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that the joyful lawyers observe admires the huge kids	singular	plural	plural	observes	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small athlete that the tiny lawyers stimulate confuses the happy doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young athlete that the large lawyers understand avoids the little kids	singular	plural	plural	understands	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the tiny men criticize engages the large uncles	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old athlete that the tiny men greet approves the miserable farmers	singular	plural	plural	greets	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that the big mothers criticize observes the ecstatic teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big athlete that the sad mothers stimulate knows the ecstatic guys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel_that_adj	The big athlete that the ecstatic poets engage inspires the small boys	singular	plural	plural	engages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that the small poets inspire approves the joyful teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old athlete that the little poets inspire observes the tiny boys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that the huge poets remember avoids the ecstatic carpenters	singular	plural	plural	remembers	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big athlete that the young singers admire remembers the joyful boys	singular	plural	plural	admires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large athlete that the sad singers criticize confuses the happy teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that the sad teachers criticize inspires the large aunts	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the big teachers discourage understands the joyful mothers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that the little teachers greet admires the ecstatic kids	singular	plural	plural	greets	admire
objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that the small teachers greet approves the sad singers	singular	plural	plural	greets	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that the happy uncles approve encourages the little teachers	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the old uncles discourage greets the huge girls	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the old uncles greet avoids the little doctors	singular	plural	plural	greets	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small athlete that the miserable victims inspire confuses the sad fathers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young athlete that the happy victims remember greets the miserable uncles	singular	plural	plural	remembers	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big athlete that the small victims remember observes the sad boys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old athlete that the tiny victims stimulate discourages the joyful guys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young athlete that the large women stimulate confuses the big fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young aunt that the huge boys admire greets the sad fathers	singular	plural	plural	admires	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that the young boys approve remembers the big doctors	singular	plural	plural	approves	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young aunt that the ecstatic boys encourage discourages the large teachers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little aunt that the young carpenters discourage engages the ecstatic uncles	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old aunt that the sad carpenters inspire admires the huge mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	admire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that the tiny carpenters remember approves the happy guys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that the little doctors greet confuses the joyful victims	singular	plural	plural	greets	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that the sad doctors inspire engages the little carpenters	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that the happy doctors remember criticizes the miserable poets	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that the huge farmers admire avoids the young carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admires	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that the happy farmers criticize inspires the joyful doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little aunt that the ecstatic fathers admire encourages the tiny lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admires	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that the joyful fathers confuse avoids the happy teachers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that the miserable fathers observe understands the sad women	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that the large friends admire discourages the happy guys	singular	plural	plural	admires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little aunt that the large friends approve stimulates the big victims	singular	plural	plural	approves	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little aunt that the happy friends greet encourages the big carpenters	singular	plural	plural	greets	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that the little friends greet stimulates the tiny teachers	singular	plural	plural	greets	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that the ecstatic friends observe greets the young victims	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that the joyful friends observe remembers the small lawyers	singular	plural	plural	observes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that the miserable girls approve observes the happy uncles	singular	plural	plural	approves	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that the young girls greet stimulates the old guys	singular	plural	plural	greets	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that the huge girls remember engages the little kids	singular	plural	plural	remembers	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that the miserable girls understand remembers the sad doctors	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that the large guys criticize engages the old girls	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the joyful guys observe remembers the ecstatic boys	singular	plural	plural	observes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that the large guys remember approves the old women	singular	plural	plural	remembers	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that the small kids encourage criticizes the little mothers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that the little kids engage confuses the big farmers	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big aunt that the tiny kids greet confuses the ecstatic women	singular	plural	plural	greets	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young aunt that the sad kids greet discourages the old farmers	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the ecstatic lawyers stimulate engages the big singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old aunt that the tiny men admire criticizes the large singers	singular	plural	plural	admires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the huge men greet admires the small athletes	singular	plural	plural	greets	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young aunt that the little mothers approve understands the ecstatic singers	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that the tiny mothers inspire discourages the young boys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The small aunt that the big poets admire greets the happy victims	singular	plural	plural	admires	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that the large singers inspire stimulates the happy lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that the happy uncles encourage understands the little mothers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that the huge uncles greet knows the big girls	singular	plural	plural	greets	know
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the sad uncles remember criticizes the tiny kids	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that the large uncles remember knows the tiny boys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel_that_adj	The big aunt that the large uncles remember knows the little victims	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel_that_adj	The little aunt that the big victims approve greets the old girls	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the joyful victims encourage engages the tiny poets	singular	plural	plural	encourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old aunt that the sad victims inspire stimulates the huge poets	singular	plural	plural	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young aunt that the ecstatic women encourage engages the happy guys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small boy that the old athletes approve engages the tiny aunts	singular	plural	plural	approves	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the miserable athletes discourage approves the small uncles	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old boy that the young athletes encourage understands the sad aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the miserable athletes greet remembers the tiny doctors	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the joyful aunts admire stimulates the little farmers	singular	plural	plural	admires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the big aunts encourage confuses the old teachers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that the young aunts remember engages the happy uncles	singular	plural	plural	remembers	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that the large aunts stimulate criticizes the old men	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the big aunts stimulate encourages the happy doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy boy that the miserable carpenters engage confuses the tiny kids	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big boy that the little carpenters observe stimulates the happy girls	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small boy that the sad carpenters stimulate knows the miserable athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that the big doctors avoid approves the young fathers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old boy that the big doctors know greets the happy uncles	singular	plural	plural	knows	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy boy that the little farmers confuse approves the old carpenters	singular	plural	plural	confuses	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge boy that the big farmers engage stimulates the small lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the huge farmers observe discourages the tiny women	singular	plural	plural	observes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the old fathers avoid encourages the joyful friends	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the huge fathers confuse encourages the ecstatic kids	singular	plural	plural	confuses	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old boy that the happy fathers engage encourages the young kids	singular	plural	plural	engages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that the huge fathers greet confuses the large athletes	singular	plural	plural	greets	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge boy that the young fathers inspire avoids the ecstatic doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspires	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the small fathers remember understands the old aunts	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big boy that the joyful friends approve greets the ecstatic aunts	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the small friends understand remembers the sad teachers	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big boy that the little girls criticize observes the sad aunts	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small boy that the large girls stimulate understands the young singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy boy that the young kids remember criticizes the big doctors	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that the small lawyers admire stimulates the sad friends	singular	plural	plural	admires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the little lawyers avoid encourages the tiny farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that the large lawyers criticize remembers the ecstatic farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the ecstatic lawyers know approves the happy aunts	singular	plural	plural	knows	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy boy that the joyful lawyers observe approves the huge girls	singular	plural	plural	observes	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the sad men admire stimulates the little girls	singular	plural	plural	admires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that the sad men criticize confuses the miserable poets	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge boy that the miserable men discourage admires the small guys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that the sad mothers confuse criticizes the young guys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the little mothers encourage greets the tiny farmers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge boy that the joyful mothers know greets the young uncles	singular	plural	plural	knows	greet
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the sad mothers observe stimulates the happy teachers	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old boy that the small poets admire stimulates the miserable carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge boy that the joyful poets know greets the tiny guys	singular	plural	plural	knows	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the big poets stimulate confuses the tiny fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the huge poets understand criticizes the miserable farmers	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy boy that the young singers approve remembers the little girls	singular	plural	plural	approves	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that the small singers encourage stimulates the huge women	singular	plural	plural	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad boy that the happy teachers discourage greets the huge women	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that the small uncles avoid remembers the huge singers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small boy that the ecstatic uncles remember confuses the old fathers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad boy that the miserable victims understand criticizes the large singers	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the happy women approve discourages the sad teachers	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the tiny women confuse greets the small guys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that the miserable women criticize admires the huge lawyers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the joyful women greet observes the sad fathers	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the large women observe encourages the little fathers	singular	plural	plural	observes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old boy that the ecstatic women stimulate engages the sad lawyers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that the old aunts confuse discourages the little kids	singular	plural	plural	confuses	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that the ecstatic aunts confuse understands the miserable girls	singular	plural	plural	confuses	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that the little aunts inspire understands the happy victims	singular	plural	plural	inspires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that the happy aunts observe understands the small kids	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that the small boys confuse avoids the old farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the young boys criticize engages the huge victims	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that the joyful boys engage encourages the small poets	singular	plural	plural	engages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that the tiny boys greet discourages the big friends	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the sad boys know inspires the ecstatic aunts	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that the tiny boys observe stimulates the little poets	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the tiny boys remember avoids the happy uncles	singular	plural	plural	remembers	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that the small doctors discourage observes the sad friends	singular	plural	plural	discourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that the big farmers confuse stimulates the old guys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that the huge fathers admire criticizes the young victims	singular	plural	plural	admires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that the young fathers avoid confuses the tiny lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the tiny fathers observe confuses the sad boys	singular	plural	plural	observes	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the young friends encourage admires the small girls	singular	plural	plural	encourages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that the small girls approve encourages the huge poets	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the tiny girls engage greets the old athletes	singular	plural	plural	engages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that the miserable girls observe knows the young victims	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that the small girls understand inspires the tiny singers	singular	plural	plural	understands	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that the ecstatic guys confuse observes the big farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the joyful guys understand engages the sad lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understands	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that the big kids observe avoids the sad doctors	singular	plural	plural	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that the small kids stimulate observes the huge aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the ecstatic lawyers encourage greets the sad uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that the tiny lawyers greet inspires the happy athletes	singular	plural	plural	greets	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that the little lawyers remember approves the young doctors	singular	plural	plural	remembers	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that the ecstatic men confuse understands the miserable girls	singular	plural	plural	confuses	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that the tiny mothers engage criticizes the little athletes	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that the little mothers understand avoids the sad teachers	singular	plural	plural	understands	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that the sad poets criticize admires the ecstatic athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that the miserable singers admire discourages the old mothers	singular	plural	plural	admires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that the ecstatic singers discourage greets the huge teachers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that the little singers greet discourages the old lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the little singers understand discourages the huge lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that the sad singers understand greets the old poets	singular	plural	plural	understands	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that the tiny teachers admire inspires the large victims	singular	plural	plural	admires	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that the joyful teachers criticize knows the sad friends	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that the old uncles observe approves the large guys	singular	plural	plural	observes	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that the miserable victims approve criticizes the tiny boys	singular	plural	plural	approves	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that the happy victims inspire observes the ecstatic friends	singular	plural	plural	inspires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that the young victims inspire remembers the joyful singers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the huge victims stimulate greets the small men	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that the little women greet approves the happy friends	singular	plural	plural	greets	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that the old women remember inspires the joyful farmers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young doctor that the small athletes admire confuses the big poets	singular	plural	plural	admires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that the ecstatic athletes engage stimulates the big men	singular	plural	plural	engages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that the tiny athletes know engages the huge farmers	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the old athletes stimulate remembers the large women	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young doctor that the ecstatic athletes understand discourages the happy singers	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that the sad boys inspire criticizes the ecstatic mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the little farmers admire inspires the miserable kids	singular	plural	plural	admires	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that the tiny farmers observe engages the old lawyers	singular	plural	plural	observes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young doctor that the joyful farmers stimulate understands the happy girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that the small fathers observe remembers the ecstatic aunts	singular	plural	plural	observes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big doctor that the miserable fathers understand criticizes the little girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the happy friends confuse inspires the sad singers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that the young friends greet admires the large poets	singular	plural	plural	greets	admire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that the big girls discourage avoids the young singers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the little girls inspire understands the sad poets	singular	plural	plural	inspires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big doctor that the tiny girls know inspires the young victims	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that the little guys approve greets the small teachers	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the little guys approve understands the large poets	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the small kids avoid observes the sad guys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that the old kids encourage remembers the big guys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the young kids understand engages the joyful carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understands	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that the miserable lawyers approve encourages the huge teachers	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the ecstatic men approve encourages the happy teachers	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the large men avoid encourages the big kids	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the small men engage understands the large aunts	singular	plural	plural	engages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that the large men know admires the small teachers	singular	plural	plural	knows	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big doctor that the ecstatic men understand approves the joyful mothers	singular	plural	plural	understands	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the tiny mothers confuse remembers the large farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that the big mothers confuse remembers the huge friends	singular	plural	plural	confuses	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large doctor that the sad mothers remember admires the joyful boys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the small poets inspire discourages the happy friends	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the sad poets know confuses the happy victims	singular	plural	plural	knows	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the ecstatic poets observe knows the big singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel_that_adj	The large doctor that the young singers approve avoids the miserable lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approves	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that the huge singers understand discourages the happy poets	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that the little teachers avoid engages the small fathers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that the sad teachers encourage approves the little carpenters	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the old teachers encourage criticizes the big friends	singular	plural	plural	encourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big doctor that the ecstatic teachers observe understands the miserable athletes	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the small teachers remember inspires the huge lawyers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large doctor that the joyful uncles engage criticizes the miserable athletes	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The young doctor that the huge uncles remember avoids the happy athletes	singular	plural	plural	remembers	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the young uncles remember discourages the small mothers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the tiny victims criticize knows the joyful fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	know
objrel_that_adj	The young doctor that the sad victims observe stimulates the large girls	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that the joyful women avoid confuses the happy guys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the miserable women confuse criticizes the old lawyers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that the huge women observe remembers the miserable athletes	singular	plural	plural	observes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the large women stimulate observes the huge friends	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little farmer that the happy athletes engage confuses the big teachers	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that the happy athletes greet discourages the miserable singers	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that the ecstatic athletes know inspires the small boys	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that the joyful athletes observe encourages the ecstatic kids	singular	plural	plural	observes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large farmer that the big aunts engage understands the huge carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little farmer that the happy aunts inspire observes the young athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old farmer that the sad boys avoid criticizes the happy uncles	singular	plural	plural	avoids	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that the joyful boys confuse inspires the young carpenters	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little farmer that the joyful boys inspire avoids the tiny uncles	singular	plural	plural	inspires	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large farmer that the huge boys observe stimulates the happy guys	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old farmer that the sad carpenters approve knows the joyful teachers	singular	plural	plural	approves	know
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the miserable carpenters criticize knows the huge men	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that the sad carpenters engage encourages the huge girls	singular	plural	plural	engages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that the little carpenters greet remembers the small men	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that the joyful carpenters greet stimulates the small athletes	singular	plural	plural	greets	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that the sad carpenters inspire engages the happy guys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that the tiny doctors approve understands the joyful carpenters	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the little doctors confuse understands the huge singers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the ecstatic doctors engage confuses the young lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old farmer that the big doctors inspire remembers the sad boys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that the sad fathers approve observes the big doctors	singular	plural	plural	approves	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that the miserable fathers avoid encourages the happy carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that the small fathers know avoids the sad carpenters	singular	plural	plural	knows	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the huge friends admire engages the ecstatic men	singular	plural	plural	admires	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the tiny friends avoid greets the happy doctors	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that the small friends discourage criticizes the big guys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big farmer that the happy friends inspire remembers the large boys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young farmer that the big friends understand inspires the large boys	singular	plural	plural	understands	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little farmer that the happy girls discourage criticizes the huge fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that the large girls know stimulates the joyful kids	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the ecstatic guys confuse knows the large kids	singular	plural	plural	confuses	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the ecstatic guys discourage engages the little aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that the big guys stimulate greets the tiny women	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the young kids admire criticizes the large carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the large kids confuse understands the old men	singular	plural	plural	confuses	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that the joyful kids criticize confuses the small mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that the huge kids criticize remembers the miserable friends	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The little farmer that the joyful kids greet avoids the ecstatic girls	singular	plural	plural	greets	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big farmer that the huge kids stimulate greets the little teachers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big farmer that the old lawyers approve confuses the ecstatic girls	singular	plural	plural	approves	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that the old lawyers criticize understands the big teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young farmer that the old lawyers discourage remembers the sad women	singular	plural	plural	discourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big farmer that the miserable lawyers encourage knows the happy victims	singular	plural	plural	encourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the large lawyers greet remembers the big women	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big farmer that the ecstatic lawyers inspire engages the miserable kids	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that the young men criticize approves the little carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large farmer that the sad men engage remembers the old boys	singular	plural	plural	engages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the little men greet avoids the large guys	singular	plural	plural	greets	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that the miserable mothers discourage remembers the joyful poets	singular	plural	plural	discourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the little mothers encourage stimulates the big teachers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the young mothers engage approves the miserable athletes	singular	plural	plural	engages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that the miserable mothers remember engages the big boys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that the sad poets approve criticizes the young aunts	singular	plural	plural	approves	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the ecstatic poets confuse understands the sad aunts	singular	plural	plural	confuses	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that the small poets engage observes the big victims	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that the miserable poets inspire greets the sad men	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the sad singers remember understands the small kids	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that the large teachers engage knows the old aunts	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the little teachers stimulate encourages the small aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the ecstatic uncles approve remembers the tiny athletes	singular	plural	plural	approves	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that the tiny uncles approve stimulates the large doctors	singular	plural	plural	approves	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the ecstatic uncles confuse remembers the huge kids	singular	plural	plural	confuses	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young farmer that the joyful uncles confuse understands the huge athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuses	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that the large uncles discourage inspires the tiny girls	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The old farmer that the sad uncles encourage remembers the joyful kids	singular	plural	plural	encourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the large victims avoid greets the sad kids	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big farmer that the happy victims confuse approves the huge girls	singular	plural	plural	confuses	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the huge victims engage inspires the sad girls	singular	plural	plural	engages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that the little victims understand admires the ecstatic mothers	singular	plural	plural	understands	admire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the happy women criticize inspires the ecstatic kids	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The old father that the happy athletes confuse criticizes the joyful farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the sad athletes engage discourages the huge friends	singular	plural	plural	engages	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little father that the tiny athletes engage inspires the young guys	singular	plural	plural	engages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young father that the tiny aunts approve encourages the ecstatic lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the small aunts engage knows the happy carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel_that_adj	The old father that the large aunts know inspires the big singers	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large father that the young aunts understand avoids the old girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old father that the big boys admire criticizes the happy friends	singular	plural	plural	admires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big father that the joyful boys confuse greets the old uncles	singular	plural	plural	confuses	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old father that the miserable boys observe discourages the large mothers	singular	plural	plural	observes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the huge carpenters avoid admires the big friends	singular	plural	plural	avoids	admire
objrel_that_adj	The sad father that the little carpenters criticize encourages the big poets	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the joyful carpenters encourage observes the big uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that the young carpenters engage observes the sad doctors	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the ecstatic carpenters engage remembers the miserable aunts	singular	plural	plural	engages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny father that the big carpenters greet admires the sad teachers	singular	plural	plural	greets	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small father that the miserable carpenters know understands the huge girls	singular	plural	plural	knows	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy father that the large carpenters stimulate inspires the small uncles	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young father that the little doctors avoid remembers the small farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy father that the little doctors inspire confuses the huge guys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the big farmers approve confuses the ecstatic athletes	singular	plural	plural	approves	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the little farmers greet remembers the ecstatic guys	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the old farmers observe greets the big teachers	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad father that the tiny friends approve inspires the young mothers	singular	plural	plural	approves	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge father that the large friends encourage avoids the ecstatic women	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the small friends engage avoids the happy mothers	singular	plural	plural	engages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the joyful friends know greets the ecstatic singers	singular	plural	plural	knows	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy father that the miserable girls stimulate observes the young lawyers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge father that the joyful guys remember approves the miserable doctors	singular	plural	plural	remembers	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny father that the joyful guys stimulate confuses the large boys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large father that the happy kids admire inspires the big doctors	singular	plural	plural	admires	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the tiny kids discourage admires the happy men	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The large father that the small kids encourage criticizes the young women	singular	plural	plural	encourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that the large kids greet inspires the tiny singers	singular	plural	plural	greets	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young father that the happy kids observe greets the little singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the huge lawyers approve discourages the large friends	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge father that the tiny lawyers avoid engages the joyful farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little father that the joyful lawyers criticize engages the miserable women	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge father that the little lawyers greet stimulates the big girls	singular	plural	plural	greets	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The big father that the ecstatic mothers admire remembers the happy singers	singular	plural	plural	admires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge father that the big mothers approve confuses the sad women	singular	plural	plural	approves	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the small mothers approve greets the big friends	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the huge poets inspire criticizes the old uncles	singular	plural	plural	inspires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The young father that the ecstatic singers know approves the little women	singular	plural	plural	knows	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large father that the small teachers confuse encourages the big athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuses	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old father that the sad teachers discourage stimulates the tiny farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small father that the large teachers greet approves the joyful lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greets	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that the big teachers observe stimulates the joyful singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the old uncles approve understands the happy mothers	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the small uncles understand encourages the sad doctors	singular	plural	plural	understands	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big father that the joyful victims remember understands the happy doctors	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the ecstatic women avoid knows the big singers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel_that_adj	The old father that the little women criticize remembers the happy uncles	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that the joyful women know approves the young teachers	singular	plural	plural	knows	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small father that the happy women understand encourages the ecstatic lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understands	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the miserable athletes approve greets the old men	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the big athletes criticize knows the old kids	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the sad aunts admire criticizes the ecstatic boys	singular	plural	plural	admires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the small aunts greet inspires the miserable lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greets	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the joyful aunts inspire stimulates the sad fathers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the old boys approve encourages the huge uncles	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big friend that the ecstatic boys remember knows the little lawyers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the joyful carpenters criticize stimulates the miserable singers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The big friend that the miserable carpenters inspire engages the joyful guys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that the young carpenters observe discourages the old mothers	singular	plural	plural	observes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the tiny doctors engage admires the old victims	singular	plural	plural	engages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the large doctors observe approves the old uncles	singular	plural	plural	observes	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the young doctors stimulate understands the ecstatic victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that the big fathers stimulate remembers the miserable mothers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the young fathers understand remembers the miserable teachers	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the joyful girls discourage criticizes the old fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that the young girls observe inspires the tiny boys	singular	plural	plural	observes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the old girls stimulate avoids the small mothers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the ecstatic girls stimulate greets the little aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the old guys approve observes the huge aunts	singular	plural	plural	approves	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old friend that the large guys avoid stimulates the big lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the joyful guys understand approves the happy doctors	singular	plural	plural	understands	approve
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the small guys understand discourages the huge carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the small kids approve confuses the joyful guys	singular	plural	plural	approves	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the old kids avoid greets the large lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old friend that the big kids know engages the small farmers	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that the old lawyers engage discourages the happy uncles	singular	plural	plural	engages	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the large lawyers engage stimulates the ecstatic teachers	singular	plural	plural	engages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the huge lawyers stimulate remembers the large women	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the old men confuse avoids the joyful carpenters	singular	plural	plural	confuses	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the sad men confuse greets the miserable women	singular	plural	plural	confuses	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad friend that the ecstatic men criticize greets the old aunts	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old friend that the tiny men discourage inspires the sad poets	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little friend that the large mothers engage discourages the tiny poets	singular	plural	plural	engages	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that the old mothers inspire remembers the sad doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that the huge mothers understand greets the ecstatic singers	singular	plural	plural	understands	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the old poets admire avoids the small doctors	singular	plural	plural	admires	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the big poets admire confuses the tiny kids	singular	plural	plural	admires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge friend that the big poets avoid observes the miserable carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoids	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that the little poets engage confuses the happy guys	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad friend that the small poets inspire knows the miserable women	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that the young poets observe remembers the huge boys	singular	plural	plural	observes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge friend that the young singers avoid inspires the happy kids	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the small singers know observes the tiny teachers	singular	plural	plural	knows	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the little singers remember criticizes the tiny farmers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad friend that the ecstatic teachers discourage criticizes the young lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the huge teachers greet remembers the miserable fathers	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the happy uncles greet engages the joyful carpenters	singular	plural	plural	greets	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge friend that the big victims encourage approves the little poets	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the big victims understand encourages the old poets	singular	plural	plural	understands	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the young women inspire understands the sad victims	singular	plural	plural	inspires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old friend that the little women stimulate discourages the young carpenters	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large girl that the miserable athletes admire greets the joyful victims	singular	plural	plural	admires	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the miserable athletes encourage greets the ecstatic women	singular	plural	plural	encourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the happy athletes engage inspires the large fathers	singular	plural	plural	engages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the sad athletes engage understands the happy farmers	singular	plural	plural	engages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the tiny athletes remember approves the large carpenters	singular	plural	plural	remembers	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the small athletes understand greets the miserable kids	singular	plural	plural	understands	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the miserable aunts engage confuses the happy women	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the joyful aunts stimulate confuses the big men	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the sad aunts stimulate confuses the happy poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the tiny aunts stimulate inspires the young mothers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the old boys approve confuses the young victims	singular	plural	plural	approves	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young girl that the ecstatic boys approve understands the sad aunts	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the young boys criticize observes the huge doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small girl that the ecstatic doctors criticize knows the young lawyers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	know
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the sad doctors know stimulates the happy uncles	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the joyful doctors stimulate criticizes the miserable singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the small farmers criticize inspires the tiny athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the sad farmers encourage greets the small fathers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young girl that the large farmers know understands the joyful teachers	singular	plural	plural	knows	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large girl that the old farmers stimulate criticizes the happy poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the miserable fathers criticize remembers the joyful teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the ecstatic fathers observe understands the huge athletes	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that the old friends avoid criticizes the young fathers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the small friends remember approves the tiny poets	singular	plural	plural	remembers	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the young guys approve knows the little fathers	singular	plural	plural	approves	know
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the sad kids criticize encourages the young athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the tiny kids encourage greets the little singers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the small lawyers engage inspires the joyful fathers	singular	plural	plural	engages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young girl that the sad lawyers engage observes the joyful singers	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that the small men criticize knows the large singers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	know
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the huge mothers engage stimulates the old teachers	singular	plural	plural	engages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the old poets confuse observes the huge carpenters	singular	plural	plural	confuses	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large girl that the young poets discourage confuses the sad kids	singular	plural	plural	discourages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the ecstatic poets remember stimulates the happy fathers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the sad singers admire encourages the huge poets	singular	plural	plural	admires	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the sad singers avoid greets the tiny carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the joyful singers encourage stimulates the sad doctors	singular	plural	plural	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the little singers remember knows the young victims	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel_that_adj	The huge girl that the small singers stimulate approves the tiny poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the happy singers understand knows the little men	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel_that_adj	The young girl that the small teachers admire confuses the tiny poets	singular	plural	plural	admires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the young teachers approve understands the sad aunts	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the small uncles approve confuses the miserable friends	singular	plural	plural	approves	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge girl that the large uncles avoid admires the big carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoids	admire
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the large uncles criticize greets the joyful doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the tiny victims approve inspires the small men	singular	plural	plural	approves	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the tiny victims stimulate confuses the big women	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the big athletes discourage engages the large boys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the miserable athletes discourage greets the sad poets	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little guy that the old athletes observe knows the miserable women	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the huge aunts inspire remembers the little friends	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that the little aunts know engages the young singers	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the huge boys admire avoids the old lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admires	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the big boys stimulate approves the young poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the little carpenters discourage encourages the miserable mothers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small guy that the huge carpenters remember criticizes the happy women	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the large carpenters stimulate inspires the miserable farmers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small guy that the young farmers discourage avoids the happy lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the sad farmers inspire knows the joyful poets	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the miserable fathers admire understands the tiny lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the joyful fathers approve understands the tiny boys	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the little fathers observe confuses the joyful victims	singular	plural	plural	observes	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge guy that the little fathers remember approves the old girls	singular	plural	plural	remembers	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the miserable friends approve greets the joyful victims	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that the miserable friends observe avoids the tiny athletes	singular	plural	plural	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the young girls admire knows the sad victims	singular	plural	plural	admires	know
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the happy girls discourage encourages the huge victims	singular	plural	plural	discourages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that the small girls discourage observes the little mothers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the huge girls greet engages the tiny friends	singular	plural	plural	greets	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the miserable girls inspire remembers the ecstatic lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that the huge kids admire engages the happy farmers	singular	plural	plural	admires	engage
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the ecstatic kids discourage criticizes the joyful girls	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The old guy that the joyful kids discourage stimulates the tiny girls	singular	plural	plural	discourages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the huge kids inspire understands the small teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that the young kids remember understands the happy poets	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the tiny kids understand avoids the little boys	singular	plural	plural	understands	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small guy that the huge kids understand remembers the old poets	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the happy lawyers criticize admires the large singers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that the big lawyers criticize knows the little poets	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that the large men discourage greets the small girls	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the small men discourage inspires the large mothers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the big men engage observes the tiny lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small guy that the young men know inspires the big boys	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the small mothers greet engages the large aunts	singular	plural	plural	greets	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that the big mothers know encourages the tiny aunts	singular	plural	plural	knows	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small guy that the sad mothers observe knows the tiny fathers	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that the large singers criticize encourages the sad athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that the tiny teachers confuse stimulates the old women	singular	plural	plural	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the small teachers encourage approves the old carpenters	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge guy that the little teachers know greets the small men	singular	plural	plural	knows	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small guy that the young uncles understand criticizes the ecstatic kids	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The old guy that the big victims confuse understands the young boys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the small victims engage confuses the miserable poets	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old guy that the small women approve confuses the happy poets	singular	plural	plural	approves	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the ecstatic women greet discourages the old athletes	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old guy that the happy women observe criticizes the sad singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the tiny athletes avoid discourages the miserable victims	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the small athletes greet inspires the big victims	singular	plural	plural	greets	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small kid that the ecstatic athletes know understands the joyful fathers	singular	plural	plural	knows	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad kid that the ecstatic athletes observe encourages the old lawyers	singular	plural	plural	observes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big kid that the tiny aunts approve admires the huge athletes	singular	plural	plural	approves	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big kid that the happy boys discourage inspires the tiny farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small kid that the huge boys engage knows the happy guys	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the small boys observe approves the tiny poets	singular	plural	plural	observes	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small kid that the joyful doctors avoid inspires the miserable carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the young doctors discourage confuses the sad women	singular	plural	plural	discourages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big kid that the huge doctors greet avoids the miserable uncles	singular	plural	plural	greets	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad kid that the small doctors stimulate approves the old lawyers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the small doctors understand criticizes the tiny girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The little kid that the joyful doctors understand observes the ecstatic boys	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the large farmers admire avoids the tiny athletes	singular	plural	plural	admires	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The little kid that the large farmers know admires the small fathers	singular	plural	plural	knows	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young kid that the large fathers avoid stimulates the huge girls	singular	plural	plural	avoids	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little kid that the large fathers confuse inspires the ecstatic boys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the little fathers greet stimulates the ecstatic singers	singular	plural	plural	greets	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that the happy fathers stimulate avoids the ecstatic victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small kid that the happy friends engage approves the ecstatic fathers	singular	plural	plural	engages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the little friends know engages the small poets	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small kid that the joyful girls approve engages the big boys	singular	plural	plural	approves	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the small guys admire understands the young boys	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge kid that the tiny guys remember knows the joyful uncles	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel_that_adj	The small kid that the old men approve admires the little aunts	singular	plural	plural	approves	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the sad men greet remembers the tiny uncles	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that the sad men understand admires the ecstatic victims	singular	plural	plural	understands	admire
objrel_that_adj	The large kid that the little mothers avoid discourages the old singers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that the tiny mothers criticize encourages the big girls	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the young poets engage avoids the ecstatic teachers	singular	plural	plural	engages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large kid that the ecstatic singers engage knows the miserable victims	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel_that_adj	The little kid that the happy singers inspire admires the miserable girls	singular	plural	plural	inspires	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the happy teachers observe inspires the huge poets	singular	plural	plural	observes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that the ecstatic teachers observe understands the tiny singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the young victims stimulate remembers the ecstatic athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge kid that the large victims understand stimulates the miserable teachers	singular	plural	plural	understands	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young kid that the sad women avoid engages the joyful boys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the tiny women encourage inspires the sad victims	singular	plural	plural	encourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad kid that the large women remember stimulates the ecstatic carpenters	singular	plural	plural	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that the little athletes approve remembers the old fathers	singular	plural	plural	approves	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the ecstatic athletes discourage greets the huge singers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that the huge aunts encourage engages the young women	singular	plural	plural	encourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the big aunts understand knows the tiny guys	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the happy boys avoid knows the joyful fathers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the ecstatic boys criticize observes the large farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that the young boys greet discourages the sad singers	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that the huge carpenters confuse criticizes the miserable men	singular	plural	plural	confuses	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that the little carpenters observe criticizes the huge victims	singular	plural	plural	observes	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the joyful doctors discourage inspires the miserable girls	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the ecstatic doctors engage knows the old women	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that the miserable doctors understand discourages the small poets	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that the miserable farmers approve stimulates the old mothers	singular	plural	plural	approves	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the sad farmers know avoids the happy poets	singular	plural	plural	knows	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the miserable farmers observe admires the big aunts	singular	plural	plural	observes	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the miserable fathers inspire greets the old doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the miserable friends greet knows the ecstatic guys	singular	plural	plural	greets	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the little friends remember inspires the ecstatic kids	singular	plural	plural	remembers	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the ecstatic girls avoid remembers the large carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoids	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that the large girls encourage greets the huge boys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the tiny girls greet inspires the little fathers	singular	plural	plural	greets	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that the joyful girls remember engages the young guys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the joyful guys encourage understands the huge mothers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that the sad guys observe knows the little uncles	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the miserable guys stimulate discourages the sad poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that the old mothers approve encourages the small victims	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the miserable mothers confuse inspires the ecstatic guys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that the big mothers discourage remembers the sad uncles	singular	plural	plural	discourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the small mothers encourage criticizes the huge athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the young mothers know understands the joyful aunts	singular	plural	plural	knows	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the sad mothers remember knows the young singers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that the ecstatic poets approve encourages the little women	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the sad poets greet stimulates the old kids	singular	plural	plural	greets	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the tiny poets observe avoids the ecstatic boys	singular	plural	plural	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that the old teachers engage admires the happy uncles	singular	plural	plural	engages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the joyful teachers greet encourages the ecstatic farmers	singular	plural	plural	greets	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that the old teachers inspire avoids the small singers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that the young teachers observe knows the old boys	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that the young uncles observe remembers the old victims	singular	plural	plural	observes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that the young victims admire avoids the old uncles	singular	plural	plural	admires	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the old women discourage avoids the happy boys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the happy athletes admire understands the little singers	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the tiny athletes avoid engages the young mothers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little man that the miserable athletes engage observes the large farmers	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little man that the joyful aunts remember observes the miserable fathers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the huge boys avoid confuses the joyful victims	singular	plural	plural	avoids	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the large boys inspire confuses the little farmers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad man that the large boys know inspires the joyful carpenters	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the ecstatic carpenters admire encourages the sad kids	singular	plural	plural	admires	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the happy carpenters admire inspires the small doctors	singular	plural	plural	admires	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy man that the joyful carpenters confuse admires the old poets	singular	plural	plural	confuses	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the little carpenters criticize encourages the small doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the little carpenters criticize observes the sad doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	observe
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the tiny carpenters discourage avoids the little guys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the tiny carpenters know remembers the happy aunts	singular	plural	plural	knows	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big man that the ecstatic carpenters observe discourages the happy teachers	singular	plural	plural	observes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the joyful carpenters remember confuses the big doctors	singular	plural	plural	remembers	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The miserable man that the happy carpenters stimulate admires the little athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	admire
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the little doctors criticize remembers the large friends	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable man that the small doctors encourage admires the huge boys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the ecstatic farmers admire approves the big aunts	singular	plural	plural	admires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little man that the miserable farmers criticize remembers the joyful mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the happy fathers inspire criticizes the ecstatic uncles	singular	plural	plural	inspires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the little fathers know understands the happy carpenters	singular	plural	plural	knows	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable man that the small fathers observe remembers the happy boys	singular	plural	plural	observes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the tiny friends understand avoids the little carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understands	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big man that the sad friends understand remembers the happy poets	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the ecstatic girls know observes the joyful women	singular	plural	plural	knows	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big man that the happy girls remember understands the tiny guys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big man that the ecstatic guys criticize avoids the happy carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the little guys remember engages the miserable fathers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable man that the happy guys stimulate confuses the large girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the big kids confuse inspires the old mothers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable man that the sad kids encourage criticizes the small victims	singular	plural	plural	encourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad man that the happy kids observe approves the huge guys	singular	plural	plural	observes	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the happy kids observe stimulates the tiny carpenters	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad man that the tiny kids stimulate remembers the miserable victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the large kids stimulate understands the ecstatic lawyers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the huge lawyers admire knows the large fathers	singular	plural	plural	admires	know
objrel_that_adj	The sad man that the big lawyers confuse approves the joyful doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuses	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable man that the huge lawyers discourage confuses the young poets	singular	plural	plural	discourages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the happy mothers approve stimulates the big carpenters	singular	plural	plural	approves	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small man that the miserable mothers confuse stimulates the sad victims	singular	plural	plural	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the small mothers inspire avoids the little farmers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the happy mothers inspire confuses the young teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy man that the little mothers know engages the small aunts	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the little poets admire confuses the miserable guys	singular	plural	plural	admires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the old poets confuse avoids the huge uncles	singular	plural	plural	confuses	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the little poets engage remembers the miserable kids	singular	plural	plural	engages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the little singers confuse criticizes the miserable carpenters	singular	plural	plural	confuses	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the old singers confuse stimulates the large farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little man that the happy singers discourage approves the ecstatic carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the tiny singers encourage criticizes the old carpenters	singular	plural	plural	encourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The miserable man that the little uncles confuse criticizes the huge mothers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The little man that the huge uncles greet admires the sad carpenters	singular	plural	plural	greets	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old man that the young victims approve knows the little lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approves	know
objrel_that_adj	The old man that the large victims discourage admires the tiny uncles	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small man that the tiny victims discourage encourages the big fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small man that the happy victims encourage discourages the little carpenters	singular	plural	plural	encourages	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the sad victims stimulate confuses the tiny farmers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old man that the happy women approve inspires the joyful girls	singular	plural	plural	approves	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the little women confuse observes the miserable girls	singular	plural	plural	confuses	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small man that the tiny women encourage knows the sad athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The small man that the miserable women understand criticizes the happy doctors	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the tiny athletes confuse remembers the large men	singular	plural	plural	confuses	remember
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the old aunts greet engages the big farmers	singular	plural	plural	greets	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young mother that the old aunts greet observes the ecstatic women	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that the large boys observe understands the miserable kids	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the tiny boys remember criticizes the sad lawyers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that the old carpenters approve remembers the little aunts	singular	plural	plural	approves	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad mother that the tiny carpenters criticize discourages the ecstatic friends	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the joyful carpenters know approves the miserable friends	singular	plural	plural	knows	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the small doctors approve stimulates the young aunts	singular	plural	plural	approves	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that the large doctors inspire admires the sad guys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	admire
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the small farmers encourage inspires the little doctors	singular	plural	plural	encourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the large farmers inspire observes the sad athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small mother that the tiny farmers know discourages the huge victims	singular	plural	plural	knows	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that the joyful farmers stimulate knows the ecstatic fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that the large fathers discourage observes the big girls	singular	plural	plural	discourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the young fathers observe greets the miserable farmers	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the ecstatic friends understand criticizes the little women	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy mother that the ecstatic friends understand knows the joyful girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel_that_adj	The old mother that the small girls confuse remembers the large poets	singular	plural	plural	confuses	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young mother that the large girls engage stimulates the huge carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy mother that the small girls inspire observes the sad poets	singular	plural	plural	inspires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the joyful girls observe stimulates the tiny carpenters	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the old guys observe remembers the tiny friends	singular	plural	plural	observes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young mother that the miserable lawyers approve avoids the sad uncles	singular	plural	plural	approves	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small mother that the young lawyers encourage engages the sad boys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the happy lawyers stimulate knows the old doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the young singers discourage knows the small athletes	singular	plural	plural	discourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that the huge singers encourage inspires the miserable aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy mother that the little teachers stimulate greets the big singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the young uncles understand observes the big singers	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad mother that the ecstatic victims admire observes the old girls	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The young mother that the ecstatic victims approve confuses the huge doctors	singular	plural	plural	approves	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that the large victims criticize remembers the huge girls	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the small victims observe engages the joyful teachers	singular	plural	plural	observes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the joyful women admire remembers the huge victims	singular	plural	plural	admires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that the huge women approve discourages the small lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the joyful women stimulate engages the miserable uncles	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad mother that the little women stimulate remembers the big uncles	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the young athletes observe greets the old farmers	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the tiny aunts avoid confuses the sad boys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that the happy aunts discourage approves the miserable friends	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big poet that the joyful aunts know admires the large mothers	singular	plural	plural	knows	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the happy aunts know encourages the big doctors	singular	plural	plural	knows	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the big boys remember greets the old girls	singular	plural	plural	remembers	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the big carpenters confuse remembers the huge women	singular	plural	plural	confuses	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small poet that the little carpenters criticize greets the miserable farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that the miserable carpenters observe inspires the tiny farmers	singular	plural	plural	observes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the joyful farmers encourage observes the little victims	singular	plural	plural	encourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the miserable farmers inspire criticizes the tiny carpenters	singular	plural	plural	inspires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big poet that the little fathers discourage knows the happy kids	singular	plural	plural	discourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The young poet that the tiny fathers know greets the small friends	singular	plural	plural	knows	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that the large friends admire engages the tiny mothers	singular	plural	plural	admires	engage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the joyful friends approve avoids the small carpenters	singular	plural	plural	approves	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the joyful friends encourage inspires the little athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the joyful girls avoid observes the huge teachers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the young girls engage criticizes the tiny victims	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the small girls inspire understands the young fathers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that the sad girls stimulate approves the young mothers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big poet that the joyful guys approve discourages the miserable farmers	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the miserable guys observe avoids the huge aunts	singular	plural	plural	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the miserable guys stimulate avoids the happy women	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small poet that the big guys stimulate inspires the little singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the miserable guys understand approves the large boys	singular	plural	plural	understands	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big poet that the little kids confuse stimulates the happy girls	singular	plural	plural	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the old kids discourage knows the young women	singular	plural	plural	discourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the happy kids engage understands the tiny guys	singular	plural	plural	engages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the miserable lawyers admire greets the old teachers	singular	plural	plural	admires	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the young lawyers avoid greets the ecstatic friends	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the joyful lawyers confuse remembers the sad doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuses	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the miserable lawyers engage stimulates the small aunts	singular	plural	plural	engages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the young lawyers inspire criticizes the huge kids	singular	plural	plural	inspires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the ecstatic men avoid confuses the big kids	singular	plural	plural	avoids	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the sad men criticize knows the happy farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the large men encourage engages the little athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that the old men know encourages the small doctors	singular	plural	plural	knows	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the large mothers encourage criticizes the miserable men	singular	plural	plural	encourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the young mothers know approves the large girls	singular	plural	plural	knows	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the happy singers approve discourages the huge teachers	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the joyful singers criticize understands the happy doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the large singers encourage approves the small uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the ecstatic singers encourage observes the tiny athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The young poet that the sad singers engage admires the little boys	singular	plural	plural	engages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the young teachers admire approves the miserable uncles	singular	plural	plural	admires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big poet that the young teachers approve discourages the ecstatic doctors	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the old teachers avoid stimulates the sad friends	singular	plural	plural	avoids	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the joyful teachers know remembers the tiny boys	singular	plural	plural	knows	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young poet that the sad teachers understand observes the tiny farmers	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the large uncles confuse knows the sad aunts	singular	plural	plural	confuses	know
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the ecstatic uncles inspire greets the little carpenters	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the happy uncles remember admires the joyful farmers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that the ecstatic uncles stimulate understands the small athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that the joyful uncles understand knows the sad singers	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that the sad victims confuse encourages the little doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuses	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the young victims discourage observes the little men	singular	plural	plural	discourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the old victims discourage remembers the tiny men	singular	plural	plural	discourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the sad victims stimulate remembers the miserable lawyers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the young women criticize avoids the little doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that the ecstatic women engage admires the old aunts	singular	plural	plural	engages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the huge women engage remembers the miserable men	singular	plural	plural	engages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small poet that the huge women greet avoids the big kids	singular	plural	plural	greets	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy singer that the tiny athletes encourage admires the sad aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young singer that the ecstatic aunts approve encourages the miserable teachers	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge singer that the old aunts greet confuses the sad boys	singular	plural	plural	greets	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big singer that the small boys engage admires the young victims	singular	plural	plural	engages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big singer that the miserable boys inspire stimulates the large teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little singer that the ecstatic carpenters discourage understands the small victims	singular	plural	plural	discourages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large singer that the tiny carpenters engage encourages the old men	singular	plural	plural	engages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that the happy doctors admire criticizes the huge teachers	singular	plural	plural	admires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that the tiny doctors encourage remembers the huge mothers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that the tiny doctors inspire discourages the small uncles	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old singer that the tiny doctors stimulate admires the sad victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that the happy fathers encourage remembers the little victims	singular	plural	plural	encourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that the old fathers engage encourages the joyful men	singular	plural	plural	engages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young singer that the large fathers greet admires the little women	singular	plural	plural	greets	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that the little friends inspire understands the huge boys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old singer that the huge girls stimulate approves the joyful women	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that the joyful guys criticize greets the young aunts	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge singer that the old guys discourage approves the small doctors	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that the large guys know criticizes the ecstatic aunts	singular	plural	plural	knows	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that the huge guys observe avoids the small teachers	singular	plural	plural	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that the little guys observe greets the small farmers	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that the old kids observe engages the happy farmers	singular	plural	plural	observes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The big singer that the joyful lawyers approve greets the little uncles	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large singer that the happy lawyers criticize approves the young women	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that the huge lawyers remember greets the sad women	singular	plural	plural	remembers	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that the sad lawyers understand greets the ecstatic girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old singer that the big men approve discourages the ecstatic fathers	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large singer that the huge men approve engages the old boys	singular	plural	plural	approves	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad singer that the ecstatic men inspire discourages the small guys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that the old men observe avoids the ecstatic kids	singular	plural	plural	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge singer that the young mothers engage inspires the sad men	singular	plural	plural	engages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that the small mothers greet confuses the miserable friends	singular	plural	plural	greets	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little singer that the young mothers inspire avoids the huge poets	singular	plural	plural	inspires	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy singer that the young mothers observe knows the joyful teachers	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel_that_adj	The happy singer that the huge mothers remember stimulates the young teachers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy singer that the ecstatic poets inspire greets the large guys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large singer that the small teachers engage observes the ecstatic farmers	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that the large teachers greet confuses the big victims	singular	plural	plural	greets	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy singer that the huge teachers stimulate observes the small athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large singer that the old teachers understand inspires the huge carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understands	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that the large uncles inspire criticizes the small poets	singular	plural	plural	inspires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad singer that the small uncles understand approves the young men	singular	plural	plural	understands	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad singer that the large victims remember understands the happy teachers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old singer that the happy women remember observes the large farmers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge singer that the large women remember observes the joyful victims	singular	plural	plural	remembers	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that the tiny athletes inspire discourages the old uncles	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young teacher that the old aunts avoid greets the big victims	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that the happy aunts inspire admires the joyful friends	singular	plural	plural	inspires	admire
objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that the old aunts know engages the large victims	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that the large aunts remember avoids the little girls	singular	plural	plural	remembers	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old teacher that the big carpenters engage approves the little singers	singular	plural	plural	engages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that the small carpenters know avoids the tiny guys	singular	plural	plural	knows	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that the young doctors confuse avoids the large girls	singular	plural	plural	confuses	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The little teacher that the old doctors observe remembers the tiny women	singular	plural	plural	observes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young teacher that the sad farmers admire discourages the small lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that the miserable farmers criticize stimulates the sad poets	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the happy farmers inspire knows the little lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that the large farmers understand admires the ecstatic poets	singular	plural	plural	understands	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young teacher that the huge fathers criticize stimulates the old friends	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that the ecstatic fathers discourage greets the big farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that the young fathers encourage confuses the little friends	singular	plural	plural	encourages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large teacher that the joyful girls engage confuses the old carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old teacher that the tiny girls stimulate encourages the huge friends	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big teacher that the sad guys remember inspires the young women	singular	plural	plural	remembers	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the ecstatic kids approve criticizes the miserable mothers	singular	plural	plural	approves	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that the joyful kids avoid engages the happy doctors	singular	plural	plural	avoids	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large teacher that the miserable kids avoid understands the small aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoids	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that the large kids discourage greets the miserable athletes	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old teacher that the tiny kids encourage avoids the miserable singers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that the miserable kids remember avoids the sad fathers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that the tiny lawyers know greets the young singers	singular	plural	plural	knows	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that the old lawyers stimulate approves the large farmers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	approve
objrel_that_adj	The old teacher that the happy men observe inspires the large boys	singular	plural	plural	observes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that the tiny poets engage greets the old doctors	singular	plural	plural	engages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that the small poets engage stimulates the sad fathers	singular	plural	plural	engages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young teacher that the tiny singers confuse greets the joyful farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that the happy uncles avoid observes the huge friends	singular	plural	plural	avoids	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big teacher that the large victims avoid confuses the tiny doctors	singular	plural	plural	avoids	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young teacher that the joyful victims criticize avoids the sad singers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that the big victims know remembers the ecstatic athletes	singular	plural	plural	knows	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old teacher that the little women approve discourages the happy uncles	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the ecstatic women know engages the small poets	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that the little athletes admire inspires the joyful farmers	singular	plural	plural	admires	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the big athletes avoid encourages the joyful victims	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the ecstatic athletes encourage stimulates the old lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that the large aunts admire understands the little fathers	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that the ecstatic aunts approve encourages the large men	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the small aunts confuse engages the tiny kids	singular	plural	plural	confuses	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the young aunts criticize remembers the big mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the small aunts encourage remembers the tiny boys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that the miserable aunts inspire approves the young doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the joyful aunts understand observes the small boys	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the large boys confuse greets the tiny friends	singular	plural	plural	confuses	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that the sad boys stimulate admires the miserable women	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old uncle that the miserable carpenters approve knows the happy girls	singular	plural	plural	approves	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that the happy carpenters approve understands the young mothers	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that the tiny carpenters approve understands the huge victims	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the sad carpenters encourage knows the young singers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the joyful doctors admire knows the sad men	singular	plural	plural	admires	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the little doctors approve remembers the huge victims	singular	plural	plural	approves	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the huge doctors avoid admires the little fathers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	admire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that the tiny doctors discourage admires the small victims	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young uncle that the huge doctors remember admires the tiny boys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the small doctors understand approves the huge girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little uncle that the old farmers greet engages the huge victims	singular	plural	plural	greets	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small uncle that the ecstatic fathers avoid inspires the huge guys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little uncle that the miserable fathers confuse observes the big farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that the miserable fathers engage observes the happy farmers	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old uncle that the young friends engage confuses the huge fathers	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that the tiny friends greet inspires the happy girls	singular	plural	plural	greets	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the little friends greet understands the old farmers	singular	plural	plural	greets	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the small girls admire discourages the tiny carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that the miserable girls avoid stimulates the young boys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that the ecstatic girls know encourages the sad lawyers	singular	plural	plural	knows	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small uncle that the little girls remember discourages the big carpenters	singular	plural	plural	remembers	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the sad guys approve greets the joyful aunts	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old uncle that the sad guys encourage understands the little farmers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that the small guys inspire knows the old athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that the large kids confuse inspires the ecstatic guys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the ecstatic kids discourage inspires the huge mothers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the ecstatic kids stimulate confuses the young doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the large men criticize confuses the old lawyers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the young mothers admire understands the large athletes	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the small mothers discourage observes the big kids	singular	plural	plural	discourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the sad poets admire remembers the joyful girls	singular	plural	plural	admires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the joyful poets approve understands the sad farmers	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the ecstatic poets encourage criticizes the young boys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that the tiny poets greet discourages the little lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that the large poets know observes the huge women	singular	plural	plural	knows	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the little poets understand avoids the happy girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old uncle that the sad singers discourage remembers the big poets	singular	plural	plural	discourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the young singers greet admires the joyful victims	singular	plural	plural	greets	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the huge singers greet engages the old teachers	singular	plural	plural	greets	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the little singers greet remembers the old women	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that the small singers inspire admires the little aunts	singular	plural	plural	inspires	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young uncle that the miserable teachers discourage criticizes the big carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the huge teachers know avoids the sad lawyers	singular	plural	plural	knows	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that the young victims discourage understands the tiny teachers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the young victims encourage greets the joyful aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that the young women admire discourages the happy farmers	singular	plural	plural	admires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young uncle that the small women criticize inspires the old athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that the tiny women remember understands the little lawyers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that the young athletes encourage criticizes the huge doctors	singular	plural	plural	encourages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large victim that the huge aunts admire understands the little poets	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that the huge aunts criticize stimulates the ecstatic guys	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the tiny aunts remember admires the happy athletes	singular	plural	plural	remembers	admire
objrel_that_adj	The happy victim that the big carpenters confuse remembers the sad doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuses	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large victim that the sad carpenters engage confuses the miserable kids	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the young carpenters observe admires the small men	singular	plural	plural	observes	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young victim that the old carpenters observe greets the huge poets	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the large doctors criticize admires the huge mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big victim that the ecstatic doctors inspire approves the young poets	singular	plural	plural	inspires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy victim that the tiny doctors know confuses the joyful uncles	singular	plural	plural	knows	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the sad farmers approve inspires the ecstatic girls	singular	plural	plural	approves	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large victim that the small farmers know approves the little athletes	singular	plural	plural	knows	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the ecstatic fathers admire stimulates the old friends	singular	plural	plural	admires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the young friends avoid engages the sad women	singular	plural	plural	avoids	engage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that the ecstatic friends know avoids the huge mothers	singular	plural	plural	knows	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the small girls approve greets the big mothers	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big victim that the sad girls avoid knows the large farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that the small girls criticize admires the miserable women	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that the joyful girls know approves the sad men	singular	plural	plural	knows	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy victim that the joyful girls know confuses the miserable teachers	singular	plural	plural	knows	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large victim that the tiny girls understand confuses the big lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understands	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the old guys approve knows the small teachers	singular	plural	plural	approves	know
objrel_that_adj	The happy victim that the small kids encourage remembers the big athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the big kids know approves the young women	singular	plural	plural	knows	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that the young lawyers discourage inspires the big fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the small men admire discourages the little women	singular	plural	plural	admires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the sad men engage greets the happy boys	singular	plural	plural	engages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the huge men greet knows the miserable athletes	singular	plural	plural	greets	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that the joyful mothers engage knows the old athletes	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the old mothers remember criticizes the large guys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the happy poets engage greets the big friends	singular	plural	plural	engages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old victim that the large singers admire avoids the big uncles	singular	plural	plural	admires	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the miserable singers confuse stimulates the ecstatic girls	singular	plural	plural	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that the large singers criticize approves the happy fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the miserable singers observe understands the tiny fathers	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The small victim that the joyful singers understand stimulates the huge uncles	singular	plural	plural	understands	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the big teachers stimulate confuses the tiny girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that the small uncles observe admires the huge kids	singular	plural	plural	observes	admire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the happy uncles observe knows the old kids	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel_that_adj	The happy victim that the young women admire inspires the big carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admires	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the old women avoid admires the sad farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big victim that the ecstatic women criticize greets the happy men	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the ecstatic women discourage admires the happy aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the ecstatic athletes observe greets the sad poets	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that the sad aunts confuse engages the big teachers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the tiny boys greet discourages the joyful mothers	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the happy boys know engages the sad teachers	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the large boys stimulate criticizes the old victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that the large carpenters engage knows the old men	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the sad carpenters greet avoids the large girls	singular	plural	plural	greets	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large woman that the happy carpenters remember inspires the little men	singular	plural	plural	remembers	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large woman that the joyful carpenters remember understands the small poets	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy woman that the miserable doctors admire stimulates the old friends	singular	plural	plural	admires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the happy doctors approve greets the large farmers	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little woman that the sad doctors stimulate admires the tiny uncles	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the happy farmers admire observes the tiny athletes	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the joyful farmers remember stimulates the young mothers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the miserable fathers stimulate inspires the ecstatic aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large woman that the sad friends confuse greets the big teachers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the happy girls observe discourages the big teachers	singular	plural	plural	observes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that the big guys approve observes the happy farmers	singular	plural	plural	approves	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad woman that the small guys discourage knows the little doctors	singular	plural	plural	discourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that the big guys encourage understands the tiny kids	singular	plural	plural	encourages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that the little lawyers avoid criticizes the old girls	singular	plural	plural	avoids	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that the happy lawyers inspire admires the small victims	singular	plural	plural	inspires	admire
objrel_that_adj	The happy woman that the small lawyers inspire knows the old friends	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel_that_adj	The small woman that the huge lawyers observe discourages the happy athletes	singular	plural	plural	observes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that the large men approve remembers the happy mothers	singular	plural	plural	approves	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy woman that the miserable men greet avoids the old victims	singular	plural	plural	greets	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the sad men inspire stimulates the big doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the big men stimulate observes the miserable singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the tiny mothers confuse criticizes the big poets	singular	plural	plural	confuses	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad woman that the huge poets admire stimulates the young aunts	singular	plural	plural	admires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the huge poets stimulate admires the joyful farmers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	admire
objrel_that_adj	The happy woman that the small poets understand inspires the sad lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understands	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the tiny poets understand stimulates the miserable aunts	singular	plural	plural	understands	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large woman that the little singers avoid understands the small friends	singular	plural	plural	avoids	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large woman that the big singers remember inspires the young carpenters	singular	plural	plural	remembers	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that the big singers understand greets the large fathers	singular	plural	plural	understands	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that the huge teachers encourage inspires the large singers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that the miserable teachers inspire greets the tiny girls	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that the huge teachers know engages the joyful friends	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that the young teachers remember greets the happy guys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that the huge uncles avoid knows the ecstatic doctors	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that the ecstatic uncles engage admires the small kids	singular	plural	plural	engages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the happy uncles engage criticizes the tiny poets	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the large uncles engage inspires the joyful carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large woman that the miserable uncles greet discourages the tiny boys	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that the huge uncles inspire remembers the sad mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the joyful victims stimulate admires the happy teachers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young athletes that the old aunt admires know the large teacher	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young athletes that the large aunt confuses discourage the happy kid	plural	singular	singular	confuse	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that the small aunt greets inspire the young poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little athletes that the tiny aunt inspires observe the young man	plural	singular	singular	inspire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that the miserable aunt remembers admire the young farmer	plural	singular	singular	remember	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the large boy admires stimulate the miserable lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that the tiny boy discourages confuse the happy man	plural	singular	singular	discourage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that the small carpenter approves encourage the old mother	plural	singular	singular	approve	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young athletes that the huge carpenter avoids remember the miserable farmer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that the old carpenter greets observe the huge woman	plural	singular	singular	greet	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that the sad carpenter observes discourage the old victim	plural	singular	singular	observe	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the large doctor avoids remember the happy teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old athletes that the sad doctor greets observe the miserable teacher	plural	singular	singular	greet	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young athletes that the large farmer criticizes stimulate the big carpenter	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large athletes that the sad farmer observes encourage the ecstatic uncle	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that the young farmer understands approve the joyful teacher	plural	singular	singular	understand	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that the little father understands encourage the miserable girl	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that the ecstatic father understands know the young poet	plural	singular	singular	understand	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young athletes that the large friend approves criticize the tiny farmer	plural	singular	singular	approve	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big athletes that the young friend approves engage the sad farmer	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old athletes that the tiny friend confuses greet the large doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young athletes that the sad friend greets confuse the ecstatic girl	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big athletes that the sad friend understands stimulate the tiny doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that the sad girl admires greet the old aunt	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that the joyful girl avoids criticize the large doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big athletes that the sad girl confuses greet the joyful guy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_that_adj	The old athletes that the sad guy admires discourage the big farmer	plural	singular	singular	admire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the miserable guy avoids know the old uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoid	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that the large guy encourages approve the huge lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young athletes that the miserable guy stimulates criticize the big singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large athletes that the big kid approves confuse the tiny friend	plural	singular	singular	approve	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that the tiny kid discourages understand the old victim	plural	singular	singular	discourage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the huge kid engages inspire the happy friend	plural	singular	singular	engage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that the little lawyer criticizes encourage the tiny aunt	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that the miserable lawyer encourages observe the small mother	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young athletes that the small lawyer observes approve the huge uncle	plural	singular	singular	observe	approves
objrel_that_adj	The large athletes that the happy man criticizes greet the ecstatic boy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that the huge man encourages discourage the tiny lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the miserable man inspires know the small victim	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that the big mother approves stimulate the joyful singer	plural	singular	singular	approve	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that the happy mother avoids confuse the miserable victim	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The old athletes that the miserable mother confuses greet the sad doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_that_adj	The old athletes that the miserable mother stimulates greet the small carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young athletes that the miserable poet admires know the small lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that the little poet discourages avoid the large teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young athletes that the small poet encourages admire the old guy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old athletes that the sad poet remembers discourage the big victim	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young athletes that the huge poet understands greet the small teacher	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that the big singer criticizes avoid the sad teacher	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large athletes that the joyful singer discourages criticize the sad lawyer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that the miserable singer discourages encourage the big girl	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that the small singer encourages observe the old guy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The little athletes that the young singer observes approve the ecstatic friend	plural	singular	singular	observe	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little athletes that the young singer remembers greet the sad mother	plural	singular	singular	remember	greets
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the little teacher admires observe the tiny victim	plural	singular	singular	admire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big athletes that the young teacher avoids engage the happy uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoid	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little athletes that the large uncle approves observe the small carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approve	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that the old uncle avoids inspire the joyful doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoid	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that the old uncle avoids remember the tiny guy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that the huge victim admires stimulate the miserable father	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the sad victim approves discourage the young aunt	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that the ecstatic victim encourages greet the huge kid	plural	singular	singular	encourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big athletes that the little victim encourages remember the miserable farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that the tiny woman approves encourage the small mother	plural	singular	singular	approve	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that the happy woman avoids greet the young guy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	greets
objrel_that_adj	The old athletes that the sad woman inspires avoid the ecstatic poet	plural	singular	singular	inspire	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the miserable athlete engages criticize the tiny boy	plural	singular	singular	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the small athlete inspires confuse the little singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that the little athlete knows admire the ecstatic carpenter	plural	singular	singular	know	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that the large boy discourages encourage the young athlete	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big aunts that the old boy discourages know the little farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that the large boy encourages observe the tiny doctor	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that the sad carpenter avoids greet the little girl	plural	singular	singular	avoid	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big aunts that the joyful carpenter avoids stimulate the old farmer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the ecstatic carpenter confuses admire the joyful farmer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large aunts that the young carpenter discourages engage the old man	plural	singular	singular	discourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that the sad carpenter encourages engage the old athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the happy carpenter inspires engage the joyful singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	engages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that the big doctor greets observe the old kid	plural	singular	singular	greet	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the miserable farmer criticizes know the sad athlete	plural	singular	singular	criticize	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the small farmer engages encourage the joyful lawyer	plural	singular	singular	engage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the large farmer greets stimulate the miserable lawyer	plural	singular	singular	greet	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the sad farmer knows understand the small father	plural	singular	singular	know	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the little farmer remembers confuse the large uncle	plural	singular	singular	remember	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the huge farmer remembers engage the tiny victim	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large aunts that the happy father approves encourage the huge farmer	plural	singular	singular	approve	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the little father observes avoid the small carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observe	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that the big father remembers approve the miserable carpenter	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big aunts that the little father stimulates avoid the sad girl	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large aunts that the small friend admires observe the little athlete	plural	singular	singular	admire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the ecstatic friend criticizes approve the joyful boy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that the sad friend criticizes avoid the little farmer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the big friend observes confuse the large athlete	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that the big girl inspires observe the little teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the sad girl remembers greet the large farmer	plural	singular	singular	remember	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that the small guy admires greet the big poet	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that the young lawyer approves discourage the big singer	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that the large lawyer avoids stimulate the small man	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the joyful man avoids discourage the tiny friend	plural	singular	singular	avoid	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the young man engages know the big father	plural	singular	singular	engage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that the tiny man knows observe the small kid	plural	singular	singular	know	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the happy man understands greet the sad father	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large aunts that the joyful mother engages encourage the miserable poet	plural	singular	singular	engage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the sad poet confuses understand the miserable boy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	understands
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that the sad poet criticizes observe the big man	plural	singular	singular	criticize	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the joyful poet observes approve the little lawyer	plural	singular	singular	observe	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the large poet understands remember the big friend	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the happy singer avoids approve the miserable poet	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big aunts that the young singer discourages criticize the miserable lawyer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the huge singer inspires understand the small father	plural	singular	singular	inspire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the old uncle engages stimulate the joyful farmer	plural	singular	singular	engage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large aunts that the huge uncle understands inspire the young woman	plural	singular	singular	understand	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the young victim criticizes greet the joyful man	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the huge woman admires remember the old doctor	plural	singular	singular	admire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that the happy woman engages greet the sad lawyer	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little boys that the big athlete criticizes approve the tiny uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticize	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little boys that the sad athlete greets understand the big poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy boys that the old athlete knows avoid the joyful poet	plural	singular	singular	know	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that the sad athlete remembers approve the huge singer	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that the joyful aunt discourages approve the big guy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young boys that the sad aunt understands encourage the tiny guy	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that the tiny carpenter confuses stimulate the big man	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The small boys that the big carpenter greets understand the joyful kid	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old boys that the joyful carpenter knows approve the large victim	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the sad doctor remembers approve the large father	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the large doctor remembers understand the big uncle	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy boys that the ecstatic farmer admires know the little guy	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the miserable farmer confuses discourage the tiny poet	plural	singular	singular	confuse	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that the old farmer knows observe the small uncle	plural	singular	singular	know	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that the big father avoids approve the happy guy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the large father avoids observe the little victim	plural	singular	singular	avoid	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old boys that the happy father confuses discourage the ecstatic victim	plural	singular	singular	confuse	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young boys that the large father encourages understand the big uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The small boys that the old father knows confuse the happy singer	plural	singular	singular	know	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that the small friend approves admire the huge athlete	plural	singular	singular	approve	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that the sad friend approves understand the huge aunt	plural	singular	singular	approve	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy boys that the small friend encourages observe the little farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the little friend engages stimulate the big aunt	plural	singular	singular	engage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the joyful friend knows engage the young teacher	plural	singular	singular	know	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the small girl approves discourage the happy poet	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old boys that the miserable girl encourages stimulate the small mother	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that the huge girl greets avoid the big singer	plural	singular	singular	greet	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the large guy inspires know the old uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the miserable guy knows observe the old kid	plural	singular	singular	know	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the old kid discourages encourage the ecstatic lawyer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young boys that the big kid greets confuse the joyful singer	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the young kid greets stimulate the miserable woman	plural	singular	singular	greet	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The small boys that the happy lawyer greets confuse the old singer	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the large lawyer knows avoid the joyful victim	plural	singular	singular	know	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that the big lawyer observes confuse the little teacher	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy boys that the small man encourages stimulate the old kid	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the old man remembers discourage the little friend	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the young mother confuses admire the old guy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the little mother engages greet the tiny doctor	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the small mother remembers approve the old friend	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that the large poet engages confuse the sad victim	plural	singular	singular	engage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the old poet engages remember the ecstatic singer	plural	singular	singular	engage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy boys that the big teacher avoids approve the little woman	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the miserable teacher understands approve the tiny man	plural	singular	singular	understand	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old boys that the big uncle discourages confuse the tiny woman	plural	singular	singular	discourage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy boys that the big uncle encourages greet the sad man	plural	singular	singular	encourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that the big uncle encourages inspire the old doctor	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young boys that the happy uncle observes remember the old victim	plural	singular	singular	observe	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy boys that the huge uncle remembers avoid the little farmer	plural	singular	singular	remember	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy boys that the ecstatic uncle stimulates inspire the large athlete	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the miserable victim encourages observe the ecstatic uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the tiny victim observes admire the large singer	plural	singular	singular	observe	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little boys that the large victim stimulates criticize the joyful man	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that the joyful athlete admires confuse the little woman	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that the young athlete greets know the ecstatic mother	plural	singular	singular	greet	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the happy aunt discourages remember the miserable boy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the sad aunt remembers engage the small friend	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the small aunt stimulates confuse the miserable mother	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the small boy confuses remember the miserable farmer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the sad boy understands approve the huge doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that the tiny doctor criticizes greet the joyful lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that the young doctor observes admire the old father	plural	singular	singular	observe	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the joyful doctor stimulates greet the huge father	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the happy doctor understands confuse the miserable teacher	plural	singular	singular	understand	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that the small farmer admires greet the old poet	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that the ecstatic friend confuses stimulate the large doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that the small friend knows approve the sad teacher	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that the huge girl admires avoid the old uncle	plural	singular	singular	admire	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that the miserable guy greets approve the tiny victim	plural	singular	singular	greet	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the big guy observes discourage the small boy	plural	singular	singular	observe	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the happy guy remembers encourage the small kid	plural	singular	singular	remember	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that the big guy remembers stimulate the large singer	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that the old kid discourages understand the miserable uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that the ecstatic kid greets admire the old athlete	plural	singular	singular	greet	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that the young kid knows observe the big doctor	plural	singular	singular	know	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the sad kid observes understand the little guy	plural	singular	singular	observe	understands
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that the big lawyer criticizes admire the old man	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that the happy lawyer inspires admire the small singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that the miserable man discourages admire the ecstatic kid	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that the ecstatic man stimulates confuse the young father	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that the sad mother encourages understand the miserable man	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the ecstatic mother knows engage the miserable uncle	plural	singular	singular	know	engages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that the happy poet criticizes inspire the big uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticize	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that the sad poet encourages inspire the happy lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the sad singer observes admire the little girl	plural	singular	singular	observe	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the huge teacher avoids observe the old doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoid	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that the happy teacher engages observe the big man	plural	singular	singular	engage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that the tiny teacher stimulates remember the ecstatic father	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the sad uncle avoids confuse the miserable victim	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the joyful uncle observes greet the large aunt	plural	singular	singular	observe	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the small victim admires stimulate the ecstatic guy	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that the ecstatic victim admires understand the large lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that the joyful victim encourages avoid the little man	plural	singular	singular	encourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that the ecstatic victim knows criticize the small mother	plural	singular	singular	know	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the sad victim understands criticize the small guy	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that the small woman encourages know the little uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that the joyful woman remembers observe the old poet	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that the tiny aunt confuses avoid the old boy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little doctors that the joyful aunt encourages greet the small uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that the big aunt encourages remember the old teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that the happy aunt knows approve the old victim	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that the big boy confuses observe the tiny poet	plural	singular	singular	confuse	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that the large boy confuses stimulate the huge father	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young doctors that the small boy criticizes inspire the happy guy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that the little boy knows observe the tiny victim	plural	singular	singular	know	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small doctors that the old boy understands confuse the big friend	plural	singular	singular	understand	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that the little carpenter approves understand the happy father	plural	singular	singular	approve	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big doctors that the little carpenter criticizes discourage the large woman	plural	singular	singular	criticize	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large doctors that the small carpenter engages inspire the big singer	plural	singular	singular	engage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the big farmer admires stimulate the young boy	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large doctors that the little farmer knows approve the huge victim	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little doctors that the huge farmer knows observe the big girl	plural	singular	singular	know	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young doctors that the huge father greets approve the joyful uncle	plural	singular	singular	greet	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that the sad father observes criticize the young carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small doctors that the little father stimulates avoid the joyful carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that the small father stimulates remember the huge aunt	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young doctors that the joyful friend encourages avoid the miserable victim	plural	singular	singular	encourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large doctors that the happy friend greets approve the tiny singer	plural	singular	singular	greet	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that the sad girl remembers approve the small athlete	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that the huge girl stimulates admire the old guy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	admires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that the miserable guy avoids greet the large uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoid	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large doctors that the tiny guy inspires approve the happy poet	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that the young kid approves inspire the miserable boy	plural	singular	singular	approve	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little doctors that the large kid confuses approve the joyful girl	plural	singular	singular	confuse	approves
objrel_that_adj	The large doctors that the joyful kid confuses inspire the small uncle	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young doctors that the small kid observes criticize the joyful victim	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that the joyful kid understands approve the young victim	plural	singular	singular	understand	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that the sad lawyer approves greet the big farmer	plural	singular	singular	approve	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large doctors that the big lawyer confuses stimulate the ecstatic uncle	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the tiny lawyer stimulates inspire the huge athlete	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little doctors that the young lawyer understands admire the large kid	plural	singular	singular	understand	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big doctors that the tiny man admires remember the ecstatic farmer	plural	singular	singular	admire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The small doctors that the sad man discourages know the joyful mother	plural	singular	singular	discourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that the tiny mother engages criticize the joyful singer	plural	singular	singular	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the tiny poet avoids approve the miserable teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young doctors that the ecstatic poet observes criticize the big man	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that the large poet understands avoid the miserable mother	plural	singular	singular	understand	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large doctors that the little singer approves observe the tiny mother	plural	singular	singular	approve	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that the ecstatic singer avoids confuse the small mother	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that the small singer avoids engage the large carpenter	plural	singular	singular	avoid	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that the ecstatic teacher criticizes admire the small lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that the small teacher observes greet the young mother	plural	singular	singular	observe	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big doctors that the little uncle criticizes approve the tiny aunt	plural	singular	singular	criticize	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that the sad uncle remembers confuse the ecstatic singer	plural	singular	singular	remember	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that the large victim avoids know the little aunt	plural	singular	singular	avoid	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little doctors that the young victim confuses stimulate the big mother	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little doctors that the joyful victim stimulates confuse the happy teacher	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that the ecstatic woman admires criticize the young mother	plural	singular	singular	admire	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big doctors that the large woman approves admire the sad mother	plural	singular	singular	approve	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that the little woman avoids greet the huge teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big doctors that the happy woman confuses admire the ecstatic guy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that the small woman confuses understand the huge singer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	understands
objrel_that_adj	The small doctors that the tiny woman greets remember the little aunt	plural	singular	singular	greet	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the sad woman stimulates confuse the joyful kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that the joyful aunt avoids observe the old doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoid	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that the young aunt encourages greet the big woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the tiny aunt greets criticize the young boy	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big farmers that the young aunt observes inspire the small mother	plural	singular	singular	observe	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that the small boy avoids stimulate the old singer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large farmers that the old carpenter knows understand the miserable kid	plural	singular	singular	know	understands
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that the sad doctor discourages observe the happy mother	plural	singular	singular	discourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small farmers that the joyful doctor encourages inspire the tiny uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that the ecstatic doctor greets confuse the big lawyer	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The old farmers that the young doctor remembers criticize the ecstatic teacher	plural	singular	singular	remember	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large farmers that the little doctor understands encourage the happy kid	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big farmers that the little father greets approve the sad doctor	plural	singular	singular	greet	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that the large father remembers admire the young uncle	plural	singular	singular	remember	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old farmers that the little friend avoids criticize the big aunt	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old farmers that the big friend confuses know the sad father	plural	singular	singular	confuse	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that the young friend engages inspire the large boy	plural	singular	singular	engage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that the young girl greets observe the large man	plural	singular	singular	greet	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that the big girl inspires approve the sad poet	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that the joyful girl inspires discourage the sad father	plural	singular	singular	inspire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old farmers that the happy guy avoids observe the large carpenter	plural	singular	singular	avoid	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old farmers that the large kid greets engage the big woman	plural	singular	singular	greet	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big farmers that the old lawyer confuses know the large singer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old farmers that the little man approves know the happy kid	plural	singular	singular	approve	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that the big man greets confuse the small boy	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small farmers that the old man observes encourage the ecstatic kid	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the large mother avoids discourage the happy uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoid	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that the little mother inspires engage the large uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspire	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young farmers that the happy mother stimulates criticize the joyful lawyer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old farmers that the huge singer understands criticize the tiny doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young farmers that the sad teacher inspires encourage the happy lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the sad teacher remembers understand the huge friend	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the happy uncle confuses avoid the big kid	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old farmers that the ecstatic uncle criticizes admire the sad man	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that the young uncle criticizes avoid the ecstatic guy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old farmers that the happy uncle engages criticize the ecstatic boy	plural	singular	singular	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small farmers that the miserable victim observes engage the large man	plural	singular	singular	observe	engages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that the little victim stimulates approve the old uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the old woman avoids know the big mother	plural	singular	singular	avoid	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big farmers that the ecstatic woman inspires remember the huge father	plural	singular	singular	inspire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little fathers that the ecstatic athlete approves admire the huge kid	plural	singular	singular	approve	admires
objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that the ecstatic athlete avoids remember the joyful friend	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the ecstatic athlete greets inspire the big mother	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young fathers that the huge athlete knows discourage the happy carpenter	plural	singular	singular	know	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small fathers that the miserable athlete knows inspire the happy aunt	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old fathers that the tiny athlete knows observe the small boy	plural	singular	singular	know	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small fathers that the old athlete observes inspire the happy man	plural	singular	singular	observe	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large fathers that the big boy encourages discourage the ecstatic woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large fathers that the sad carpenter discourages observe the joyful girl	plural	singular	singular	discourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that the happy carpenter encourages inspire the small boy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young fathers that the ecstatic carpenter encourages know the large kid	plural	singular	singular	encourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the ecstatic carpenter greets observe the happy friend	plural	singular	singular	greet	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the joyful carpenter understands engage the little farmer	plural	singular	singular	understand	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little fathers that the joyful doctor approves observe the old girl	plural	singular	singular	approve	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the joyful farmer confuses criticize the young doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that the big farmer greets observe the ecstatic man	plural	singular	singular	greet	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the young farmer knows admire the tiny friend	plural	singular	singular	know	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the huge friend admires inspire the ecstatic teacher	plural	singular	singular	admire	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the tiny friend avoids greet the miserable boy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the big friend stimulates remember the little man	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young fathers that the joyful girl discourages remember the tiny poet	plural	singular	singular	discourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the joyful girl knows confuse the large friend	plural	singular	singular	know	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that the large guy admires criticize the little lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admire	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the big guy confuses greet the sad victim	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the young guy knows engage the little boy	plural	singular	singular	know	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the little guy stimulates approve the joyful athlete	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the little guy stimulates criticize the young friend	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that the young kid approves avoid the big victim	plural	singular	singular	approve	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old fathers that the big kid observes confuse the little lawyer	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the large lawyer criticizes admire the small doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that the ecstatic lawyer greets engage the miserable athlete	plural	singular	singular	greet	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the joyful man confuses understand the tiny doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuse	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the large mother criticizes remember the small boy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that the joyful mother discourages greet the ecstatic farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that the large mother understands know the miserable poet	plural	singular	singular	understand	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the large poet inspires avoid the tiny singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the large singer approves admire the tiny doctor	plural	singular	singular	approve	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little fathers that the sad singer approves greet the ecstatic boy	plural	singular	singular	approve	greets
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the big singer confuses criticize the young teacher	plural	singular	singular	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that the young singer knows stimulate the miserable poet	plural	singular	singular	know	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the miserable singer observes admire the happy aunt	plural	singular	singular	observe	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large fathers that the miserable singer understands greet the sad girl	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the young teacher greets confuse the miserable aunt	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that the miserable uncle admires observe the small girl	plural	singular	singular	admire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young fathers that the small uncle encourages stimulate the sad mother	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the happy victim encourages approve the little uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the happy victim greets criticize the little uncle	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the miserable victim inspires observe the joyful girl	plural	singular	singular	inspire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the old woman engages remember the sad friend	plural	singular	singular	engage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the young woman remembers understand the old girl	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the sad athlete confuses observe the joyful man	plural	singular	singular	confuse	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the ecstatic athlete knows avoid the little teacher	plural	singular	singular	know	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little friends that the old aunt understands criticize the huge boy	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge friends that the big aunt understands remember the young woman	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the miserable boy greets confuse the large doctor	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge friends that the little boy stimulates confuse the joyful farmer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the huge carpenter approves admire the big aunt	plural	singular	singular	approve	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the young doctor confuses understand the little kid	plural	singular	singular	confuse	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the large doctor encourages observe the old mother	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that the sad doctor knows understand the large woman	plural	singular	singular	know	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that the little doctor understands confuse the tiny uncle	plural	singular	singular	understand	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the little farmer avoids approve the young father	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the small farmer confuses criticize the huge carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge friends that the tiny farmer observes criticize the young poet	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little friends that the old girl avoids inspire the small boy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young friends that the happy girl inspires confuse the small teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The little friends that the huge guy discourages approve the happy kid	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the ecstatic kid admires engage the joyful victim	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that the ecstatic kid greets stimulate the sad man	plural	singular	singular	greet	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the joyful kid inspires greet the huge woman	plural	singular	singular	inspire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that the tiny kid remembers approve the little boy	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that the sad kid remembers understand the happy woman	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel_that_adj	The little friends that the young lawyer greets criticize the sad singer	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the young lawyer observes greet the little man	plural	singular	singular	observe	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the sad lawyer remembers admire the miserable mother	plural	singular	singular	remember	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge friends that the young man avoids remember the tiny teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the huge man avoids understand the little lawyer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the little man criticizes admire the large doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the miserable man criticizes greet the ecstatic singer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young friends that the sad mother criticizes stimulate the large boy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the tiny poet discourages inspire the happy boy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small friends that the little poet knows greet the joyful boy	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that the sad singer understands inspire the young guy	plural	singular	singular	understand	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that the young singer understands stimulate the little father	plural	singular	singular	understand	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the happy teacher avoids stimulate the little girl	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the ecstatic teacher criticizes approve the young father	plural	singular	singular	criticize	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the joyful teacher criticizes avoid the young poet	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that the small uncle criticizes admire the happy teacher	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the sad uncle engages criticize the little girl	plural	singular	singular	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the miserable uncle inspires approve the little singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the young victim engages remember the ecstatic boy	plural	singular	singular	engage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the small victim observes remember the young man	plural	singular	singular	observe	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that the old victim remembers understand the huge mother	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the tiny woman engages greet the little man	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that the large athlete avoids know the small victim	plural	singular	singular	avoid	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little girls that the tiny athlete greets understand the old kid	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large girls that the tiny aunt avoids understand the sad mother	plural	singular	singular	avoid	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the large aunt greets know the big kid	plural	singular	singular	greet	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big girls that the old aunt knows encourage the joyful mother	plural	singular	singular	know	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young girls that the small boy admires criticize the little friend	plural	singular	singular	admire	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that the huge boy confuses encourage the tiny singer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the big carpenter encourages engage the tiny teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large girls that the huge doctor inspires approve the small uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little girls that the big doctor observes criticize the joyful teacher	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the miserable farmer discourages approve the tiny lawyer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the ecstatic farmer greets know the old man	plural	singular	singular	greet	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that the huge farmer understands criticize the happy singer	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the large friend engages understand the old aunt	plural	singular	singular	engage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big girls that the sad guy approves remember the huge aunt	plural	singular	singular	approve	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that the little guy greets avoid the ecstatic boy	plural	singular	singular	greet	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The huge girls that the big guy inspires remember the old father	plural	singular	singular	inspire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The huge girls that the small kid remembers stimulate the old man	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that the old kid stimulates engage the small doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the huge kid understands avoid the large aunt	plural	singular	singular	understand	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big girls that the small lawyer admires confuse the sad father	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that the huge lawyer observes criticize the ecstatic teacher	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the ecstatic man admires avoid the young woman	plural	singular	singular	admire	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The huge girls that the tiny man confuses greet the large victim	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the small man greets discourage the joyful singer	plural	singular	singular	greet	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little girls that the joyful mother confuses greet the small athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that the little mother confuses understand the small father	plural	singular	singular	confuse	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the old mother stimulates engage the big poet	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the sad poet admires remember the ecstatic boy	plural	singular	singular	admire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The big girls that the little poet criticizes encourage the tiny friend	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large girls that the little poet greets confuse the happy doctor	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the old poet knows engage the joyful lawyer	plural	singular	singular	know	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that the old poet stimulates remember the small uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the sad singer encourages approve the huge friend	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the miserable singer encourages inspire the young uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the small teacher approves engage the young friend	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big girls that the ecstatic teacher encourages criticize the small athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the old teacher inspires approve the large kid	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the old teacher inspires confuse the ecstatic mother	plural	singular	singular	inspire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the miserable uncle discourages encourage the big man	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The old girls that the sad uncle understands greet the happy mother	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the young victim admires confuse the large poet	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The little girls that the old victim inspires observe the joyful carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the tiny victim remembers approve the big lawyer	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young girls that the joyful woman engages remember the sad teacher	plural	singular	singular	engage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that the old woman greets know the large teacher	plural	singular	singular	greet	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large girls that the ecstatic woman inspires approve the young mother	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the tiny woman knows criticize the ecstatic aunt	plural	singular	singular	know	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that the small woman remembers observe the young poet	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the huge woman remembers stimulate the miserable boy	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that the big athlete engages admire the miserable woman	plural	singular	singular	engage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old guys that the huge athlete inspires remember the large aunt	plural	singular	singular	inspire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old guys that the huge athlete understands confuse the large friend	plural	singular	singular	understand	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The young guys that the happy athlete understands remember the ecstatic woman	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the huge aunt approves observe the young woman	plural	singular	singular	approve	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that the small aunt avoids confuse the miserable girl	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that the huge aunt avoids criticize the miserable boy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the old aunt confuses greet the joyful carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big guys that the little aunt remembers encourage the joyful boy	plural	singular	singular	remember	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the miserable boy engages encourage the happy friend	plural	singular	singular	engage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the sad boy remembers know the little victim	plural	singular	singular	remember	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the ecstatic carpenter approves criticize the small singer	plural	singular	singular	approve	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the happy carpenter understands criticize the joyful friend	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that the small doctor approves admire the big poet	plural	singular	singular	approve	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the sad doctor avoids confuse the young athlete	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that the sad doctor avoids engage the huge boy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old guys that the huge doctor confuses avoid the small lawyer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that the old doctor inspires know the huge kid	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that the sad doctor observes discourage the miserable woman	plural	singular	singular	observe	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that the young farmer confuses criticize the large lawyer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the big farmer observes discourage the sad father	plural	singular	singular	observe	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the sad friend engages encourage the huge farmer	plural	singular	singular	engage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the joyful friend inspires discourage the miserable farmer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old guys that the large friend knows understand the happy farmer	plural	singular	singular	know	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big guys that the joyful friend observes approve the little woman	plural	singular	singular	observe	approves
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the little friend stimulates greet the ecstatic kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young guys that the happy friend stimulates understand the miserable father	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the young friend understands engage the joyful mother	plural	singular	singular	understand	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the big girl admires greet the small uncle	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the big kid discourages avoid the happy doctor	plural	singular	singular	discourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that the happy kid encourages engage the sad woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the young kid stimulates encourage the tiny athlete	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that the little lawyer criticizes confuse the huge athlete	plural	singular	singular	criticize	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that the miserable lawyer engages know the young teacher	plural	singular	singular	engage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the sad man greets observe the ecstatic poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the old man understands avoid the ecstatic father	plural	singular	singular	understand	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young guys that the huge mother observes avoid the happy friend	plural	singular	singular	observe	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that the little poet greets admire the small aunt	plural	singular	singular	greet	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the little singer approves discourage the miserable man	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the little singer avoids know the sad carpenter	plural	singular	singular	avoid	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the old teacher inspires discourage the happy singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the miserable teacher observes stimulate the sad girl	plural	singular	singular	observe	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that the sad victim discourages know the joyful kid	plural	singular	singular	discourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young guys that the small victim discourages understand the sad mother	plural	singular	singular	discourage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that the joyful victim inspires observe the small singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the joyful woman criticizes admire the small athlete	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the young athlete greets encourage the miserable uncle	plural	singular	singular	greet	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the little aunt approves understand the ecstatic girl	plural	singular	singular	approve	understands
objrel_that_adj	The small kids that the little aunt remembers approve the sad mother	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small kids that the big boy criticizes discourage the ecstatic uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticize	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that the large boy observes inspire the young mother	plural	singular	singular	observe	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small kids that the huge boy understands inspire the miserable doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the ecstatic carpenter admires remember the joyful guy	plural	singular	singular	admire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The big kids that the small carpenter avoids approve the miserable victim	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small kids that the old carpenter avoids remember the happy farmer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad kids that the tiny carpenter knows stimulate the large boy	plural	singular	singular	know	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the sad doctor confuses understand the miserable mother	plural	singular	singular	confuse	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big kids that the little doctor criticizes remember the ecstatic girl	plural	singular	singular	criticize	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that the sad doctor inspires observe the happy carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the old doctor understands stimulate the ecstatic uncle	plural	singular	singular	understand	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large kids that the small farmer discourages encourage the joyful girl	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that the happy farmer discourages observe the sad singer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the ecstatic farmer inspires avoid the sad victim	plural	singular	singular	inspire	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that the ecstatic farmer observes know the miserable guy	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big kids that the ecstatic father confuses know the huge farmer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small kids that the little father encourages discourage the old boy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that the little father knows confuse the young singer	plural	singular	singular	know	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy kids that the young father remembers criticize the huge victim	plural	singular	singular	remember	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that the miserable friend confuses stimulate the tiny man	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large kids that the small friend knows approve the miserable teacher	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the large friend observes confuse the happy boy	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The old kids that the huge friend remembers criticize the miserable boy	plural	singular	singular	remember	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that the young girl avoids criticize the small teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that the old girl discourages inspire the large friend	plural	singular	singular	discourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy kids that the little girl inspires greet the large aunt	plural	singular	singular	inspire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy kids that the big girl knows inspire the tiny victim	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that the big girl observes admire the tiny poet	plural	singular	singular	observe	admires
objrel_that_adj	The small kids that the big girl stimulates greet the huge uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big kids that the little girl stimulates inspire the ecstatic victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small kids that the tiny girl understands observe the miserable man	plural	singular	singular	understand	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that the miserable guy avoids remember the small girl	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the little guy engages understand the small teacher	plural	singular	singular	engage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the ecstatic lawyer encourages greet the small girl	plural	singular	singular	encourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The old kids that the ecstatic lawyer knows remember the miserable boy	plural	singular	singular	know	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old kids that the joyful lawyer observes greet the young man	plural	singular	singular	observe	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the tiny man avoids approve the small friend	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big kids that the small man greets encourage the happy father	plural	singular	singular	greet	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The small kids that the joyful man understands stimulate the miserable lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understand	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that the ecstatic mother encourages understand the big man	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old kids that the joyful mother inspires know the ecstatic girl	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small kids that the little poet avoids stimulate the happy carpenter	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the miserable poet engages avoid the joyful friend	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old kids that the young poet remembers encourage the miserable boy	plural	singular	singular	remember	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The small kids that the happy poet understands avoid the huge boy	plural	singular	singular	understand	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young kids that the small singer confuses discourage the huge guy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young kids that the joyful singer understands encourage the big girl	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that the big teacher criticizes understand the large girl	plural	singular	singular	criticize	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the large teacher understands confuse the small mother	plural	singular	singular	understand	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy kids that the tiny uncle engages admire the large poet	plural	singular	singular	engage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the joyful victim criticizes encourage the ecstatic uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large kids that the small victim inspires remember the ecstatic mother	plural	singular	singular	inspire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old kids that the huge woman admires greet the large poet	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The small kids that the large woman criticizes engage the little father	plural	singular	singular	criticize	engages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that the happy woman discourages observe the sad lawyer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the small woman encourages inspire the large doctor	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The sad kids that the happy woman engages approve the small doctor	plural	singular	singular	engage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that the small athlete admires stimulate the large uncle	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the old athlete avoids criticize the young man	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that the tiny athlete avoids discourage the joyful friend	plural	singular	singular	avoid	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the tiny athlete avoids know the miserable man	plural	singular	singular	avoid	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the big athlete inspires approve the small mother	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that the miserable athlete inspires stimulate the big mother	plural	singular	singular	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that the small aunt approves confuse the joyful girl	plural	singular	singular	approve	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that the big aunt confuses admire the young victim	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that the big aunt remembers discourage the large friend	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that the miserable boy criticizes know the young father	plural	singular	singular	criticize	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the miserable carpenter criticizes remember the joyful friend	plural	singular	singular	criticize	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that the big doctor encourages remember the huge father	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that the large farmer criticizes encourage the big father	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the joyful farmer discourages inspire the small friend	plural	singular	singular	discourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the old father confuses stimulate the huge farmer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that the tiny father criticizes discourage the large teacher	plural	singular	singular	criticize	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that the little friend admires confuse the young victim	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the happy friend inspires approve the ecstatic boy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that the ecstatic girl avoids criticize the miserable kid	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the large girl discourages understand the big friend	plural	singular	singular	discourage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that the little girl engages remember the big poet	plural	singular	singular	engage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that the large guy discourages remember the happy victim	plural	singular	singular	discourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that the huge guy observes confuse the tiny kid	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the sad guy understands inspire the small woman	plural	singular	singular	understand	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that the ecstatic kid approves confuse the happy aunt	plural	singular	singular	approve	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that the miserable kid engages avoid the small woman	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the miserable man encourages admire the ecstatic carpenter	plural	singular	singular	encourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that the tiny poet admires encourage the small father	plural	singular	singular	admire	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that the old poet remembers confuse the happy victim	plural	singular	singular	remember	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that the young teacher criticizes observe the ecstatic athlete	plural	singular	singular	criticize	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that the small uncle approves know the joyful father	plural	singular	singular	approve	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that the young uncle encourages understand the large father	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that the big uncle engages know the large doctor	plural	singular	singular	engage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that the old uncle engages understand the ecstatic friend	plural	singular	singular	engage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the large uncle observes criticize the old carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that the small uncle remembers approve the young poet	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that the large woman discourages understand the big kid	plural	singular	singular	discourage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that the sad woman engages encourage the big poet	plural	singular	singular	engage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that the tiny woman engages stimulate the young friend	plural	singular	singular	engage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that the large woman greets understand the little victim	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the miserable athlete greets remember the old boy	plural	singular	singular	greet	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the large athlete knows discourage the small victim	plural	singular	singular	know	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful men that the big aunt greets admire the young poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the joyful aunt observes criticize the big woman	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that the joyful boy approves avoid the sad guy	plural	singular	singular	approve	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big men that the miserable boy inspires greet the little kid	plural	singular	singular	inspire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful men that the small boy knows engage the big doctor	plural	singular	singular	know	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad men that the happy carpenter encourages observe the small guy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small men that the joyful doctor encourages know the big singer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge men that the happy doctor inspires criticize the large farmer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small men that the sad doctor inspires observe the miserable athlete	plural	singular	singular	inspire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the miserable doctor observes inspire the joyful victim	plural	singular	singular	observe	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that the little doctor stimulates avoid the tiny teacher	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the young farmer criticizes encourage the tiny poet	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the huge farmer criticizes understand the small father	plural	singular	singular	criticize	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad men that the young farmer discourages avoid the large mother	plural	singular	singular	discourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small men that the joyful farmer observes encourage the miserable lawyer	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful men that the huge farmer understands criticize the young carpenter	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the sad father approves greet the little girl	plural	singular	singular	approve	greets
objrel_that_adj	The small men that the little father inspires greet the young farmer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big men that the joyful father remembers approve the little singer	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the old friend approves confuse the large guy	plural	singular	singular	approve	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad men that the joyful friend approves engage the old athlete	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel_that_adj	The small men that the tiny friend discourages approve the ecstatic doctor	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the joyful girl confuses engage the huge lawyer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little men that the miserable girl encourages observe the old uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the big guy confuses discourage the happy victim	plural	singular	singular	confuse	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small men that the tiny guy knows criticize the sad victim	plural	singular	singular	know	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the tiny kid avoids approve the huge boy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little men that the ecstatic kid avoids discourage the joyful victim	plural	singular	singular	avoid	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little men that the tiny kid avoids understand the small uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoid	understands
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that the sad kid encourages avoid the big uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny men that the joyful lawyer admires observe the ecstatic friend	plural	singular	singular	admire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny men that the little lawyer inspires approve the big guy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that the young mother encourages engage the joyful aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge men that the old mother observes stimulate the little doctor	plural	singular	singular	observe	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little men that the big mother stimulates confuse the ecstatic friend	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny men that the miserable mother understands admire the young lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understand	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge men that the small poet admires inspire the happy teacher	plural	singular	singular	admire	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny men that the big poet approves greet the small girl	plural	singular	singular	approve	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big men that the miserable poet confuses avoid the large doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that the joyful singer approves observe the small father	plural	singular	singular	approve	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large men that the happy singer criticizes discourage the ecstatic poet	plural	singular	singular	criticize	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the ecstatic singer encourages remember the miserable poet	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the happy singer encourages stimulate the old farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little men that the old singer inspires discourage the sad athlete	plural	singular	singular	inspire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the huge singer knows inspire the little mother	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that the huge singer remembers greet the large carpenter	plural	singular	singular	remember	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big men that the ecstatic teacher approves inspire the happy singer	plural	singular	singular	approve	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the small teacher criticizes admire the ecstatic friend	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large men that the ecstatic uncle engages understand the little teacher	plural	singular	singular	engage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny men that the old victim confuses encourage the happy friend	plural	singular	singular	confuse	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large men that the big victim discourages greet the old uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the tiny victim encourages approve the little carpenter	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that the miserable victim encourages avoid the big athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small men that the big victim greets inspire the sad carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the joyful victim greets inspire the old girl	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little men that the miserable woman admires criticize the old athlete	plural	singular	singular	admire	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big men that the small woman avoids inspire the little teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the ecstatic athlete encourages discourage the happy friend	plural	singular	singular	encourage	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the sad athlete greets approve the large carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greet	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the large athlete inspires know the small teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the old athlete remembers approve the ecstatic friend	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the ecstatic aunt criticizes stimulate the tiny uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the joyful aunt discourages encourage the happy friend	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the old aunt knows discourage the ecstatic kid	plural	singular	singular	know	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the sad boy encourages remember the tiny singer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the miserable boy knows engage the huge lawyer	plural	singular	singular	know	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the young carpenter discourages understand the old uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that the large carpenter knows greet the ecstatic singer	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the small carpenter stimulates admire the young singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the young doctor knows greet the ecstatic victim	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the small doctor observes encourage the ecstatic farmer	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the old farmer approves confuse the happy kid	plural	singular	singular	approve	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the happy farmer approves observe the little victim	plural	singular	singular	approve	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the old farmer encourages stimulate the little man	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the large farmer inspires observe the big doctor	plural	singular	singular	inspire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the little farmer observes avoid the huge woman	plural	singular	singular	observe	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that the ecstatic father encourages inspire the joyful athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the young father remembers greet the sad athlete	plural	singular	singular	remember	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that the big friend avoids criticize the old man	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that the young friend confuses greet the small teacher	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the miserable girl avoids stimulate the ecstatic guy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the huge girl remembers discourage the ecstatic farmer	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the miserable guy admires engage the sad doctor	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that the huge guy stimulates avoid the little singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the young kid avoids discourage the happy doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoid	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the sad kid avoids stimulate the little doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the miserable kid confuses avoid the happy girl	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the little kid inspires understand the big guy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the tiny lawyer approves admire the large woman	plural	singular	singular	approve	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the huge lawyer avoids criticize the tiny friend	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the big lawyer encourages inspire the young singer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that the large lawyer greets stimulate the joyful farmer	plural	singular	singular	greet	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that the tiny lawyer knows confuse the young father	plural	singular	singular	know	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the little lawyer understands inspire the miserable boy	plural	singular	singular	understand	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that the young man approves inspire the small athlete	plural	singular	singular	approve	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that the ecstatic man confuses greet the sad guy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that the little poet stimulates confuse the young lawyer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the sad singer discourages encourage the small kid	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the happy singer stimulates criticize the small kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the little singer understands inspire the big victim	plural	singular	singular	understand	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the huge teacher inspires avoid the joyful lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the happy teacher inspires remember the little woman	plural	singular	singular	inspire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little mothers that the old victim admires observe the tiny teacher	plural	singular	singular	admire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the big victim engages confuse the large father	plural	singular	singular	engage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that the old victim remembers understand the sad teacher	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that the joyful woman admires discourage the old victim	plural	singular	singular	admire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the young woman engages confuse the miserable girl	plural	singular	singular	engage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The old poets that the joyful athlete avoids understand the young woman	plural	singular	singular	avoid	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad poets that the joyful aunt greets approve the ecstatic doctor	plural	singular	singular	greet	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that the tiny aunt inspires understand the ecstatic guy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that the ecstatic aunt observes approve the old girl	plural	singular	singular	observe	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that the young boy approves confuse the little mother	plural	singular	singular	approve	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the sad boy discourages approve the young guy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that the old boy inspires observe the small father	plural	singular	singular	inspire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The little poets that the large boy knows engage the joyful kid	plural	singular	singular	know	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little poets that the big boy knows inspire the ecstatic teacher	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that the little boy observes understand the big woman	plural	singular	singular	observe	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that the sad boy understands remember the large woman	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the small carpenter approves observe the huge singer	plural	singular	singular	approve	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad poets that the young doctor remembers approve the old guy	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad poets that the old farmer approves know the happy singer	plural	singular	singular	approve	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the small farmer discourages encourage the sad aunt	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the old farmer knows approve the young aunt	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that the small farmer remembers understand the ecstatic man	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that the miserable father criticizes stimulate the sad doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big poets that the huge father engages confuse the large boy	plural	singular	singular	engage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the huge father inspires greet the ecstatic carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the young friend greets avoid the huge kid	plural	singular	singular	greet	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The huge poets that the happy friend remembers stimulate the miserable athlete	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the big girl greets inspire the miserable doctor	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that the huge guy encourages observe the little aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that the sad guy knows criticize the tiny doctor	plural	singular	singular	know	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the little kid engages criticize the huge friend	plural	singular	singular	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the young kid inspires discourage the large guy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge poets that the ecstatic man avoids stimulate the tiny doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big poets that the small man engages criticize the young guy	plural	singular	singular	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that the huge man knows discourage the big carpenter	plural	singular	singular	know	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge poets that the old singer engages avoid the happy aunt	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad poets that the joyful singer engages avoid the ecstatic doctor	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the ecstatic singer inspires avoid the small farmer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the little singer observes know the ecstatic girl	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the sad singer stimulates discourage the young friend	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old poets that the large teacher observes encourage the ecstatic woman	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big poets that the miserable victim discourages criticize the small guy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the miserable woman encourages engage the huge uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge poets that the joyful woman remembers admire the young aunt	plural	singular	singular	remember	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge poets that the small woman understands approve the joyful boy	plural	singular	singular	understand	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that the little athlete admires know the small man	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little singers that the huge athlete remembers inspire the sad girl	plural	singular	singular	remember	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little singers that the happy aunt avoids know the sad doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoid	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the old aunt engages greet the young teacher	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the old aunt knows avoid the young victim	plural	singular	singular	know	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that the little carpenter discourages observe the young lawyer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that the sad carpenter knows approve the small victim	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that the ecstatic carpenter knows discourage the miserable athlete	plural	singular	singular	know	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad singers that the big doctor inspires remember the huge teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that the big farmer criticizes understand the small lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	understands
objrel_that_adj	The little singers that the huge farmer engages understand the big girl	plural	singular	singular	engage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the ecstatic farmer understands inspire the little athlete	plural	singular	singular	understand	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small singers that the big father remembers engage the ecstatic mother	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young singers that the sad father understands inspire the tiny aunt	plural	singular	singular	understand	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that the little father understands observe the ecstatic mother	plural	singular	singular	understand	observes
objrel_that_adj	The little singers that the happy friend admires understand the young farmer	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the ecstatic friend discourages inspire the joyful man	plural	singular	singular	discourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The huge singers that the sad friend greets criticize the happy poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big singers that the small friend stimulates know the little guy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the miserable girl criticizes understand the sad carpenter	plural	singular	singular	criticize	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that the large girl inspires avoid the small farmer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The huge singers that the big guy confuses avoid the little woman	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old singers that the miserable guy greets discourage the little boy	plural	singular	singular	greet	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that the tiny kid confuses know the old carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuse	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the happy kid criticizes admire the little aunt	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that the huge kid encourages engage the ecstatic athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young singers that the tiny lawyer admires inspire the large doctor	plural	singular	singular	admire	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the small lawyer avoids admire the miserable boy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big singers that the sad lawyer confuses engage the tiny aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuse	engages
objrel_that_adj	The small singers that the little lawyer encourages inspire the old athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big singers that the happy lawyer remembers discourage the little farmer	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that the sad man admires greet the tiny woman	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the sad man encourages stimulate the little athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy singers that the young man observes remember the tiny doctor	plural	singular	singular	observe	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy singers that the old mother criticizes know the small friend	plural	singular	singular	criticize	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the large mother discourages avoid the happy poet	plural	singular	singular	discourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the happy mother stimulates remember the miserable woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the small poet greets confuse the old doctor	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad singers that the tiny poet inspires encourage the ecstatic kid	plural	singular	singular	inspire	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the little teacher approves discourage the sad girl	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that the large teacher greets inspire the small kid	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that the sad teacher knows understand the little woman	plural	singular	singular	know	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the miserable teacher understands stimulate the young guy	plural	singular	singular	understand	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the happy uncle engages discourage the little poet	plural	singular	singular	engage	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad singers that the ecstatic uncle stimulates greet the huge guy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big singers that the sad victim discourages observe the little girl	plural	singular	singular	discourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy singers that the big woman avoids inspire the joyful mother	plural	singular	singular	avoid	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young singers that the tiny woman engages criticize the small doctor	plural	singular	singular	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that the ecstatic woman greets discourage the old poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy singers that the large woman knows inspire the old poet	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The sad singers that the large woman observes remember the big man	plural	singular	singular	observe	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that the little athlete criticizes stimulate the joyful victim	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the small aunt approves discourage the miserable lawyer	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that the large boy avoids understand the big woman	plural	singular	singular	avoid	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big teachers that the old boy greets discourage the little carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greet	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that the large boy observes engage the huge guy	plural	singular	singular	observe	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big teachers that the tiny boy observes stimulate the huge farmer	plural	singular	singular	observe	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the tiny boy understands avoid the huge athlete	plural	singular	singular	understand	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old teachers that the huge carpenter admires encourage the small athlete	plural	singular	singular	admire	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that the happy doctor criticizes know the miserable victim	plural	singular	singular	criticize	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old teachers that the happy doctor encourages engage the huge singer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that the joyful doctor inspires admire the large mother	plural	singular	singular	inspire	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the joyful farmer admires greet the young guy	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that the large farmer understands greet the young athlete	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that the miserable father greets criticize the ecstatic poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the old friend encourages criticize the joyful father	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that the big friend remembers observe the little poet	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large teachers that the joyful girl stimulates remember the sad friend	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the tiny guy stimulates admire the big uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that the small guy stimulates remember the miserable singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that the large lawyer avoids inspire the ecstatic friend	plural	singular	singular	avoid	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small teachers that the sad lawyer discourages avoid the young girl	plural	singular	singular	discourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that the old man encourages discourage the big girl	plural	singular	singular	encourage	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young teachers that the miserable man engages discourage the ecstatic woman	plural	singular	singular	engage	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that the tiny mother admires stimulate the joyful friend	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the joyful mother admires stimulate the young poet	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that the little mother inspires greet the happy guy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the young poet approves encourage the big kid	plural	singular	singular	approve	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the huge poet confuses inspire the large girl	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small teachers that the huge poet observes encourage the little singer	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big teachers that the tiny singer approves discourage the young boy	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that the little singer inspires approve the ecstatic uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that the ecstatic singer knows approve the old friend	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel_that_adj	The large teachers that the little uncle confuses approve the young victim	plural	singular	singular	confuse	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that the happy uncle confuses avoid the young farmer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that the sad victim avoids inspire the little uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoid	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that the ecstatic victim inspires remember the joyful carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large teachers that the little victim stimulates approve the ecstatic woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old teachers that the miserable woman approves greet the sad friend	plural	singular	singular	approve	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that the big athlete inspires criticize the ecstatic carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little uncles that the sad athlete observes approve the miserable singer	plural	singular	singular	observe	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that the ecstatic aunt criticizes avoid the little singer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that the miserable aunt understands encourage the huge girl	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the little boy admires inspire the ecstatic athlete	plural	singular	singular	admire	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the little boy confuses criticize the happy guy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the happy boy observes greet the miserable girl	plural	singular	singular	observe	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little uncles that the young carpenter avoids confuse the tiny girl	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the big doctor approves admire the miserable athlete	plural	singular	singular	approve	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that the big doctor criticizes observe the large singer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that the large doctor encourages understand the tiny father	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that the tiny doctor engages greet the sad friend	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large uncles that the sad doctor knows greet the young father	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the joyful doctor remembers observe the young kid	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that the tiny doctor understands greet the huge victim	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the little farmer approves encourage the large guy	plural	singular	singular	approve	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that the miserable farmer discourages admire the small victim	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that the joyful farmer engages inspire the huge victim	plural	singular	singular	engage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old uncles that the small farmer inspires know the happy mother	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the old farmer observes greet the big doctor	plural	singular	singular	observe	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the sad father encourages remember the small lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the little father inspires know the huge lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young uncles that the happy father knows approve the small victim	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the huge father observes confuse the old poet	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that the tiny friend admires confuse the large father	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that the old friend admires understand the young man	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the little friend approves confuse the big lawyer	plural	singular	singular	approve	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the young friend discourages encourage the ecstatic woman	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large uncles that the huge friend greets avoid the old boy	plural	singular	singular	greet	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that the tiny friend greets stimulate the large carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greet	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little uncles that the happy friend inspires know the small man	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the small girl approves observe the large kid	plural	singular	singular	approve	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old uncles that the huge girl remembers observe the large carpenter	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that the sad guy confuses observe the joyful boy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that the sad guy remembers criticize the big carpenter	plural	singular	singular	remember	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large uncles that the sad lawyer admires greet the happy aunt	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The small uncles that the big lawyer avoids criticize the tiny teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the ecstatic lawyer understands engage the old athlete	plural	singular	singular	understand	engages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the huge man stimulates remember the ecstatic woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that the happy mother engages discourage the small aunt	plural	singular	singular	engage	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the small mother inspires know the large lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that the joyful mother knows avoid the happy poet	plural	singular	singular	know	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small uncles that the old mother stimulates inspire the tiny doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the huge poet approves inspire the miserable father	plural	singular	singular	approve	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that the tiny poet confuses approve the miserable athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuse	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small uncles that the joyful poet remembers stimulate the miserable carpenter	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that the young singer remembers engage the old man	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young uncles that the huge victim criticizes engage the tiny boy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little uncles that the young victim encourages criticize the tiny woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that the old woman approves observe the ecstatic father	plural	singular	singular	approve	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the huge woman engages observe the happy singer	plural	singular	singular	engage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the little athlete admires greet the happy friend	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that the happy athlete confuses greet the miserable farmer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that the large aunt discourages criticize the huge boy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the happy aunt encourages approve the ecstatic guy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the big boy avoids understand the happy guy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the tiny boy discourages encourage the sad man	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the large carpenter engages stimulate the little aunt	plural	singular	singular	engage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the tiny doctor admires greet the small carpenter	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the small doctor approves engage the little teacher	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the large doctor avoids inspire the tiny woman	plural	singular	singular	avoid	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the miserable doctor encourages know the tiny singer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little victims that the small doctor remembers stimulate the miserable teacher	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that the young doctor remembers stimulate the miserable uncle	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that the large farmer criticizes observe the young woman	plural	singular	singular	criticize	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that the sad farmer engages discourage the little uncle	plural	singular	singular	engage	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small victims that the miserable farmer observes engage the young teacher	plural	singular	singular	observe	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that the huge farmer stimulates engage the tiny singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the young father approves inspire the small doctor	plural	singular	singular	approve	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that the huge father avoids understand the happy uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoid	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that the happy father encourages observe the old athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the young father remembers criticize the huge friend	plural	singular	singular	remember	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the happy father understands encourage the old girl	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the small friend encourages remember the ecstatic doctor	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that the joyful friend inspires avoid the old uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspire	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that the huge friend knows admire the happy farmer	plural	singular	singular	know	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the young friend knows avoid the ecstatic guy	plural	singular	singular	know	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little victims that the tiny friend stimulates criticize the ecstatic girl	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge victims that the little girl encourages stimulate the miserable mother	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that the happy girl greets observe the old poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that the young kid criticizes stimulate the miserable uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that the sad kid remembers understand the large father	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge victims that the miserable kid understands greet the old athlete	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the sad lawyer engages observe the old singer	plural	singular	singular	engage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the ecstatic lawyer observes know the miserable man	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the little lawyer understands approve the happy aunt	plural	singular	singular	understand	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small victims that the old man approves discourage the huge boy	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the small man avoids stimulate the tiny boy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the happy mother criticizes observe the ecstatic doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticize	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small victims that the miserable mother discourages approve the sad uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that the sad mother encourages understand the miserable kid	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad victims that the tiny mother engages stimulate the miserable boy	plural	singular	singular	engage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad victims that the happy mother remembers engage the huge uncle	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that the happy teacher confuses admire the sad father	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the huge teacher stimulates know the ecstatic poet	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the little teacher understands know the old mother	plural	singular	singular	understand	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the young uncle admires understand the huge singer	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the joyful uncle criticizes admire the happy mother	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the sad uncle knows inspire the joyful man	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The huge victims that the tiny uncle understands greet the joyful man	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the small woman stimulates inspire the huge girl	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young women that the tiny athlete admires inspire the large lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admire	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the large athlete admires know the little friend	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that the young athlete remembers observe the happy mother	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel_that_adj	The little women that the miserable aunt knows approve the old farmer	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the big aunt knows greet the young girl	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge women that the ecstatic aunt observes encourage the miserable girl	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the miserable aunt remembers avoid the small doctor	plural	singular	singular	remember	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the old aunt stimulates criticize the joyful uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big women that the happy boy avoids observe the little carpenter	plural	singular	singular	avoid	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the young boy discourages stimulate the large girl	plural	singular	singular	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful women that the tiny boy observes avoid the young poet	plural	singular	singular	observe	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The huge women that the joyful boy stimulates observe the little kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young women that the old carpenter criticizes know the happy father	plural	singular	singular	criticize	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the young carpenter discourages admire the joyful friend	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the young carpenter knows remember the old kid	plural	singular	singular	know	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the ecstatic carpenter remembers encourage the miserable father	plural	singular	singular	remember	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The little women that the ecstatic doctor knows admire the sad athlete	plural	singular	singular	know	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that the big doctor understands confuse the joyful man	plural	singular	singular	understand	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the miserable farmer avoids admire the young girl	plural	singular	singular	avoid	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that the huge farmer discourages admire the joyful aunt	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable women that the old farmer encourages understand the little boy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the small farmer engages avoid the large uncle	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young women that the joyful father approves admire the big farmer	plural	singular	singular	approve	admires
objrel_that_adj	The small women that the ecstatic father criticizes approve the young kid	plural	singular	singular	criticize	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge women that the old father observes avoid the young kid	plural	singular	singular	observe	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the happy father remembers know the joyful teacher	plural	singular	singular	remember	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the little friend confuses stimulate the small doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the sad girl avoids know the tiny teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge women that the old guy approves admire the joyful lawyer	plural	singular	singular	approve	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful women that the sad kid avoids remember the old boy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad women that the happy kid confuses inspire the tiny athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that the huge kid engages understand the happy carpenter	plural	singular	singular	engage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable women that the joyful lawyer admires confuse the happy aunt	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big women that the young lawyer admires inspire the large friend	plural	singular	singular	admire	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little women that the happy lawyer greets observe the large man	plural	singular	singular	greet	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the large lawyer inspires confuse the big man	plural	singular	singular	inspire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge women that the young lawyer stimulates discourage the happy kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the young man approves remember the big farmer	plural	singular	singular	approve	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the miserable man criticizes discourage the huge farmer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the tiny man criticizes discourage the small guy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the joyful man encourages confuse the small mother	plural	singular	singular	encourage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the miserable man engages greet the large girl	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little women that the large man understands admire the joyful father	plural	singular	singular	understand	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the happy mother admires inspire the small singer	plural	singular	singular	admire	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the young mother approves discourage the happy friend	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the large mother confuses discourage the small father	plural	singular	singular	confuse	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little women that the happy mother inspires know the ecstatic father	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad women that the miserable poet approves criticize the huge doctor	plural	singular	singular	approve	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge women that the sad poet approves engage the ecstatic singer	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel_that_adj	The small women that the miserable poet approves observe the huge kid	plural	singular	singular	approve	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young women that the happy poet engages remember the large farmer	plural	singular	singular	engage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The big women that the miserable poet greets stimulate the huge singer	plural	singular	singular	greet	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad women that the little poet knows approve the small aunt	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young women that the small poet stimulates engage the sad father	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that the little singer engages criticize the big doctor	plural	singular	singular	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the joyful teacher criticizes discourage the young uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticize	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young women that the joyful teacher knows engage the ecstatic father	plural	singular	singular	know	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the tiny teacher stimulates remember the miserable mother	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The huge women that the big uncle inspires stimulate the happy boy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big women that the happy uncle remembers encourage the small girl	plural	singular	singular	remember	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The small women that the large victim confuses admire the ecstatic lawyer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little women that the joyful victim confuses encourage the young boy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the little victim criticizes confuse the old guy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the old aunt criticizes engage the tiny victims	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that the tiny aunt discourages observe the miserable guys	plural	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the sad aunt encourages discourage the tiny farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that the ecstatic aunt remembers avoid the tiny teachers	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that the big boy confuses encourage the little uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The little athletes that the old boy discourages avoid the joyful poets	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that the big carpenter remembers know the old poets	plural	singular	plural	remember	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that the huge doctor criticizes stimulate the old poets	plural	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that the miserable doctor greets avoid the joyful women	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that the joyful farmer confuses greet the old girls	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the happy father approves stimulate the huge lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the sad father greets stimulate the young poets	plural	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the ecstatic father knows discourage the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	know	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that the big friend confuses observe the sad victims	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that the little friend encourages inspire the happy women	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big athletes that the young friend encourages remember the miserable teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that the large friend knows approve the young carpenters	plural	singular	plural	know	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the young girl knows criticize the sad aunts	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big athletes that the happy guy admires encourage the joyful farmers	plural	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that the happy guy knows engage the small girls	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big athletes that the young kid knows confuse the old uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the little lawyer greets observe the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	greet	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large athletes that the tiny man confuses engage the sad poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that the old man stimulates admire the little kids	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old athletes that the joyful mother approves remember the sad girls	plural	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The big athletes that the ecstatic mother encourages admire the huge lawyers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that the small mother engages greet the ecstatic men	plural	singular	plural	engage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little athletes that the tiny mother inspires understand the young teachers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the old poet admires confuse the ecstatic victims	plural	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that the small poet avoids encourage the huge aunts	plural	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large athletes that the old poet engages greet the sad singers	plural	singular	plural	engage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that the large singer approves remember the big mothers	plural	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young athletes that the little singer knows criticize the huge carpenters	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that the joyful teacher approves encourage the young friends	plural	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that the young teacher avoids inspire the miserable friends	plural	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large athletes that the huge teacher criticizes admire the miserable friends	plural	singular	plural	criticize	admires
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the miserable teacher remembers engage the large friends	plural	singular	plural	remember	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large athletes that the happy uncle greets encourage the huge victims	plural	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that the miserable uncle observes admire the tiny doctors	plural	singular	plural	observe	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that the sad uncle stimulates know the happy farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that the large victim avoids criticize the big kids	plural	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that the miserable victim confuses engage the little girls	plural	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large athletes that the huge victim discourages encourage the miserable women	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the sad victim understands observe the small boys	plural	singular	plural	understand	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that the old woman approves understand the big carpenters	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big athletes that the small woman remembers admire the sad farmers	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big aunts that the joyful athlete confuses encourage the huge poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large aunts that the miserable boy stimulates understand the big fathers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the little carpenter approves confuse the tiny mothers	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big aunts that the old carpenter approves know the little kids	plural	singular	plural	approve	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large aunts that the joyful doctor admires know the young farmers	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that the happy doctor discourages greet the tiny men	plural	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the large doctor encourages remember the young victims	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that the tiny doctor engages confuse the small teachers	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that the big doctor remembers observe the little fathers	plural	singular	plural	remember	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that the large farmer admires approve the ecstatic uncles	plural	singular	plural	admire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that the ecstatic farmer engages criticize the sad kids	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big aunts that the sad father discourages know the tiny women	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the little father knows stimulate the tiny teachers	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the happy friend knows remember the tiny teachers	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the big girl approves inspire the tiny kids	plural	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the joyful girl avoids observe the tiny victims	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the ecstatic girl greets remember the little boys	plural	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that the little girl inspires confuse the huge men	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that the joyful girl remembers avoid the ecstatic doctors	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big aunts that the tiny guy stimulates remember the old girls	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the sad guy understands stimulate the tiny doctors	plural	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big aunts that the old kid encourages avoid the large teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the ecstatic kid engages encourage the old athletes	plural	singular	plural	engage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the old kid observes criticize the young lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observe	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the large lawyer admires avoid the miserable carpenters	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the old lawyer confuses engage the big uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the large lawyer knows encourage the joyful farmers	plural	singular	plural	know	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the sad man encourages confuse the huge poets	plural	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large aunts that the young man knows observe the big athletes	plural	singular	plural	know	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the young mother admires greet the sad guys	plural	singular	plural	admire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the old mother confuses admire the large farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the sad mother confuses criticize the joyful friends	plural	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the old mother confuses observe the joyful fathers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the miserable mother observes understand the ecstatic kids	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the miserable poet admires encourage the ecstatic singers	plural	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the tiny poet admires greet the ecstatic teachers	plural	singular	plural	admire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the happy poet admires remember the tiny fathers	plural	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the ecstatic poet avoids know the small athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that the large poet avoids observe the happy doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the huge poet criticizes observe the large lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the sad poet discourages criticize the large girls	plural	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the small poet encourages avoid the young men	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the small poet encourages engage the sad singers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that the sad poet encourages greet the big uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that the tiny poet greets admire the huge doctors	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the big poet knows inspire the ecstatic guys	plural	singular	plural	know	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that the sad poet remembers inspire the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that the little poet stimulates discourage the small girls	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the tiny singer criticizes inspire the small boys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that the little singer knows avoid the ecstatic farmers	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the sad teacher avoids admire the tiny fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the big teacher avoids approve the huge poets	plural	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objrel_that_adj	The large aunts that the happy teacher criticizes observe the sad boys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that the young uncle inspires admire the little doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that the sad uncle knows confuse the miserable mothers	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big aunts that the ecstatic victim greets encourage the little athletes	plural	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large aunts that the big woman admires discourage the miserable poets	plural	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the large woman admires understand the little lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that the old woman engages admire the huge athletes	plural	singular	plural	engage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the tiny woman remembers stimulate the ecstatic athletes	plural	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large aunts that the miserable woman understands avoid the little fathers	plural	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the big aunt approves remember the little mothers	plural	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that the small carpenter knows encourage the huge friends	plural	singular	plural	know	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the young carpenter remembers criticize the ecstatic girls	plural	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that the little carpenter stimulates engage the young mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the huge doctor admires discourage the old aunts	plural	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small boys that the big doctor approves admire the ecstatic men	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy boys that the large farmer discourages understand the small poets	plural	singular	plural	discourage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that the young farmer understands greet the sad men	plural	singular	plural	understand	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the tiny father remembers greet the huge doctors	plural	singular	plural	remember	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young boys that the miserable girl engages criticize the old women	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that the miserable girl knows understand the young singers	plural	singular	plural	know	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that the happy girl observes know the joyful friends	plural	singular	plural	observe	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the young girl understands encourage the ecstatic women	plural	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the little girl understands remember the small athletes	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the huge guy admires confuse the joyful lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the sad guy admires encourage the huge poets	plural	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the joyful guy avoids approve the miserable girls	plural	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the little guy criticizes discourage the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the ecstatic kid greets stimulate the little athletes	plural	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that the little lawyer understands stimulate the happy girls	plural	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little boys that the small man confuses discourage the young poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little boys that the small man discourages know the joyful fathers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy boys that the big man discourages stimulate the small aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the ecstatic man greets discourage the tiny guys	plural	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the little mother criticizes discourage the ecstatic victims	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the joyful mother understands approve the tiny fathers	plural	singular	plural	understand	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small boys that the little poet encourages approve the tiny girls	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the joyful poet remembers know the happy girls	plural	singular	plural	remember	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that the joyful teacher discourages avoid the ecstatic lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the little teacher understands remember the young friends	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old boys that the joyful uncle admires observe the huge kids	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that the huge victim admires inspire the sad carpenters	plural	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that the little victim avoids know the old kids	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the old victim greets criticize the little men	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the ecstatic victim understands remember the tiny doctors	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The small boys that the sad woman criticizes know the old singers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that the young woman greets approve the small uncles	plural	singular	plural	greet	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy boys that the little woman greets discourage the miserable guys	plural	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young boys that the large woman inspires observe the small girls	plural	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the sad woman knows observe the little friends	plural	singular	plural	know	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy boys that the little woman observes admire the young teachers	plural	singular	plural	observe	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the miserable woman remembers encourage the joyful carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the happy woman remembers greet the old athletes	plural	singular	plural	remember	greets
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the huge athlete admires avoid the young farmers	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that the big athlete avoids engage the joyful women	plural	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that the young athlete observes engage the sad doctors	plural	singular	plural	observe	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that the old athlete observes remember the miserable boys	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the ecstatic athlete stimulates admire the tiny aunts	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that the joyful aunt discourages approve the huge poets	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that the joyful aunt engages confuse the sad friends	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that the ecstatic boy criticizes greet the small doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that the small boy criticizes observe the huge aunts	plural	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the big boy discourages confuse the ecstatic guys	plural	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the small boy inspires discourage the large fathers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the young boy knows approve the large aunts	plural	singular	plural	know	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that the large boy remembers avoid the ecstatic teachers	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that the ecstatic doctor avoids greet the little athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that the joyful doctor engages criticize the huge women	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the small doctor observes approve the big farmers	plural	singular	plural	observe	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that the ecstatic farmer confuses stimulate the happy victims	plural	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the little father approves encourage the old guys	plural	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that the joyful father confuses approve the small boys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that the miserable friend avoids know the young uncles	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the joyful friend criticizes approve the sad men	plural	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that the small girl discourages approve the little farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the big girl discourages inspire the miserable athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the tiny girl encourages understand the young athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that the large guy knows remember the small athletes	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that the old kid discourages remember the miserable women	plural	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the small kid engages confuse the tiny boys	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that the little kid knows avoid the miserable mothers	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that the ecstatic kid stimulates encourage the big farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the young lawyer encourages admire the old athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the old lawyer remembers observe the big fathers	plural	singular	plural	remember	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that the ecstatic man criticizes approve the joyful kids	plural	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that the old man discourages engage the joyful doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that the miserable mother avoids know the joyful guys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the tiny mother criticizes discourage the old singers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that the old mother knows criticize the happy lawyers	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that the small mother stimulates discourage the ecstatic singers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the miserable poet encourages admire the happy boys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that the huge poet observes engage the joyful girls	plural	singular	plural	observe	engages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that the big singer inspires observe the old uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the large singer understands observe the miserable lawyers	plural	singular	plural	understand	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that the miserable teacher admires observe the ecstatic friends	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that the big teacher confuses know the joyful fathers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that the small teacher greets admire the ecstatic fathers	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that the tiny teacher greets know the happy athletes	plural	singular	plural	greet	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that the ecstatic uncle knows remember the big victims	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the large victim discourages approve the old doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that the small victim remembers understand the happy guys	plural	singular	plural	remember	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that the joyful woman approves observe the huge kids	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the little woman engages confuse the joyful fathers	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that the tiny woman inspires stimulate the happy athletes	plural	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that the ecstatic woman knows discourage the joyful guys	plural	singular	plural	know	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young doctors that the sad athlete admires understand the miserable lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the sad athlete avoids understand the small women	plural	singular	plural	avoid	understands
objrel_that_adj	The little doctors that the ecstatic athlete greets criticize the happy fathers	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the joyful athlete understands avoid the ecstatic poets	plural	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that the joyful aunt approves criticize the huge boys	plural	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that the sad aunt inspires engage the small athletes	plural	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that the small aunt knows criticize the miserable singers	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small doctors that the sad aunt observes discourage the young kids	plural	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that the small boy admires know the tiny mothers	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that the small boy encourages approve the old guys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big doctors that the huge boy stimulates engage the large men	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objrel_that_adj	The small doctors that the young carpenter approves admire the little women	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that the ecstatic carpenter confuses inspire the old girls	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that the big carpenter inspires confuse the small friends	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that the large carpenter inspires discourage the sad singers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that the happy farmer confuses know the joyful aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small doctors that the huge farmer observes understand the tiny friends	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that the large friend admires engage the tiny teachers	plural	singular	plural	admire	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little doctors that the ecstatic friend greets approve the small kids	plural	singular	plural	greet	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that the miserable girl admires criticize the small men	plural	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small doctors that the young girl encourages greet the ecstatic guys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the big girl encourages know the sad boys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little doctors that the miserable girl understands engage the old men	plural	singular	plural	understand	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the small guy greets confuse the large girls	plural	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small doctors that the huge guy stimulates observe the miserable women	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that the large kid approves greet the little friends	plural	singular	plural	approve	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large doctors that the little kid encourages observe the tiny aunts	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that the big kid engages remember the sad girls	plural	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young doctors that the tiny kid greets know the ecstatic farmers	plural	singular	plural	greet	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that the happy kid knows stimulate the miserable teachers	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that the sad lawyer understands avoid the little mothers	plural	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large doctors that the joyful man observes admire the sad uncles	plural	singular	plural	observe	admires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that the young mother admires remember the little lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that the sad mother avoids greet the little victims	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large doctors that the miserable mother encourages stimulate the little uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large doctors that the little mother engages criticize the tiny men	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young doctors that the sad mother knows encourage the joyful uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that the young poet encourages inspire the joyful guys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that the large poet inspires confuse the old lawyers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that the little poet observes admire the ecstatic carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observe	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that the small poet stimulates inspire the big uncles	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the huge singer confuses know the young teachers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that the little singer discourages remember the joyful boys	plural	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that the huge singer remembers observe the tiny farmers	plural	singular	plural	remember	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that the large teacher discourages know the happy kids	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that the small teacher knows encourage the ecstatic carpenters	plural	singular	plural	know	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large doctors that the miserable uncle greets observe the huge women	plural	singular	plural	greet	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that the little uncle knows confuse the big kids	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the sad uncle understands avoid the large carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young doctors that the small victim avoids admire the big mothers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that the large victim encourages greet the little poets	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the huge woman admires confuse the happy poets	plural	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the happy woman engages confuse the tiny fathers	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that the big woman stimulates know the sad victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young farmers that the sad athlete avoids understand the old friends	plural	singular	plural	avoid	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that the joyful athlete encourages discourage the miserable guys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that the large athlete stimulates inspire the little fathers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big farmers that the small aunt avoids engage the young victims	plural	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big farmers that the joyful aunt discourages know the happy singers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little farmers that the miserable boy admires avoid the joyful singers	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that the young boy criticizes approve the small girls	plural	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young farmers that the small boy encourages confuse the tiny teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small farmers that the large boy engages discourage the joyful athletes	plural	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young farmers that the miserable boy knows inspire the happy friends	plural	singular	plural	know	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that the little boy observes remember the small guys	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that the ecstatic carpenter admires inspire the sad doctors	plural	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large farmers that the young carpenter discourages avoid the small teachers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the small carpenter inspires engage the ecstatic mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the happy carpenter knows understand the sad doctors	plural	singular	plural	know	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that the small carpenter stimulates avoid the ecstatic doctors	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that the tiny carpenter understands inspire the little poets	plural	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that the big doctor engages inspire the large friends	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that the joyful father approves encourage the miserable singers	plural	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that the small father avoids criticize the tiny singers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the miserable father discourages remember the young carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the young father greets understand the sad kids	plural	singular	plural	greet	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that the miserable father remembers engage the happy aunts	plural	singular	plural	remember	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the ecstatic friend knows criticize the little fathers	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the young girl admires know the old kids	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that the big girl engages remember the sad aunts	plural	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little farmers that the old girl inspires avoid the small kids	plural	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that the small girl stimulates inspire the old athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young farmers that the old guy discourages inspire the miserable men	plural	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little farmers that the miserable guy engages understand the small friends	plural	singular	plural	engage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that the ecstatic kid approves discourage the happy victims	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the big kid criticizes confuse the small singers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large farmers that the sad kid greets confuse the huge fathers	plural	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that the small kid observes confuse the old poets	plural	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small farmers that the big lawyer criticizes greet the old girls	plural	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big farmers that the tiny lawyer knows greet the sad boys	plural	singular	plural	know	greets
objrel_that_adj	The old farmers that the ecstatic lawyer remembers inspire the little women	plural	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that the sad man greets engage the little lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greet	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the tiny mother criticizes avoid the big women	plural	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that the small singer avoids greet the large athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the small singer knows discourage the happy boys	plural	singular	plural	know	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The big farmers that the young singer remembers discourage the joyful guys	plural	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that the miserable teacher confuses admire the large guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that the happy teacher inspires understand the tiny doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the big uncle engages encourage the tiny athletes	plural	singular	plural	engage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big farmers that the small uncle engages know the tiny poets	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young farmers that the large uncle knows engage the sad mothers	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the tiny uncle knows greet the young fathers	plural	singular	plural	know	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little farmers that the miserable uncle observes remember the huge victims	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that the young victim criticizes avoid the big boys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that the happy victim criticizes greet the huge poets	plural	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young farmers that the happy victim encourages admire the old kids	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that the miserable victim observes stimulate the old athletes	plural	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that the sad woman confuses discourage the old mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the old athlete approves confuse the tiny uncles	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the ecstatic athlete criticizes greet the young friends	plural	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the big athlete remembers discourage the sad uncles	plural	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the huge athlete understands engage the small doctors	plural	singular	plural	understand	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that the young aunt discourages engage the miserable uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the little aunt engages stimulate the miserable singers	plural	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the big carpenter criticizes understand the old teachers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objrel_that_adj	The small fathers that the tiny carpenter understands discourage the joyful boys	plural	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little fathers that the joyful doctor approves admire the tiny farmers	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the sad doctor discourages admire the small men	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the miserable doctor understands observe the joyful lawyers	plural	singular	plural	understand	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young fathers that the little farmer admires understand the sad guys	plural	singular	plural	admire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that the miserable farmer avoids remember the young lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that the happy friend observes engage the small aunts	plural	singular	plural	observe	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the little friend remembers approve the small aunts	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the large girl observes approve the old teachers	plural	singular	plural	observe	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the little girl stimulates understand the ecstatic women	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the little guy admires observe the miserable friends	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the big guy avoids stimulate the tiny doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the miserable guy inspires remember the big boys	plural	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young fathers that the big guy remembers admire the ecstatic poets	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that the small kid admires observe the ecstatic teachers	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old fathers that the young kid approves criticize the miserable guys	plural	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the old kid knows encourage the sad aunts	plural	singular	plural	know	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the old lawyer greets criticize the sad singers	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that the huge lawyer greets understand the young aunts	plural	singular	plural	greet	understands
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the sad man approves engage the big carpenters	plural	singular	plural	approve	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large fathers that the huge man avoids remember the miserable women	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large fathers that the tiny man encourages engage the little lawyers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that the big man remembers avoid the joyful friends	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young fathers that the joyful mother approves know the miserable doctors	plural	singular	plural	approve	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little fathers that the happy mother criticizes know the ecstatic teachers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large fathers that the happy mother understands avoid the tiny uncles	plural	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that the young poet admires stimulate the miserable uncles	plural	singular	plural	admire	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the large poet engages admire the big kids	plural	singular	plural	engage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little fathers that the young poet greets understand the sad carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greet	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old fathers that the huge poet remembers avoid the ecstatic farmers	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that the sad poet stimulates avoid the young men	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the old poet understands remember the small guys	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the huge singer encourages criticize the ecstatic mothers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old fathers that the joyful singer engages admire the little victims	plural	singular	plural	engage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that the little teacher admires engage the huge aunts	plural	singular	plural	admire	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that the old teacher avoids understand the big poets	plural	singular	plural	avoid	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the young teacher greets criticize the happy doctors	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large fathers that the happy teacher understands remember the miserable poets	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the joyful uncle knows discourage the huge girls	plural	singular	plural	know	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old fathers that the happy victim admires encourage the small poets	plural	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the young victim confuses avoid the joyful farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the young victim discourages stimulate the tiny teachers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The small fathers that the tiny victim engages approve the large farmers	plural	singular	plural	engage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that the sad victim observes know the small singers	plural	singular	plural	observe	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old fathers that the small woman engages encourage the ecstatic friends	plural	singular	plural	engage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the miserable woman knows admire the tiny athletes	plural	singular	plural	know	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the joyful woman stimulates remember the ecstatic victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The huge friends that the large athlete engages remember the small poets	plural	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that the small aunt knows avoid the little uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little friends that the large aunt knows encourage the tiny singers	plural	singular	plural	know	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the small aunt remembers stimulate the happy kids	plural	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little friends that the huge aunt stimulates confuse the old guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the ecstatic aunt understands approve the miserable singers	plural	singular	plural	understand	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the huge boy observes greet the miserable women	plural	singular	plural	observe	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the miserable boy remembers stimulate the tiny men	plural	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that the happy carpenter understands approve the young men	plural	singular	plural	understand	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the miserable doctor confuses admire the large carpenters	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that the little doctor remembers know the happy guys	plural	singular	plural	remember	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the huge farmer admires understand the tiny boys	plural	singular	plural	admire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the big father avoids know the ecstatic kids	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that the tiny father confuses know the old victims	plural	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the joyful father greets stimulate the little women	plural	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young friends that the huge father observes greet the big lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observe	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little friends that the sad girl admires engage the big kids	plural	singular	plural	admire	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the little girl confuses approve the miserable poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small friends that the young girl confuses avoid the happy farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small friends that the sad girl encourages approve the tiny singers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the large girl understands greet the ecstatic poets	plural	singular	plural	understand	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the happy guy stimulates encourage the ecstatic victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The small friends that the large kid discourages admire the joyful carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that the sad kid understands avoid the little teachers	plural	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the ecstatic kid understands observe the young guys	plural	singular	plural	understand	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the sad man encourages approve the old singers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young friends that the sad man greets criticize the huge teachers	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that the miserable man stimulates remember the young teachers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that the sad mother confuses understand the tiny athletes	plural	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the tiny mother inspires admire the happy doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the tiny mother remembers admire the huge uncles	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that the young poet understands engage the tiny doctors	plural	singular	plural	understand	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the huge singer knows approve the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	know	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that the young singer remembers approve the sad carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the big singer remembers inspire the large men	plural	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that the huge teacher admires understand the happy carpenters	plural	singular	plural	admire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that the old uncle encourages approve the happy lawyers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the sad victim inspires confuse the small doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that the old victim knows avoid the little fathers	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the huge victim observes avoid the sad doctors	plural	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the huge victim remembers engage the old carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remember	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the old victim remembers understand the big poets	plural	singular	plural	remember	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that the tiny woman discourages approve the large doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the large woman discourages remember the old athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the large athlete remembers observe the joyful aunts	plural	singular	plural	remember	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the large athlete stimulates discourage the ecstatic doctors	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old girls that the ecstatic boy admires confuse the tiny women	plural	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge girls that the happy boy approves stimulate the little mothers	plural	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young girls that the old boy approves understand the little teachers	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the little carpenter greets inspire the ecstatic doctors	plural	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young girls that the large doctor greets avoid the tiny women	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little girls that the tiny doctor knows greet the joyful men	plural	singular	plural	know	greets
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the old farmer avoids remember the big men	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the little farmer knows discourage the young athletes	plural	singular	plural	know	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that the joyful farmer remembers discourage the small carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young girls that the small father avoids encourage the happy teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that the old father engages discourage the joyful doctors	plural	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little girls that the young father inspires approve the large victims	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the young father stimulates criticize the tiny uncles	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that the little friend avoids remember the young aunts	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that the little guy confuses remember the huge men	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little girls that the huge guy observes remember the joyful athletes	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the miserable guy understands inspire the ecstatic kids	plural	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old girls that the large kid knows avoid the huge aunts	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large girls that the old kid observes stimulate the happy poets	plural	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young girls that the miserable man admires criticize the old friends	plural	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young girls that the miserable man confuses inspire the big teachers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that the happy man engages approve the tiny carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the large man inspires discourage the happy doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that the big man understands inspire the large guys	plural	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that the large mother avoids criticize the old kids	plural	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that the young poet admires approve the large singers	plural	singular	plural	admire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that the young poet avoids approve the happy men	plural	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old girls that the happy poet criticizes remember the large fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that the young poet greets admire the big men	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that the small singer engages discourage the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the miserable singer inspires encourage the tiny poets	plural	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the joyful teacher discourages avoid the small athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large girls that the sad teacher engages discourage the ecstatic boys	plural	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the miserable uncle remembers admire the joyful lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old girls that the big uncle remembers observe the happy carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remember	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the huge victim confuses observe the ecstatic friends	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young girls that the old victim criticizes observe the ecstatic mothers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old girls that the ecstatic woman inspires understand the huge teachers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the tiny athlete avoids confuse the huge poets	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the sad athlete criticizes know the little uncles	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the old athlete remembers discourage the little doctors	plural	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the small aunt admires greet the joyful boys	plural	singular	plural	admire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that the small aunt engages approve the big victims	plural	singular	plural	engage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the little aunt inspires criticize the happy carpenters	plural	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old guys that the huge boy admires observe the big lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the ecstatic boy approves admire the large aunts	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the joyful boy criticizes confuse the happy athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the big boy inspires criticize the sad poets	plural	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old guys that the tiny carpenter admires inspire the sad men	plural	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the tiny carpenter approves discourage the small kids	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that the huge doctor admires approve the large men	plural	singular	plural	admire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big guys that the huge doctor engages encourage the young women	plural	singular	plural	engage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the joyful doctor understands remember the tiny boys	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that the little farmer encourages greet the small uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young guys that the old farmer stimulates observe the big athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the large father engages know the big women	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that the tiny friend admires criticize the small lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the big girl admires inspire the little women	plural	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that the sad girl confuses admire the tiny teachers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old guys that the ecstatic kid remembers discourage the little singers	plural	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that the tiny lawyer criticizes remember the ecstatic fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the little lawyer engages know the large doctors	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big guys that the miserable lawyer greets encourage the ecstatic victims	plural	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that the sad lawyer knows engage the little kids	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the young lawyer knows engage the big teachers	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old guys that the little man discourages remember the huge farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The small guys that the old man encourages observe the big fathers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old guys that the little man inspires remember the small lawyers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the miserable mother confuses engage the happy friends	plural	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objrel_that_adj	The small guys that the miserable mother criticizes understand the young uncles	plural	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that the happy mother discourages admire the old carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the huge mother understands greet the happy men	plural	singular	plural	understand	greets
objrel_that_adj	The small guys that the miserable poet confuses admire the sad lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the happy poet criticizes approve the big singers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the little poet criticizes confuse the large friends	plural	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the miserable poet inspires encourage the small uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that the huge poet stimulates engage the miserable girls	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that the big singer engages criticize the joyful aunts	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the ecstatic singer engages discourage the old uncles	plural	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the little teacher observes remember the tiny fathers	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that the happy teacher remembers greet the large girls	plural	singular	plural	remember	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the large teacher understands encourage the young victims	plural	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big guys that the little uncle admires avoid the tiny men	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young guys that the happy uncle confuses inspire the sad singers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the miserable uncle greets avoid the big kids	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that the old uncle understands avoid the tiny victims	plural	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that the joyful victim avoids admire the happy poets	plural	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objrel_that_adj	The small guys that the joyful victim stimulates observe the little poets	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that the big woman avoids confuse the sad men	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the large woman confuses discourage the young aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old kids that the miserable athlete confuses greet the little uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that the tiny athlete criticizes engage the joyful mothers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young kids that the huge athlete greets encourage the ecstatic teachers	plural	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The small kids that the ecstatic athlete observes know the large boys	plural	singular	plural	observe	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy kids that the large aunt avoids criticize the ecstatic uncles	plural	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that the small aunt confuses greet the happy guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the large aunt knows confuse the joyful uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large kids that the happy aunt remembers stimulate the tiny singers	plural	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the little boy approves admire the joyful guys	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that the sad boy discourages approve the old fathers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the small carpenter understands inspire the joyful farmers	plural	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the little doctor admires confuse the old lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that the small farmer avoids confuse the old mothers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy kids that the small farmer engages understand the big guys	plural	singular	plural	engage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the miserable father confuses stimulate the small lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the large father understands encourage the small victims	plural	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that the little friend discourages avoid the small doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young kids that the miserable friend understands criticize the ecstatic fathers	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad kids that the young girl admires engage the old fathers	plural	singular	plural	admire	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big kids that the ecstatic girl confuses engage the young guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that the small girl understands inspire the tiny friends	plural	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the old guy knows criticize the large girls	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the small lawyer criticizes discourage the tiny singers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the miserable lawyer encourages remember the ecstatic boys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the small lawyer stimulates avoid the joyful victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the young man understands greet the miserable mothers	plural	singular	plural	understand	greets
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that the big mother encourages approve the miserable teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the happy mother inspires engage the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big kids that the miserable poet approves confuse the huge farmers	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big kids that the happy poet engages inspire the large uncles	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old kids that the miserable poet inspires discourage the little boys	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large kids that the big singer approves observe the ecstatic victims	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small kids that the tiny singer confuses remember the large uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old kids that the young singer knows avoid the small poets	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the sad teacher admires observe the young women	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young kids that the joyful teacher observes inspire the sad lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The sad kids that the huge teacher observes inspire the young men	plural	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The sad kids that the huge uncle approves understand the old victims	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that the small uncle discourages approve the young men	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the old uncle encourages observe the huge farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old kids that the huge uncle greets inspire the sad singers	plural	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy kids that the big uncle remembers discourage the ecstatic aunts	plural	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that the tiny victim admires confuse the big teachers	plural	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big kids that the old victim admires observe the small women	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big kids that the old victim criticizes discourage the miserable lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old kids that the ecstatic victim discourages remember the huge doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy kids that the old victim knows inspire the tiny uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the joyful victim understands remember the large athletes	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad kids that the little woman encourages remember the huge farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that the miserable athlete encourages remember the joyful fathers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that the big aunt remembers criticize the young teachers	plural	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that the sad aunt stimulates criticize the large victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the sad boy inspires avoid the little aunts	plural	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that the happy boy observes confuse the tiny mothers	plural	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the big carpenter confuses avoid the joyful mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that the small carpenter confuses greet the old aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that the miserable carpenter criticizes stimulate the old athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the old carpenter discourages approve the big teachers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the big doctor avoids remember the small men	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that the small doctor inspires criticize the big girls	plural	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the old farmer discourages avoid the huge men	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that the ecstatic farmer encourages observe the tiny mothers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that the big farmer engages observe the miserable girls	plural	singular	plural	engage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that the big farmer remembers understand the happy mothers	plural	singular	plural	remember	understands
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that the small farmer understands engage the big carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that the little father approves confuse the sad friends	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the joyful father discourages engage the young teachers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the huge father understands stimulate the young friends	plural	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that the big friend avoids approve the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that the tiny friend criticizes know the sad poets	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that the sad friend criticizes understand the tiny farmers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that the small friend stimulates remember the tiny men	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that the small girl knows stimulate the tiny uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that the old guy encourages observe the huge farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the joyful guy greets inspire the tiny poets	plural	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that the tiny guy inspires engage the miserable athletes	plural	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that the joyful guy stimulates engage the old fathers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that the small kid admires discourage the big men	plural	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the huge man admires observe the joyful singers	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the big mother approves criticize the old victims	plural	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that the happy mother discourages admire the big girls	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that the miserable poet confuses greet the small aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that the little poet encourages know the miserable women	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the ecstatic poet engages know the joyful men	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that the happy poet knows stimulate the old athletes	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the little poet remembers stimulate the miserable men	plural	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the huge singer admires know the young men	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that the young singer criticizes approve the sad uncles	plural	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that the young singer engages inspire the big friends	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that the small teacher confuses inspire the ecstatic farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that the miserable teacher confuses understand the ecstatic guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the large teacher discourages engage the ecstatic farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that the large teacher inspires discourage the miserable fathers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the tiny teacher stimulates approve the joyful girls	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the joyful uncle admires observe the happy boys	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that the miserable uncle avoids remember the young teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that the young uncle encourages admire the large teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the sad uncle encourages understand the happy friends	plural	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the big uncle stimulates avoid the ecstatic boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the young uncle understands criticize the huge friends	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that the little victim encourages know the tiny teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that the little victim engages criticize the young singers	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that the happy victim greets understand the huge friends	plural	singular	plural	greet	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that the ecstatic woman discourages greet the little friends	plural	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that the huge woman encourages engage the tiny men	plural	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge men that the tiny athlete stimulates discourage the little kids	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the joyful aunt avoids approve the small kids	plural	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the joyful boy observes stimulate the miserable aunts	plural	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that the miserable boy remembers stimulate the little poets	plural	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the large carpenter observes confuse the small women	plural	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The little men that the huge carpenter stimulates criticize the happy girls	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the tiny doctor admires greet the ecstatic teachers	plural	singular	plural	admire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big men that the miserable doctor discourages know the huge mothers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the big doctor greets inspire the old farmers	plural	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny men that the young doctor greets stimulate the happy teachers	plural	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little men that the small doctor observes understand the young boys	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big men that the sad doctor remembers understand the old girls	plural	singular	plural	remember	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big men that the little farmer observes stimulate the large women	plural	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The small men that the ecstatic farmer understands greet the huge guys	plural	singular	plural	understand	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large men that the big father understands inspire the little girls	plural	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the young friend knows encourage the small victims	plural	singular	plural	know	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large men that the big guy engages confuse the joyful singers	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the little guy engages understand the ecstatic boys	plural	singular	plural	engage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big men that the small kid confuses greet the little athletes	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge men that the ecstatic kid encourages approve the large friends	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge men that the sad kid greets stimulate the little fathers	plural	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the sad kid stimulates know the old farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful men that the old lawyer avoids engage the small farmers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the big lawyer understands avoid the happy women	plural	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the happy mother approves know the big kids	plural	singular	plural	approve	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little men that the tiny mother encourages stimulate the big carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the small mother remembers stimulate the young lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge men that the joyful poet knows criticize the miserable friends	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny men that the little poet observes remember the happy teachers	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the large poet stimulates understand the ecstatic friends	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big men that the happy singer avoids observe the huge guys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny men that the small singer discourages know the old poets	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the sad singer greets encourage the old lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The little men that the joyful singer greets observe the tiny kids	plural	singular	plural	greet	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge men that the ecstatic singer observes stimulate the small girls	plural	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large men that the old singer understands encourage the ecstatic aunts	plural	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that the miserable teacher greets confuse the joyful women	plural	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the large teacher understands encourage the big mothers	plural	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the large uncle engages criticize the miserable boys	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful men that the large victim encourages criticize the little girls	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that the young woman stimulates encourage the sad boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that the little athlete greets approve the sad carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greet	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the little athlete knows inspire the happy kids	plural	singular	plural	know	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the young athlete understands discourage the big girls	plural	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little mothers that the big athlete understands encourage the old boys	plural	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The small mothers that the huge aunt engages know the young kids	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that the tiny aunt remembers greet the young farmers	plural	singular	plural	remember	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the old aunt stimulates greet the joyful victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that the large boy remembers know the happy doctors	plural	singular	plural	remember	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the miserable carpenter inspires admire the happy teachers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the joyful carpenter inspires stimulate the small boys	plural	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the tiny doctor greets understand the small uncles	plural	singular	plural	greet	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the tiny doctor inspires approve the small carpenters	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that the little doctor inspires approve the large uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the sad farmer confuses avoid the ecstatic kids	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that the happy farmer confuses greet the miserable girls	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the big farmer confuses observe the little boys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the big farmer criticizes inspire the happy teachers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the happy farmer inspires observe the miserable kids	plural	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the small farmer remembers inspire the sad lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that the little friend discourages approve the joyful kids	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the small friend engages know the young farmers	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the small friend knows approve the tiny athletes	plural	singular	plural	know	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that the old friend knows greet the miserable fathers	plural	singular	plural	know	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the small friend understands avoid the little lawyers	plural	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the miserable girl approves greet the old doctors	plural	singular	plural	approve	greets
objrel_that_adj	The small mothers that the little girl avoids remember the huge friends	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that the tiny girl inspires engage the happy carpenters	plural	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the huge girl knows engage the miserable women	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the little girl understands admire the large kids	plural	singular	plural	understand	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the miserable girl understands inspire the big kids	plural	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little mothers that the ecstatic guy avoids discourage the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the young guy avoids inspire the tiny friends	plural	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the miserable guy criticizes observe the ecstatic victims	plural	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small mothers that the ecstatic kid avoids know the young men	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the young kid confuses inspire the old men	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that the young kid encourages greet the old teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the young kid knows encourage the ecstatic farmers	plural	singular	plural	know	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the old lawyer avoids encourage the young victims	plural	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the old lawyer knows criticize the sad carpenters	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that the big lawyer remembers inspire the little victims	plural	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the miserable man approves observe the little victims	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small mothers that the big man inspires approve the sad friends	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the tiny man inspires confuse the sad farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small mothers that the young poet admires avoid the ecstatic aunts	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the big poet encourages stimulate the ecstatic fathers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that the young poet remembers approve the big women	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that the young poet understands know the joyful athletes	plural	singular	plural	understand	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the miserable singer approves confuse the large lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the old singer criticizes remember the miserable uncles	plural	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the sad singer discourages know the small doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the sad singer observes criticize the happy women	plural	singular	plural	observe	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that the large teacher encourages approve the happy fathers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the joyful uncle avoids admire the miserable athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the old uncle criticizes confuse the large athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the miserable uncle knows stimulate the joyful carpenters	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the huge uncle stimulates discourage the tiny poets	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the big victim admires discourage the joyful farmers	plural	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the huge victim stimulates criticize the young uncles	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the little victim stimulates know the old friends	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that the big woman encourages approve the old guys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the joyful woman greets encourage the ecstatic victims	plural	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that the young athlete discourages remember the huge aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that the little athlete greets know the old teachers	plural	singular	plural	greet	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the miserable aunt avoids discourage the young carpenters	plural	singular	plural	avoid	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the huge aunt observes understand the ecstatic uncles	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel_that_adj	The little poets that the young boy approves stimulate the large mothers	plural	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad poets that the little boy avoids know the old kids	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that the sad boy criticizes remember the miserable mothers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the tiny boy discourages stimulate the joyful fathers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that the large boy inspires encourage the joyful victims	plural	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that the sad carpenter criticizes encourage the happy singers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The little poets that the large carpenter understands encourage the ecstatic fathers	plural	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that the happy doctor knows approve the large teachers	plural	singular	plural	know	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that the joyful doctor remembers confuse the happy men	plural	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge poets that the ecstatic farmer confuses discourage the sad friends	plural	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that the large farmer confuses inspire the little fathers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the little farmer confuses know the ecstatic men	plural	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that the young father discourages admire the joyful lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that the happy father greets know the old farmers	plural	singular	plural	greet	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the big father inspires understand the old lawyers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that the large father knows inspire the young boys	plural	singular	plural	know	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big poets that the miserable father observes understand the young uncles	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge poets that the sad friend approves know the young uncles	plural	singular	plural	approve	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the young friend engages admire the happy boys	plural	singular	plural	engage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old poets that the big girl admires understand the miserable doctors	plural	singular	plural	admire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The little poets that the huge girl knows observe the big singers	plural	singular	plural	know	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that the tiny girl understands stimulate the young farmers	plural	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the big guy encourages criticize the miserable kids	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the large guy remembers confuse the happy boys	plural	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the happy kid admires stimulate the old doctors	plural	singular	plural	admire	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little poets that the huge kid criticizes understand the small boys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the huge kid encourages observe the little farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big poets that the tiny kid stimulates observe the happy singers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that the sad lawyer inspires discourage the tiny guys	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the huge lawyer inspires encourage the big kids	plural	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that the huge man avoids discourage the tiny lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the huge man understands criticize the little mothers	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the happy mother understands discourage the big friends	plural	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the ecstatic singer discourages criticize the happy fathers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the young uncle avoids encourage the big carpenters	plural	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The little poets that the large uncle greets engage the sad men	plural	singular	plural	greet	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the miserable uncle observes understand the tiny singers	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big poets that the happy uncle understands approve the ecstatic athletes	plural	singular	plural	understand	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that the young victim discourages avoid the old friends	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old poets that the ecstatic woman admires approve the huge athletes	plural	singular	plural	admire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the large woman approves understand the joyful singers	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big poets that the huge woman avoids greet the sad teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the tiny woman engages approve the young aunts	plural	singular	plural	engage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little poets that the small woman engages understand the joyful farmers	plural	singular	plural	engage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the miserable woman observes approve the huge kids	plural	singular	plural	observe	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the huge woman remembers inspire the happy victims	plural	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The huge singers that the large athlete encourages greet the little teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad singers that the tiny athlete encourages stimulate the happy carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the ecstatic athlete stimulates observe the huge women	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that the tiny aunt discourages stimulate the old friends	plural	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old singers that the ecstatic aunt knows inspire the large athletes	plural	singular	plural	know	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The sad singers that the happy carpenter approves avoid the ecstatic friends	plural	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young singers that the happy carpenter confuses criticize the old women	plural	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little singers that the young carpenter discourages understand the tiny aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that the old carpenter encourages confuse the tiny victims	plural	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that the little carpenter engages inspire the sad kids	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big singers that the young carpenter knows observe the sad uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy singers that the young carpenter stimulates understand the joyful teachers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objrel_that_adj	The small singers that the miserable doctor avoids encourage the big guys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the huge doctor encourages stimulate the small victims	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the ecstatic doctor knows admire the small girls	plural	singular	plural	know	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the huge doctor knows discourage the small women	plural	singular	plural	know	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad singers that the young doctor observes approve the miserable friends	plural	singular	plural	observe	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that the miserable farmer confuses stimulate the small mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The small singers that the huge father confuses inspire the sad poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old singers that the miserable father knows observe the young guys	plural	singular	plural	know	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the joyful friend greets avoid the tiny carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that the tiny friend observes approve the little women	plural	singular	plural	observe	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old singers that the happy friend remembers discourage the sad victims	plural	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that the little friend remembers encourage the old uncles	plural	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The little singers that the old girl approves discourage the big guys	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that the small girl criticizes engage the joyful boys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy singers that the little girl greets admire the big fathers	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the old girl observes approve the sad carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observe	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little singers that the miserable guy avoids inspire the huge lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small singers that the huge guy avoids stimulate the tiny fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big singers that the small guy greets confuse the happy carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that the little guy knows criticize the joyful victims	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the huge kid avoids remember the old doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little singers that the sad kid greets encourage the small mothers	plural	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy singers that the big lawyer admires inspire the sad men	plural	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little singers that the young lawyer knows stimulate the big carpenters	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The small singers that the young man engages avoid the joyful guys	plural	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad singers that the little man stimulates observe the young athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge singers that the tiny mother observes encourage the little teachers	plural	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad singers that the large mother understands discourage the huge girls	plural	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy singers that the large poet criticizes observe the ecstatic men	plural	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big singers that the large poet encourages engage the tiny carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the ecstatic uncle admires encourage the joyful men	plural	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that the small victim avoids confuse the ecstatic carpenters	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the joyful victim encourages engage the little women	plural	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young singers that the happy woman greets admire the old kids	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that the large woman greets avoid the big carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that the small woman remembers observe the large friends	plural	singular	plural	remember	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that the big athlete avoids criticize the happy fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that the small athlete encourages know the happy fathers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that the big athlete encourages stimulate the young doctors	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the sad athlete greets criticize the ecstatic fathers	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large teachers that the ecstatic athlete inspires understand the miserable singers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the large athlete remembers admire the huge mothers	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that the sad aunt approves criticize the old girls	plural	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that the joyful aunt approves understand the large women	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that the young aunt encourages criticize the small boys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the tiny aunt engages admire the large victims	plural	singular	plural	engage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that the happy boy knows admire the tiny uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that the big carpenter criticizes encourage the young victims	plural	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that the huge carpenter discourages admire the little uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large teachers that the sad carpenter encourages avoid the joyful victims	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small teachers that the tiny carpenter observes know the miserable mothers	plural	singular	plural	observe	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that the happy doctor engages encourage the sad poets	plural	singular	plural	engage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big teachers that the huge farmer approves discourage the joyful lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the sad father confuses admire the miserable men	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large teachers that the sad father encourages avoid the huge women	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that the miserable father greets understand the large carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greet	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that the miserable friend confuses criticize the large athletes	plural	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that the young friend criticizes engage the large singers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old teachers that the big friend stimulates approve the huge aunts	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that the small girl admires stimulate the old mothers	plural	singular	plural	admire	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big teachers that the miserable girl engages criticize the ecstatic farmers	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small teachers that the large guy avoids admire the happy friends	plural	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that the huge guy confuses engage the tiny friends	plural	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objrel_that_adj	The small teachers that the tiny guy stimulates admire the happy doctors	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that the ecstatic guy understands avoid the large aunts	plural	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that the miserable kid greets avoid the huge men	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big teachers that the huge kid observes admire the old mothers	plural	singular	plural	observe	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the happy kid stimulates approve the old fathers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that the happy lawyer confuses observe the small guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that the happy lawyer discourages avoid the huge boys	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that the small man encourages greet the young boys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big teachers that the joyful mother discourages approve the small carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that the big mother encourages engage the small poets	plural	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that the tiny mother stimulates engage the small victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that the tiny poet admires observe the small victims	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young teachers that the large poet criticizes know the tiny aunts	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large teachers that the sad poet stimulates engage the ecstatic victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that the small uncle admires engage the little men	plural	singular	plural	admire	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large teachers that the big uncle criticizes observe the ecstatic guys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that the old uncle inspires discourage the large carpenters	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young teachers that the ecstatic uncle knows stimulate the tiny athletes	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the miserable victim discourages understand the joyful boys	plural	singular	plural	discourage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old teachers that the joyful woman encourages criticize the big victims	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old teachers that the joyful woman understands inspire the ecstatic poets	plural	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little uncles that the huge athlete approves understand the miserable poets	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that the big athlete stimulates know the happy women	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small uncles that the happy aunt approves stimulate the sad guys	plural	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large uncles that the big aunt avoids engage the tiny victims	plural	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that the miserable aunt observes understand the old lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that the old aunt remembers understand the small athletes	plural	singular	plural	remember	understands
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that the miserable boy criticizes engage the large teachers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that the tiny boy encourages inspire the miserable teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the ecstatic boy remembers encourage the large victims	plural	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the small carpenter admires greet the large boys	plural	singular	plural	admire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the large carpenter admires know the little friends	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that the tiny carpenter approves observe the large singers	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small uncles that the large farmer discourages greet the huge lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the joyful father discourages encourage the young victims	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that the sad father greets avoid the little boys	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that the big father inspires encourage the little friends	plural	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that the big friend confuses criticize the happy victims	plural	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the small friend knows admire the happy boys	plural	singular	plural	know	admires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that the miserable friend observes stimulate the old victims	plural	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little uncles that the joyful girl admires observe the small poets	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that the big girl discourages know the miserable poets	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old uncles that the small girl knows avoid the little teachers	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the happy girl remembers inspire the ecstatic carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the joyful guy encourages greet the small singers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large uncles that the huge guy engages avoid the happy men	plural	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the little kid admires confuse the old victims	plural	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the big kid avoids confuse the small lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the large kid confuses avoid the joyful friends	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that the ecstatic kid remembers criticize the sad aunts	plural	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that the ecstatic kid remembers engage the young guys	plural	singular	plural	remember	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young uncles that the sad kid remembers greet the ecstatic farmers	plural	singular	plural	remember	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little uncles that the ecstatic kid understands avoid the miserable women	plural	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that the joyful lawyer engages greet the large athletes	plural	singular	plural	engage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little uncles that the small man stimulates admire the young boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that the happy mother understands criticize the old friends	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the young poet discourages engage the happy victims	plural	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the big poet greets avoid the joyful teachers	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that the young poet remembers encourage the miserable lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The old uncles that the big singer encourages greet the tiny teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that the sad teacher avoids stimulate the joyful fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that the big teacher criticizes engage the little farmers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel_that_adj	The small uncles that the joyful teacher discourages admire the miserable fathers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large uncles that the big teacher greets remember the young girls	plural	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young uncles that the little teacher knows avoid the ecstatic doctors	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large uncles that the huge victim discourages criticize the joyful men	plural	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that the young victim encourages engage the small girls	plural	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little victims that the ecstatic athlete engages understand the small kids	plural	singular	plural	engage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge victims that the miserable aunt remembers greet the young women	plural	singular	plural	remember	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the little aunt understands remember the happy doctors	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little victims that the huge boy confuses remember the old carpenters	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little victims that the sad boy criticizes discourage the huge singers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the sad boy greets inspire the tiny guys	plural	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the little carpenter criticizes stimulate the big athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the huge carpenter inspires stimulate the ecstatic fathers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the old doctor confuses stimulate the joyful uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the ecstatic doctor observes discourage the large athletes	plural	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little victims that the huge farmer criticizes confuse the sad boys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the little farmer criticizes confuse the ecstatic doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The little victims that the large farmer understands admire the small girls	plural	singular	plural	understand	admires
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the little father admires know the small aunts	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that the big father approves observe the young farmers	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the joyful father criticizes admire the ecstatic uncles	plural	singular	plural	criticize	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the big father inspires engage the huge singers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the young father inspires observe the large poets	plural	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small victims that the miserable father stimulates avoid the ecstatic uncles	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that the small friend confuses criticize the happy lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that the small friend criticizes remember the young athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad victims that the miserable friend encourages approve the joyful men	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the little friend greets admire the large fathers	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the big friend observes inspire the joyful poets	plural	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that the huge friend stimulates remember the small fathers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad victims that the young girl confuses observe the small men	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the young girl engages remember the joyful aunts	plural	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the miserable girl greets avoid the large mothers	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that the tiny girl observes admire the big aunts	plural	singular	plural	observe	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that the little girl stimulates confuse the large guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small victims that the sad girl understands admire the old athletes	plural	singular	plural	understand	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the small guy approves know the miserable aunts	plural	singular	plural	approve	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the ecstatic guy remembers admire the sad uncles	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the huge kid approves inspire the young guys	plural	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the tiny kid approves know the ecstatic lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approve	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the happy kid confuses greet the tiny girls	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the ecstatic kid greets avoid the sad men	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the small lawyer approves admire the large singers	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the old lawyer criticizes understand the miserable women	plural	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the miserable man encourages confuse the huge farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that the sad man inspires remember the small athletes	plural	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the young man stimulates understand the huge aunts	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the little mother remembers greet the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	remember	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the young poet discourages confuse the joyful singers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The little victims that the big poet greets engage the ecstatic fathers	plural	singular	plural	greet	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the small poet inspires encourage the large athletes	plural	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that the big poet remembers observe the huge boys	plural	singular	plural	remember	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the sad singer admires avoid the big teachers	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The huge victims that the big singer greets admire the old women	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel_that_adj	The small victims that the sad uncle criticizes discourage the big mothers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that the big uncle discourages encourage the large lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad victims that the old woman confuses remember the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the young woman criticizes observe the joyful boys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objrel_that_adj	The little victims that the huge woman encourages criticize the joyful girls	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that the sad woman knows approve the small kids	plural	singular	plural	know	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small victims that the sad woman knows criticize the happy doctors	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that the little woman stimulates know the huge carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the young athlete discourages greet the large teachers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the small athlete encourages know the miserable carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the joyful athlete encourages observe the huge men	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the ecstatic aunt observes admire the miserable lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observe	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the huge aunt remembers avoid the joyful singers	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad women that the miserable boy engages know the big athletes	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big women that the old boy knows engage the happy men	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the large boy understands remember the big aunts	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the miserable carpenter engages criticize the small farmers	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the big carpenter greets encourage the ecstatic girls	plural	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable women that the huge carpenter remembers engage the tiny farmers	plural	singular	plural	remember	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the huge doctor approves inspire the small uncles	plural	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the old doctor engages remember the joyful athletes	plural	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the small doctor greets avoid the ecstatic teachers	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the young farmer avoids admire the ecstatic kids	plural	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objrel_that_adj	The young women that the joyful father confuses observe the large doctors	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young women that the small father discourages stimulate the happy friends	plural	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the miserable father stimulates observe the sad uncles	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the joyful friend admires inspire the young teachers	plural	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable women that the joyful friend observes know the tiny carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observe	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the small girl knows discourage the large teachers	plural	singular	plural	know	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small women that the little girl understands know the tiny boys	plural	singular	plural	understand	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the joyful guy approves greet the big victims	plural	singular	plural	approve	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful women that the miserable kid engages greet the large uncles	plural	singular	plural	engage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful women that the happy kid greets inspire the old guys	plural	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the old kid observes admire the small mothers	plural	singular	plural	observe	admires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the small kid remembers confuse the little singers	plural	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the ecstatic lawyer inspires understand the sad uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable women that the little man avoids inspire the old poets	plural	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young women that the old man knows greet the joyful doctors	plural	singular	plural	know	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful women that the miserable man remembers engage the young guys	plural	singular	plural	remember	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the sad mother confuses approve the big lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful women that the old mother encourages remember the miserable fathers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful women that the big mother knows encourage the little carpenters	plural	singular	plural	know	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad women that the large mother remembers observe the young doctors	plural	singular	plural	remember	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the happy mother understands discourage the young friends	plural	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable women that the old poet engages criticize the big carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable women that the old poet understands know the tiny uncles	plural	singular	plural	understand	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big women that the tiny singer approves know the large men	plural	singular	plural	approve	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big women that the huge singer stimulates confuse the little lawyers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad women that the little teacher criticizes avoid the big farmers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the sad teacher encourages know the big athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the huge uncle inspires stimulate the ecstatic kids	plural	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the sad victim engages greet the huge men	plural	singular	plural	engage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that the big aunts approve admire the little woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that the large aunts approve discourage the miserable carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the young aunts criticize engage the happy boy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the young aunts inspire understand the miserable friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that the miserable carpenters admire confuse the joyful doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that the tiny carpenters avoid remember the large girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large athletes that the small carpenters confuse admire the tiny farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that the little carpenters discourage know the miserable doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the young doctors admire remember the old aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the young doctors confuse stimulate the small girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the small doctors engage stimulate the young woman	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that the big doctors inspire engage the young man	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old athletes that the little farmers avoid approve the ecstatic victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big athletes that the joyful farmers confuse criticize the old poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the large farmers encourage admire the ecstatic doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large athletes that the young farmers greet avoid the sad father	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that the large farmers remember avoid the little father	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that the young fathers encourage criticize the old lawyer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little athletes that the tiny friends criticize remember the young kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that the old friends encourage criticize the joyful poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little athletes that the happy friends engage remember the small girl	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young athletes that the happy friends greet engage the large girl	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little athletes that the big girls admire greet the small victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the large girls avoid greet the young carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that the happy girls stimulate admire the young uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large athletes that the sad girls stimulate inspire the miserable teacher	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the huge guys confuse inspire the sad carpenter	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little athletes that the ecstatic guys discourage understand the old uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the big guys greet inspire the huge boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big athletes that the tiny guys inspire encourage the ecstatic lawyer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the little guys observe greet the sad father	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that the big kids discourage engage the young poet	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that the joyful kids encourage inspire the tiny girl	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little athletes that the big kids encourage remember the ecstatic uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large athletes that the young kids engage encourage the joyful mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that the happy kids engage greet the joyful girl	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little athletes that the ecstatic kids stimulate engage the tiny singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the large lawyers admire encourage the little uncle	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The old athletes that the tiny lawyers criticize know the young boy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old athletes that the ecstatic lawyers know engage the sad poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big athletes that the joyful men engage know the small mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that the tiny men remember inspire the old aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the little men stimulate remember the huge singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large athletes that the young mothers criticize avoid the small teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large athletes that the joyful mothers remember understand the happy friend	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the miserable mothers stimulate remember the sad victim	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the ecstatic poets engage understand the sad farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large athletes that the sad poets inspire discourage the ecstatic boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that the joyful singers confuse greet the young friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that the small singers greet confuse the miserable poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the huge singers understand know the tiny girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the large teachers criticize stimulate the little poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that the joyful teachers discourage approve the miserable uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the little teachers observe greet the huge singer	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little athletes that the big uncles inspire observe the small lawyer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that the little uncles understand discourage the old doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that the happy victims admire engage the young woman	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little athletes that the old women approve remember the miserable friend	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that the joyful women engage know the sad uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the joyful athletes confuse approve the happy carpenter	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that the ecstatic athletes confuse stimulate the big woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that the big athletes know criticize the happy mother	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the happy boys approve discourage the little uncle	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the small boys discourage encourage the happy carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that the sad boys greet admire the little father	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the little carpenters encourage greet the tiny man	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the old carpenters remember avoid the tiny doctor	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that the tiny doctors avoid remember the large farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the small doctors confuse approve the sad kid	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the little doctors confuse stimulate the joyful victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the huge doctors discourage encourage the old man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the miserable doctors engage criticize the ecstatic singer	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the happy farmers greet confuse the ecstatic father	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the large farmers greet remember the joyful carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the joyful farmers greet remember the old poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large aunts that the small fathers encourage approve the big friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the sad fathers remember confuse the huge poet	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that the young friends encourage greet the happy farmer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the young friends greet know the tiny father	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that the big friends know criticize the ecstatic farmer	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the young friends observe inspire the joyful lawyer	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the old girls admire encourage the happy boy	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big aunts that the happy girls avoid admire the joyful poet	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the tiny girls discourage understand the huge woman	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large aunts that the ecstatic girls greet observe the huge singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that the miserable girls know avoid the happy doctor	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the joyful girls know understand the ecstatic man	plural	plural	singular	knows	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the tiny guys encourage approve the little father	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the tiny guys know stimulate the joyful poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the tiny kids know admire the large boy	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that the sad kids know inspire the huge singer	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the happy kids observe inspire the huge teacher	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the huge lawyers remember understand the large friend	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the ecstatic lawyers understand avoid the little guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the ecstatic men admire inspire the huge friend	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the sad men understand criticize the joyful boy	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that the small mothers engage admire the huge woman	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the old mothers observe avoid the huge boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the ecstatic mothers remember avoid the small uncle	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the tiny poets inspire remember the huge victim	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The big aunts that the large poets remember discourage the joyful singer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the little singers discourage avoid the old guy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the small singers inspire approve the joyful athlete	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the large singers remember criticize the joyful carpenter	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the huge singers stimulate inspire the joyful man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the tiny teachers admire confuse the happy athlete	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the tiny teachers inspire know the happy singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that the young teachers know criticize the large uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the happy teachers know stimulate the small girl	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that the tiny uncles discourage admire the young woman	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that the young uncles encourage know the happy carpenter	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the large uncles observe discourage the huge friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that the huge uncles understand avoid the small carpenter	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that the happy victims stimulate engage the young father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the joyful victims understand inspire the small friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the happy women avoid discourage the small victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the old women criticize engage the huge doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the ecstatic women discourage greet the old girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that the small women engage admire the large carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that the sad women observe approve the big kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that the huge women observe encourage the miserable victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that the big athletes admire approve the tiny father	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little boys that the miserable athletes avoid approve the old guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy boys that the huge athletes discourage engage the sad uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the tiny athletes understand stimulate the miserable mother	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the big aunts confuse stimulate the large farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that the tiny aunts criticize remember the old athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the tiny aunts discourage approve the ecstatic kid	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that the little aunts know encourage the joyful man	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the happy aunts understand approve the huge victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that the joyful aunts understand criticize the large victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the big carpenters avoid criticize the miserable uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the little carpenters stimulate encourage the sad woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy boys that the sad carpenters understand know the large friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that the young doctors engage observe the large farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young boys that the small doctors know inspire the big father	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that the sad fathers avoid inspire the large guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the old fathers know inspire the little athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that the joyful fathers understand greet the tiny victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that the small friends stimulate greet the happy father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the big girls encourage criticize the large teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the tiny girls understand greet the old singer	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the small guys admire engage the happy athlete	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The small boys that the ecstatic guys understand confuse the happy singer	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that the joyful kids admire encourage the big athlete	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the old lawyers encourage avoid the tiny kid	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small boys that the sad lawyers remember stimulate the young friend	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy boys that the miserable men greet approve the joyful woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that the happy mothers confuse understand the big father	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the small mothers know observe the miserable lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the miserable poets approve avoid the ecstatic victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that the ecstatic poets confuse engage the old uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that the young poets greet approve the big teacher	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the ecstatic poets observe criticize the joyful carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the little poets understand know the ecstatic girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small boys that the old singers avoid discourage the large man	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the little singers engage inspire the miserable guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the happy singers understand inspire the joyful girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that the little teachers admire stimulate the large uncle	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that the joyful teachers greet approve the ecstatic guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the ecstatic teachers stimulate criticize the old aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that the small teachers understand greet the ecstatic girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that the tiny uncles approve observe the sad aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy boys that the small uncles observe remember the young singer	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the little uncles remember admire the small man	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the joyful uncles understand know the young doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the little victims criticize avoid the tiny woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the huge victims engage avoid the big teacher	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young boys that the happy women confuse avoid the little girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the miserable women observe know the young singer	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that the young athletes avoid stimulate the joyful victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that the huge athletes criticize approve the ecstatic woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the big athletes know discourage the small friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that the old boys discourage confuse the miserable mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that the old boys know engage the happy athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the little doctors stimulate admire the happy girl	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that the small doctors stimulate approve the large woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the small fathers encourage criticize the huge uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that the miserable fathers stimulate admire the little woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the tiny friends admire stimulate the old doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that the little friends approve criticize the small boy	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that the ecstatic friends discourage greet the little girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that the little friends discourage stimulate the old mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that the little friends engage admire the small athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that the tiny friends remember understand the small farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that the tiny girls approve inspire the large uncle	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the miserable girls discourage inspire the old lawyer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the tiny guys engage remember the huge woman	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that the joyful kids criticize encourage the tiny friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the small kids greet admire the large farmer	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that the joyful kids know approve the miserable guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that the joyful lawyers confuse observe the huge woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the little lawyers encourage greet the small doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the joyful lawyers greet discourage the ecstatic teacher	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that the large men greet confuse the tiny teacher	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the joyful mothers confuse approve the happy father	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that the little poets confuse encourage the young woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the small poets greet engage the joyful father	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the miserable poets remember discourage the old kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that the joyful poets remember observe the big lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the old singers stimulate discourage the sad kid	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the happy teachers encourage observe the old boy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the tiny teachers observe remember the large friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that the young uncles approve observe the little farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that the big uncles encourage discourage the huge father	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that the old uncles greet discourage the ecstatic man	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the tiny victims approve observe the young farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the ecstatic victims avoid observe the small guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the large victims discourage criticize the joyful doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that the sad victims engage greet the ecstatic boy	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that the old victims stimulate approve the miserable aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big doctors that the happy athletes avoid confuse the sad guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the young athletes criticize inspire the sad mother	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large doctors that the sad athletes encourage know the happy poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large doctors that the joyful athletes observe greet the tiny mother	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that the huge aunts greet engage the miserable mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little doctors that the small boys approve remember the huge carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that the happy boys observe greet the tiny athlete	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big doctors that the young boys observe remember the joyful mother	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The small doctors that the joyful boys understand stimulate the young girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that the happy carpenters admire avoid the little poet	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that the big carpenters approve admire the huge poet	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that the big fathers avoid observe the old friend	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that the sad fathers criticize understand the joyful kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that the large fathers greet avoid the old poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the sad fathers inspire engage the huge friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that the young fathers stimulate confuse the joyful carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big doctors that the miserable friends confuse greet the huge carpenter	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that the small friends encourage stimulate the sad singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that the huge friends know admire the old guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large doctors that the joyful girls criticize approve the ecstatic kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small doctors that the little guys admire greet the large uncle	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that the large guys criticize stimulate the small singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that the small guys discourage know the old boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that the tiny kids admire avoid the young aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small doctors that the big kids approve discourage the old man	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that the joyful kids observe confuse the tiny friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big doctors that the sad lawyers discourage criticize the huge carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that the old lawyers observe understand the large mother	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the small lawyers understand stimulate the miserable kid	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that the large men admire avoid the huge boy	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small doctors that the happy men admire criticize the old athlete	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that the old men avoid criticize the tiny mother	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that the sad men engage encourage the huge poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young doctors that the tiny mothers admire observe the old guy	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big doctors that the sad mothers approve engage the happy carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that the happy poets discourage know the ecstatic carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small doctors that the young poets stimulate avoid the happy woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that the young singers confuse remember the large father	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that the large singers remember approve the sad guy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big doctors that the little teachers confuse admire the happy uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little doctors that the sad teachers remember encourage the huge friend	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that the young uncles confuse know the sad girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that the huge uncles observe know the big lawyer	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small doctors that the miserable victims admire remember the young carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the young victims admire understand the miserable farmer	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that the little women criticize avoid the joyful aunt	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the joyful women encourage engage the huge uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that the happy women greet understand the miserable father	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that the young aunts approve discourage the old athlete	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young farmers that the small aunts greet engage the tiny friend	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the sad boys admire criticize the young athlete	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that the large carpenters approve discourage the tiny woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large farmers that the happy doctors avoid greet the old athlete	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the tiny doctors encourage avoid the ecstatic poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that the big doctors engage inspire the miserable aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young farmers that the tiny fathers confuse admire the ecstatic doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large farmers that the big fathers confuse engage the old teacher	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little farmers that the old fathers encourage engage the joyful uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little farmers that the ecstatic fathers encourage stimulate the young boy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the large friends criticize engage the sad lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the tiny friends inspire greet the small guy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that the joyful guys avoid observe the happy carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large farmers that the big kids greet know the small guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the ecstatic kids stimulate understand the small boy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that the small lawyers encourage discourage the young boy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the sad men discourage avoid the small doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that the young men inspire remember the tiny aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large farmers that the huge men observe engage the happy teacher	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that the large men understand inspire the tiny lawyer	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the miserable mothers confuse engage the big girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that the young singers confuse criticize the sad aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that the old singers confuse criticize the sad kid	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small farmers that the old singers greet discourage the young doctor	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old farmers that the happy singers understand inspire the big carpenter	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that the old uncles criticize avoid the happy mother	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that the little victims approve greet the small father	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that the small victims criticize engage the young mother	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that the miserable victims greet approve the old singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel_that_adj	The large farmers that the huge women inspire criticize the big girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the big athletes criticize observe the sad woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the small athletes engage avoid the large kid	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young fathers that the small athletes observe remember the tiny poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the sad athletes understand remember the small boy	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the little aunts confuse engage the small carpenter	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that the large aunts greet discourage the tiny girl	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small fathers that the ecstatic boys confuse know the huge woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the old boys greet confuse the happy mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the joyful boys know admire the small girl	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that the old boys remember engage the big farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the small carpenters admire criticize the miserable boy	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young fathers that the little carpenters approve remember the joyful athlete	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that the old carpenters approve stimulate the tiny woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the sad carpenters greet observe the ecstatic farmer	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old fathers that the miserable doctors encourage discourage the tiny carpenter	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large fathers that the young farmers confuse remember the miserable woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The small fathers that the sad farmers criticize observe the huge mother	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the huge friends confuse remember the small kid	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large fathers that the big friends inspire remember the ecstatic victim	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The small fathers that the happy friends understand avoid the old guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old fathers that the ecstatic girls encourage understand the miserable mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the sad guys approve engage the little woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the old guys confuse engage the little boy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the happy guys criticize understand the big lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
objrel_that_adj	The small fathers that the big kids approve confuse the young farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the joyful kids avoid admire the huge victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little fathers that the big kids know confuse the young mother	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the little kids observe criticize the sad girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old fathers that the huge kids remember know the happy boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small fathers that the old lawyers approve engage the joyful aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little fathers that the old lawyers avoid observe the tiny friend	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the little lawyers discourage greet the ecstatic boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the sad lawyers discourage know the little uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that the miserable lawyers engage discourage the joyful athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the tiny men discourage stimulate the young doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that the huge men greet approve the young boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the happy mothers encourage inspire the old uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the old poets observe inspire the sad mother	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the miserable poets remember confuse the small athlete	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the joyful singers discourage inspire the ecstatic teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the miserable singers greet confuse the huge lawyer	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The young fathers that the small singers stimulate inspire the ecstatic uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large fathers that the little teachers inspire admire the miserable man	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the joyful teachers know inspire the sad victim	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old fathers that the huge teachers remember know the little girl	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the joyful teachers remember observe the tiny mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small fathers that the miserable teachers stimulate admire the ecstatic aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old fathers that the huge uncles admire confuse the miserable boy	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that the happy uncles confuse observe the miserable man	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old fathers that the big uncles discourage observe the small doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large fathers that the happy uncles greet remember the small athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that the old uncles understand greet the tiny boy	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the miserable women criticize discourage the sad lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that the small women discourage observe the tiny man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young friends that the tiny athletes admire inspire the happy mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that the big athletes admire understand the miserable carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
objrel_that_adj	The young friends that the big athletes encourage understand the sad man	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that the miserable athletes know confuse the ecstatic lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the miserable aunts observe avoid the sad athlete	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the ecstatic aunts remember avoid the young lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little friends that the old boys approve stimulate the huge lawyer	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the miserable boys avoid engage the tiny victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the joyful boys know encourage the little singer	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the small boys observe greet the young victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge friends that the sad carpenters approve avoid the old aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The huge friends that the young carpenters approve greet the sad doctor	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little friends that the small doctors encourage criticize the ecstatic girl	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the miserable farmers approve know the sad mother	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that the miserable farmers remember confuse the young girl	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the ecstatic fathers admire stimulate the small woman	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the large fathers approve observe the happy woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that the sad fathers avoid encourage the little singer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that the little fathers know encourage the small carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the joyful girls confuse admire the small athlete	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
objrel_that_adj	The small friends that the sad girls encourage greet the large man	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that the small guys engage discourage the young mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the small guys engage know the ecstatic poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the small kids discourage observe the joyful man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the sad lawyers observe discourage the happy uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that the small men observe avoid the miserable poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the large men understand remember the old woman	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the ecstatic mothers approve greet the happy singer	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that the small mothers remember stimulate the ecstatic farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little friends that the large mothers stimulate approve the huge doctor	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the joyful poets approve remember the small athlete	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the little poets greet discourage the huge woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that the big poets greet stimulate the old father	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that the joyful poets stimulate greet the happy woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge friends that the happy poets understand admire the tiny doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the young singers encourage discourage the sad mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge friends that the miserable singers know observe the sad girl	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the tiny singers observe know the old teacher	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the ecstatic teachers approve know the small lawyer	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the large uncles inspire admire the tiny man	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that the ecstatic victims approve admire the big uncle	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that the huge victims remember criticize the young boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that the large women approve admire the young poet	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge friends that the sad women avoid understand the young father	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge friends that the big women confuse avoid the tiny athlete	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the happy women confuse encourage the young uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the tiny women greet know the young guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the young women greet remember the big uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little girls that the large athletes observe engage the young guy	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that the tiny aunts admire know the huge kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the tiny aunts confuse criticize the young singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the huge aunts criticize observe the big friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that the ecstatic aunts inspire admire the huge friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big girls that the joyful aunts remember discourage the sad lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The big girls that the happy boys inspire encourage the large father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the big boys know confuse the tiny mother	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge girls that the little carpenters avoid inspire the young guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little girls that the tiny carpenters confuse criticize the small mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that the large carpenters criticize encourage the young lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that the happy carpenters inspire avoid the sad mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that the huge doctors approve encourage the little lawyer	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large girls that the tiny doctors discourage approve the small teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that the large doctors engage avoid the happy mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the big doctors engage inspire the old lawyer	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that the miserable doctors engage remember the sad victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large girls that the huge farmers admire inspire the young athlete	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the tiny farmers discourage remember the miserable carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The huge girls that the large farmers encourage confuse the young man	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the big farmers encourage know the happy poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that the old farmers remember observe the young kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that the happy fathers engage encourage the young friend	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big girls that the joyful friends approve discourage the ecstatic uncle	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that the old friends avoid discourage the huge teacher	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little girls that the ecstatic friends discourage know the large woman	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little girls that the sad friends discourage understand the ecstatic doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old girls that the young guys criticize engage the tiny aunt	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that the miserable guys engage avoid the tiny poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big girls that the huge guys remember confuse the large athlete	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the miserable kids confuse know the sad lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little girls that the old lawyers approve remember the joyful singer	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that the huge men approve inspire the joyful carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that the huge men engage greet the big father	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large girls that the joyful mothers admire confuse the young aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge girls that the big mothers know stimulate the tiny guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old girls that the ecstatic poets approve avoid the young friend	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the little poets remember confuse the old athlete	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the little singers remember avoid the ecstatic boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that the large teachers inspire understand the little friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that the happy teachers stimulate remember the little guy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the big uncles greet know the miserable teacher	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that the large uncles observe admire the happy guy	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
objrel_that_adj	The young girls that the tiny victims remember engage the old doctor	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the young victims stimulate observe the big farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge girls that the tiny women confuse criticize the happy teacher	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that the miserable women inspire greet the big doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the small athletes confuse admire the tiny teacher	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the tiny athletes discourage engage the large poet	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big guys that the huge athletes discourage inspire the old man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the sad athletes encourage understand the large girl	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big guys that the happy athletes greet admire the old mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that the huge athletes observe engage the happy carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the old athletes understand confuse the joyful uncle	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big guys that the young aunts avoid engage the ecstatic singer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young guys that the small aunts encourage greet the joyful singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young guys that the sad aunts greet admire the little victim	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the tiny boys criticize encourage the young friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that the huge carpenters admire greet the young father	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the old carpenters approve avoid the small farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the happy carpenters approve greet the young aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the ecstatic carpenters approve inspire the little boy	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that the sad carpenters inspire understand the miserable woman	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that the happy carpenters stimulate understand the huge farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that the little doctors know discourage the young lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The big guys that the young farmers understand criticize the large lawyer	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big guys that the miserable fathers discourage engage the small farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the big fathers stimulate greet the young farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young guys that the huge fathers understand approve the sad woman	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that the young fathers understand inspire the happy poet	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big guys that the large friends confuse remember the ecstatic victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the tiny friends criticize know the sad uncle	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the little friends engage confuse the joyful farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the joyful friends greet confuse the miserable father	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The old guys that the ecstatic friends know criticize the joyful mother	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that the little friends stimulate greet the large uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the tiny girls confuse engage the miserable father	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that the happy girls confuse stimulate the young teacher	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the joyful girls discourage observe the tiny mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the huge kids approve discourage the tiny victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the small kids discourage criticize the miserable man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the small kids greet understand the old man	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that the young kids stimulate avoid the ecstatic father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big guys that the tiny kids understand know the small friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that the old lawyers admire confuse the joyful aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small guys that the sad lawyers admire observe the huge kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young guys that the joyful lawyers inspire know the miserable teacher	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the small men approve encourage the young doctor	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the young men discourage stimulate the ecstatic farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that the miserable men observe engage the joyful athlete	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the tiny mothers admire criticize the big poet	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the small mothers engage admire the sad boy	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the large mothers engage observe the small father	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that the happy mothers remember understand the large lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the tiny poets engage admire the old singer	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the young poets stimulate inspire the ecstatic farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the old poets understand discourage the little victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the old singers approve discourage the sad mother	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young guys that the big singers encourage stimulate the joyful poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the old teachers confuse discourage the happy kid	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the young teachers observe know the happy aunt	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old guys that the young uncles admire stimulate the ecstatic girl	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the huge uncles engage inspire the ecstatic victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old guys that the miserable uncles engage remember the huge carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old guys that the happy victims approve inspire the tiny father	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big guys that the happy victims avoid approve the old woman	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big guys that the sad victims observe criticize the tiny athlete	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that the large victims observe criticize the sad kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that the big victims stimulate criticize the tiny girl	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the joyful women discourage inspire the miserable doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young kids that the tiny aunts avoid admire the happy farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big kids that the ecstatic aunts discourage engage the little victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that the old aunts discourage remember the large boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large kids that the tiny boys greet understand the young victim	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad kids that the young boys inspire observe the ecstatic carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big kids that the happy carpenters engage approve the small victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big kids that the small carpenters stimulate inspire the old singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young kids that the old doctors inspire greet the little farmer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the tiny farmers encourage discourage the sad doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large kids that the miserable farmers encourage engage the young woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that the young farmers engage approve the huge athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the sad fathers admire greet the big mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large kids that the miserable fathers engage confuse the tiny singer	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that the little fathers understand stimulate the tiny aunt	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big kids that the large friends approve know the miserable father	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the happy girls admire criticize the tiny athlete	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad kids that the big girls approve know the happy athlete	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the little girls avoid remember the large father	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old kids that the big girls criticize admire the sad father	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the old girls criticize confuse the ecstatic singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The old kids that the big girls understand greet the miserable athlete	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big kids that the happy guys admire stimulate the sad aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old kids that the young guys engage approve the small singer	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the small lawyers avoid greet the big boy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the old lawyers confuse discourage the large poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the miserable lawyers discourage avoid the young singer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small kids that the large men avoid greet the joyful victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the sad men criticize observe the small athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big kids that the joyful men encourage admire the sad doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large kids that the miserable men stimulate criticize the young uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that the little mothers encourage know the ecstatic victim	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the old mothers encourage remember the small woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The small kids that the miserable mothers stimulate inspire the old girl	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young kids that the small poets inspire observe the ecstatic father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young kids that the big poets understand encourage the happy girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the large singers admire observe the joyful teacher	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad kids that the happy singers avoid stimulate the tiny farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large kids that the small singers greet observe the old father	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy kids that the miserable singers know observe the tiny father	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the big teachers discourage confuse the huge carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad kids that the large teachers discourage inspire the happy girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the big teachers observe engage the sad poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large kids that the ecstatic uncles admire encourage the big carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the old uncles know understand the little doctor	plural	plural	singular	knows	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the joyful uncles observe understand the small father	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy kids that the big victims admire encourage the huge doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the big victims confuse remember the young doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The small kids that the little victims understand know the big uncle	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that the old women greet inspire the young girl	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the tiny women know encourage the ecstatic poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that the young athletes avoid know the big singer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that the huge athletes criticize discourage the ecstatic carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that the miserable athletes criticize discourage the big woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that the big athletes remember inspire the old man	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the sad athletes understand approve the tiny guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that the happy aunts confuse encourage the huge father	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that the sad aunts understand avoid the small friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the huge boys admire approve the joyful teacher	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that the small boys know admire the large singer	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that the happy boys stimulate encourage the sad farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that the tiny boys understand discourage the old uncle	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that the young carpenters admire greet the big boy	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the young carpenters inspire confuse the joyful aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that the large doctors admire avoid the miserable carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that the happy farmers admire approve the big woman	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the old farmers greet stimulate the young doctor	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that the joyful farmers know inspire the ecstatic father	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that the happy farmers remember admire the big aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the ecstatic farmers stimulate inspire the tiny teacher	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the joyful fathers discourage approve the ecstatic woman	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that the large fathers encourage greet the huge kid	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the sad fathers observe avoid the large farmer	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the large friends greet approve the tiny carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the huge friends greet discourage the happy carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that the small girls observe avoid the joyful athlete	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the little girls observe encourage the joyful boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that the young girls stimulate avoid the sad singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the sad guys observe approve the large father	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that the happy guys understand observe the joyful girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the tiny kids admire observe the young carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that the huge kids criticize discourage the small farmer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the ecstatic kids greet engage the miserable girl	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that the miserable men avoid understand the big athlete	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the joyful men confuse avoid the ecstatic friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that the large men criticize engage the young girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that the tiny men engage approve the miserable singer	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that the small men know admire the young father	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that the miserable men remember avoid the happy farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the young teachers encourage greet the big aunt	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that the old teachers know approve the little carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that the ecstatic teachers know inspire the sad guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that the ecstatic uncles discourage admire the sad carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that the happy uncles stimulate approve the young man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that the big uncles understand know the tiny guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that the huge victims approve inspire the happy singer	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the young victims approve remember the big doctor	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that the tiny victims confuse encourage the old singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that the old victims encourage criticize the little athlete	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the joyful victims observe know the young girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that the old women confuse criticize the tiny aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that the tiny women criticize confuse the miserable farmer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that the little women criticize understand the big mother	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the happy athletes approve engage the huge doctor	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad men that the joyful athletes inspire criticize the young guy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the miserable athletes know engage the tiny friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the large athletes understand remember the big friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful men that the old aunts avoid criticize the tiny lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny men that the miserable boys discourage remember the ecstatic guy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the small boys engage confuse the large woman	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the joyful carpenters criticize remember the little guy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the big doctors admire greet the joyful victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large men that the small doctors avoid engage the little friend	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that the miserable doctors greet discourage the large carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small men that the large farmers criticize greet the happy friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little men that the ecstatic farmers greet remember the joyful guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The big men that the small farmers observe encourage the young carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the happy fathers engage encourage the big mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad men that the miserable fathers understand know the huge aunt	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the big friends approve know the ecstatic kid	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large men that the little friends encourage greet the tiny aunt	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge men that the joyful friends engage stimulate the ecstatic kid	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the miserable girls avoid engage the little poet	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad men that the old girls greet engage the little lawyer	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large men that the joyful girls inspire confuse the ecstatic woman	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big men that the sad guys discourage know the small mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the large kids approve remember the small carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the big kids inspire understand the large aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the joyful kids stimulate admire the young farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge men that the large lawyers approve admire the ecstatic mother	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that the small lawyers engage remember the joyful poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the small mothers avoid admire the joyful doctor	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big men that the small mothers encourage greet the old farmer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad men that the large mothers engage encourage the ecstatic doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the small mothers know avoid the tiny guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny men that the young mothers stimulate understand the small farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large men that the joyful poets greet know the miserable friend	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the miserable poets inspire remember the tiny boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful men that the happy poets know understand the old lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny men that the miserable poets remember inspire the ecstatic teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the joyful poets stimulate criticize the large carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the big singers inspire approve the old father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the joyful singers inspire confuse the ecstatic father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the young singers observe greet the ecstatic farmer	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge men that the tiny singers understand encourage the ecstatic woman	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the sad teachers admire approve the little boy	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the happy teachers avoid understand the joyful woman	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
objrel_that_adj	The little men that the large teachers discourage engage the miserable doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large men that the miserable uncles approve remember the young aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful men that the young uncles discourage observe the huge woman	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the large uncles stimulate approve the sad woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the ecstatic victims avoid admire the small aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful men that the big victims encourage criticize the tiny friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little men that the tiny women confuse inspire the young poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the joyful athletes approve admire the young boy	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the miserable athletes avoid know the young singer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the big aunts avoid encourage the small doctor	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that the tiny aunts avoid stimulate the small carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the tiny aunts discourage avoid the old man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the ecstatic aunts discourage inspire the young carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small mothers that the happy boys criticize encourage the large man	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that the sad boys inspire observe the young kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the big boys stimulate criticize the huge uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the large carpenters remember observe the little teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that the old doctors confuse observe the tiny man	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the miserable doctors know encourage the joyful singer	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the old doctors understand stimulate the huge kid	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that the young farmers inspire greet the small athlete	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the big farmers inspire know the huge doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the young farmers inspire understand the joyful carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the big fathers confuse know the old woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little mothers that the big fathers criticize discourage the old carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that the joyful fathers discourage greet the miserable friend	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the tiny fathers engage inspire the old lawyer	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the large fathers remember discourage the tiny doctor	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that the miserable girls encourage avoid the huge teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the large girls encourage inspire the sad aunt	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the happy girls encourage stimulate the ecstatic farmer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the huge girls know admire the young uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that the large girls stimulate avoid the sad teacher	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the joyful girls understand know the young victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the sad guys confuse remember the joyful doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the large kids encourage observe the young poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small mothers that the tiny kids know admire the little boy	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel_that_adj	The small mothers that the happy kids remember discourage the sad boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that the small lawyers avoid know the young aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the old lawyers inspire greet the small aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little mothers that the small men admire remember the young doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the happy men avoid approve the huge teacher	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the huge men inspire criticize the tiny father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the huge men inspire discourage the sad farmer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the big men observe engage the huge doctor	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that the little poets approve criticize the young woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the big singers approve stimulate the joyful father	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the huge singers greet criticize the old woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small mothers that the tiny singers know inspire the large guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that the little singers observe approve the happy girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the sad singers stimulate engage the little aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the small teachers engage avoid the huge poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the ecstatic teachers greet stimulate the young aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the happy teachers observe know the large carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the big teachers stimulate remember the old poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that the young teachers understand stimulate the ecstatic carpenter	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the small uncles avoid stimulate the old athlete	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the tiny uncles engage encourage the ecstatic guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The little mothers that the huge uncles observe greet the sad woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little mothers that the joyful victims encourage inspire the old guy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the small victims know confuse the young uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that the big victims know discourage the small lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the happy women observe inspire the big uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The sad poets that the old aunts approve admire the miserable victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the small boys avoid stimulate the little kid	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big poets that the large boys know admire the ecstatic uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the joyful carpenters criticize stimulate the large farmer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the miserable doctors admire stimulate the small uncle	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the happy doctors avoid greet the little woman	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the ecstatic doctors confuse encourage the joyful girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The little poets that the young doctors criticize admire the tiny teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old poets that the little doctors discourage engage the big father	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old poets that the happy doctors encourage remember the sad kid	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the young doctors inspire encourage the tiny mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that the large farmers approve admire the sad victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little poets that the big fathers approve understand the small doctor	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that the tiny fathers encourage admire the small lawyer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little poets that the happy fathers encourage greet the miserable uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge poets that the small fathers engage know the miserable friend	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the old fathers remember observe the small doctor	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the miserable friends admire stimulate the big guy	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the big friends avoid engage the ecstatic aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the joyful friends criticize discourage the tiny father	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The big poets that the large friends know stimulate the sad carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big poets that the sad girls approve know the tiny carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the tiny girls confuse understand the small woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the sad girls discourage remember the large kid	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that the happy guys admire observe the old carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that the huge guys approve admire the happy teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big poets that the huge guys understand remember the old farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the miserable men confuse avoid the little boy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that the big men confuse understand the joyful woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge poets that the large men engage remember the big guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little poets that the young men understand observe the huge singer	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that the tiny mothers admire encourage the sad lawyer	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that the little singers engage discourage the happy carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the old teachers criticize discourage the miserable kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that the old teachers discourage greet the small friend	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge poets that the happy teachers greet engage the little uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that the big teachers inspire encourage the little uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the little teachers know admire the sad victim	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little poets that the sad uncles approve understand the joyful woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the joyful uncles encourage inspire the little friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the big uncles greet stimulate the ecstatic aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the huge women avoid confuse the small uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the big women observe stimulate the joyful boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the tiny women understand stimulate the huge guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old singers that the young athletes confuse admire the happy carpenter	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
objrel_that_adj	The small singers that the sad athletes encourage avoid the happy mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young singers that the big athletes stimulate greet the happy doctor	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that the big athletes stimulate understand the young girl	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge singers that the little aunts inspire encourage the miserable lawyer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy singers that the old aunts know understand the huge poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	understands
objrel_that_adj	The small singers that the sad boys discourage stimulate the huge man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little singers that the ecstatic boys stimulate criticize the miserable guy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small singers that the old carpenters avoid approve the tiny lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young singers that the old carpenters criticize discourage the large woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The big singers that the huge carpenters discourage remember the sad friend	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the sad doctors know stimulate the young friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little singers that the joyful doctors understand avoid the happy aunt	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the small doctors understand stimulate the happy mother	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little singers that the old farmers approve avoid the small aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that the large farmers confuse criticize the ecstatic athlete	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that the old fathers stimulate admire the miserable aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old singers that the miserable friends confuse avoid the happy poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that the happy girls admire inspire the old mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the young girls approve admire the happy father	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that the big girls greet understand the ecstatic mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the big guys confuse observe the huge lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big singers that the huge kids avoid understand the sad athlete	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the happy kids criticize inspire the joyful guy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that the old kids discourage admire the huge teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the huge kids greet encourage the miserable victim	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big singers that the young kids stimulate criticize the huge teacher	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that the big lawyers approve discourage the miserable kid	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small singers that the miserable lawyers confuse criticize the large poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that the sad lawyers inspire observe the huge girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The little singers that the big men criticize engage the happy friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the small men criticize inspire the miserable lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that the old men engage inspire the miserable boy	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old singers that the little mothers greet criticize the huge girl	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the little mothers greet inspire the small carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the little mothers remember admire the sad guy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
objrel_that_adj	The small singers that the old poets admire stimulate the large man	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old singers that the tiny teachers criticize encourage the large poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The little singers that the large teachers know admire the miserable uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the miserable teachers know greet the ecstatic man	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy singers that the big uncles admire discourage the joyful lawyer	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old singers that the young victims encourage engage the miserable athlete	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge singers that the joyful women discourage stimulate the tiny victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young singers that the tiny women observe avoid the little uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that the old women understand stimulate the young athlete	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the huge athletes approve admire the tiny woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that the small athletes observe stimulate the tiny uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that the miserable athletes remember avoid the happy mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small teachers that the miserable aunts admire remember the sad carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that the miserable aunts criticize know the large mother	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young teachers that the huge aunts engage understand the sad kid	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that the little boys avoid observe the sad victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that the huge boys confuse inspire the miserable victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the joyful boys know admire the large man	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that the ecstatic boys observe know the sad lawyer	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young teachers that the small boys understand avoid the joyful carpenter	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the happy doctors confuse greet the large victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young teachers that the large doctors criticize inspire the small farmer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that the ecstatic doctors discourage engage the joyful guy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large teachers that the happy farmers approve understand the ecstatic singer	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that the tiny fathers approve observe the big victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the little fathers inspire engage the joyful doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the young friends encourage admire the miserable uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big teachers that the small girls know admire the sad singer	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that the ecstatic guys admire approve the little carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that the joyful guys criticize admire the large carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the miserable guys discourage avoid the large friend	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big teachers that the tiny kids understand greet the joyful father	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big teachers that the little lawyers inspire admire the sad guy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the miserable men remember admire the large lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
objrel_that_adj	The small teachers that the big men remember criticize the sad father	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large teachers that the little mothers confuse stimulate the small woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the joyful mothers discourage admire the old farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old teachers that the big poets discourage criticize the miserable mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that the old singers avoid remember the joyful doctor	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The small teachers that the huge singers greet know the happy woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that the happy singers know approve the small kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big teachers that the tiny singers observe confuse the happy boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the ecstatic singers remember admire the miserable carpenter	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
objrel_that_adj	The young teachers that the ecstatic singers understand know the happy woman	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large teachers that the old uncles admire observe the joyful kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young teachers that the ecstatic uncles criticize stimulate the happy doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that the happy victims admire avoid the young girl	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the huge victims discourage understand the young farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that the joyful victims encourage criticize the happy doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large teachers that the happy victims encourage remember the young doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that the happy victims engage approve the big man	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that the old victims inspire approve the huge poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that the ecstatic women inspire discourage the big singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that the big athletes discourage approve the large carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that the small athletes observe engage the sad mother	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the joyful aunts confuse greet the young singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little uncles that the young aunts greet discourage the ecstatic athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that the miserable aunts understand observe the old friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that the sad boys approve admire the old singer	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the little boys engage confuse the ecstatic farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that the joyful carpenters approve know the young teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that the old carpenters encourage confuse the large farmer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The little uncles that the miserable carpenters encourage understand the old woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that the huge doctors discourage criticize the old father	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old uncles that the ecstatic doctors remember greet the tiny father	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
objrel_that_adj	The small uncles that the ecstatic doctors remember observe the huge father	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the little farmers discourage greet the large lawyer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little uncles that the huge farmers engage understand the joyful guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the little fathers admire engage the young kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that the young fathers confuse approve the miserable girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the old fathers criticize greet the sad poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the young fathers discourage stimulate the happy victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that the tiny friends know avoid the huge aunt	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the huge girls confuse inspire the little farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large uncles that the happy girls discourage approve the small kid	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that the big girls greet avoid the old singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the joyful girls know criticize the tiny poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little uncles that the old girls remember discourage the happy lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the huge guys admire encourage the ecstatic friend	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that the large guys avoid engage the miserable singer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little uncles that the small guys inspire remember the young boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the big guys understand criticize the ecstatic man	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that the sad kids approve criticize the small girl	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the tiny kids greet avoid the miserable athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that the large kids greet stimulate the ecstatic boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young uncles that the big lawyers admire observe the large mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old uncles that the happy lawyers discourage understand the little doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old uncles that the young lawyers stimulate engage the large carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that the small men admire confuse the little kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large uncles that the sad men know observe the joyful kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large uncles that the joyful mothers engage admire the ecstatic athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the old mothers remember approve the sad teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that the happy poets criticize confuse the little singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that the joyful singers confuse admire the miserable victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
objrel_that_adj	The small uncles that the sad singers criticize engage the joyful father	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the ecstatic singers discourage approve the young farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the small teachers greet discourage the old carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that the tiny teachers observe know the small guy	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large uncles that the ecstatic victims admire avoid the huge mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that the big victims admire engage the joyful teacher	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that the sad victims engage stimulate the little carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that the happy victims know criticize the miserable mother	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old uncles that the miserable women admire approve the huge mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that the huge women discourage understand the little athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old uncles that the little women inspire engage the huge kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the tiny women inspire observe the young lawyer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the little athletes discourage greet the huge doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the happy athletes greet avoid the small man	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that the young aunts approve encourage the tiny kid	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that the joyful aunts encourage engage the young lawyer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the huge aunts know confuse the old man	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad victims that the small aunts understand admire the ecstatic teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the small boys approve know the little girl	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that the sad carpenters confuse stimulate the old man	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the small carpenters engage observe the young teacher	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the small doctors approve confuse the huge mother	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that the small doctors greet encourage the happy teacher	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The small victims that the huge doctors know observe the big athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the young farmers criticize admire the miserable lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the sad farmers criticize confuse the huge doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the miserable farmers stimulate remember the little girl	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that the small farmers understand approve the large father	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that the young fathers avoid inspire the sad friend	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The huge victims that the large fathers encourage know the happy girl	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge victims that the sad friends greet avoid the large guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the big girls encourage observe the huge carpenter	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge victims that the happy girls stimulate understand the miserable guy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge victims that the sad guys discourage criticize the little mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the joyful kids admire inspire the huge poet	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little victims that the large kids admire know the sad mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the little kids greet engage the tiny man	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the sad kids inspire greet the big athlete	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the large kids remember encourage the miserable farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The little victims that the joyful lawyers admire confuse the sad doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that the happy lawyers admire engage the ecstatic guy	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the ecstatic lawyers engage observe the joyful poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad victims that the joyful lawyers stimulate encourage the little girl	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the big men admire inspire the ecstatic aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small victims that the joyful men criticize approve the miserable teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little victims that the joyful men observe greet the big friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the miserable men remember inspire the tiny friend	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small victims that the sad men remember inspire the joyful teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little victims that the tiny mothers remember observe the old boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the young poets discourage avoid the small athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The huge victims that the big poets discourage understand the sad friend	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the miserable poets know discourage the little uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the old poets understand stimulate the ecstatic woman	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that the sad singers engage confuse the big friend	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the huge singers inspire know the young guy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small victims that the ecstatic singers observe stimulate the large father	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the small singers understand encourage the sad lawyer	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the huge teachers admire inspire the tiny farmer	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small victims that the joyful teachers avoid stimulate the big woman	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the huge teachers engage avoid the miserable doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the joyful teachers observe discourage the large athlete	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad victims that the happy uncles admire observe the joyful singer	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad victims that the joyful uncles confuse understand the little singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the small women avoid remember the tiny friend	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the huge women discourage criticize the miserable aunt	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the tiny women engage observe the small boy	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that the sad women know criticize the miserable girl	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the ecstatic women observe avoid the happy guy	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the happy women remember criticize the huge girl	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the old women stimulate criticize the sad athlete	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the young women stimulate criticize the ecstatic singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the miserable athletes approve admire the huge man	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge women that the old athletes understand approve the happy friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the sad athletes understand remember the small teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young women that the joyful aunts avoid criticize the miserable athlete	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the sad aunts greet inspire the little victim	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the big aunts stimulate encourage the joyful victim	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad women that the miserable boys admire approve the little kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little women that the joyful boys confuse know the happy doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the huge boys discourage greet the miserable farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the miserable boys greet confuse the happy kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the sad boys understand inspire the big farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the little carpenters admire observe the miserable kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the big carpenters approve criticize the joyful uncle	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small women that the huge carpenters approve observe the happy farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big women that the joyful carpenters confuse greet the happy kid	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable women that the old carpenters discourage approve the young friend	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big women that the joyful doctors avoid know the happy guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the old doctors avoid remember the young uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young women that the sad doctors inspire greet the old teacher	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable women that the huge doctors understand confuse the little aunt	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge women that the ecstatic farmers discourage confuse the large boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the large fathers discourage avoid the small aunt	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad women that the young fathers remember avoid the joyful singer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the sad friends admire understand the huge guy	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
objrel_that_adj	The young women that the sad friends avoid understand the huge uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the huge friends discourage observe the old mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge women that the little girls admire remember the big father	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad women that the ecstatic girls avoid discourage the happy teacher	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the large girls discourage greet the happy poet	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the little girls engage criticize the huge friend	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that the miserable girls greet avoid the young mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The huge women that the happy guys criticize confuse the little singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the large guys criticize understand the happy lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the young guys greet engage the large kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the old kids criticize engage the ecstatic boy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful women that the small men criticize approve the tiny carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the big singers confuse know the sad poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small women that the miserable singers confuse stimulate the old mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable women that the happy singers discourage encourage the tiny girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the miserable singers observe stimulate the old poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful women that the little teachers inspire criticize the ecstatic boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that the huge teachers remember engage the miserable kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
objrel_that_adj	The small women that the miserable uncles greet approve the happy friend	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young women that the little victims approve engage the large doctor	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big athletes that the young aunts discourage stimulate the small men	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big athletes that the old aunts encourage avoid the large guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young athletes that the little aunts greet observe the miserable singers	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that the old aunts understand greet the ecstatic girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that the miserable boys remember inspire the joyful friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that the small carpenters approve stimulate the huge fathers	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that the joyful carpenters engage greet the sad men	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that the happy doctors approve know the joyful farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the young doctors encourage approve the big farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that the tiny doctors encourage engage the young women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large athletes that the sad farmers know engage the ecstatic guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young athletes that the big farmers stimulate confuse the little teachers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that the joyful fathers know engage the little singers	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that the joyful friends inspire observe the huge carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that the joyful friends remember approve the old uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that the young friends understand criticize the small guys	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little athletes that the tiny girls discourage approve the big boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that the big girls engage inspire the tiny mothers	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that the small girls inspire know the old friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young athletes that the tiny girls remember discourage the ecstatic guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young athletes that the sad guys discourage avoid the old carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the tiny guys greet inspire the happy girls	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young athletes that the large kids confuse understand the big mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel_that_adj	The little athletes that the sad kids know stimulate the happy men	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that the sad lawyers criticize encourage the joyful farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The old athletes that the miserable poets criticize discourage the small men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the ecstatic poets know greet the tiny lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objrel_that_adj	The old athletes that the ecstatic poets remember confuse the big uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large athletes that the young singers avoid stimulate the ecstatic men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the huge singers encourage approve the tiny women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that the sad singers engage avoid the miserable boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that the little singers engage confuse the happy poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the miserable singers inspire observe the big girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that the tiny teachers discourage stimulate the young fathers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that the ecstatic teachers inspire avoid the happy farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the joyful uncles engage encourage the big mothers	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that the joyful uncles observe greet the tiny teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that the happy victims admire stimulate the young doctors	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that the large victims avoid understand the miserable friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the sad victims remember approve the small poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that the little women criticize encourage the young fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the big athletes know remember the young doctors	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the tiny boys approve admire the big singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the small boys approve avoid the sad men	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that the old boys discourage inspire the young lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that the small boys observe criticize the miserable farmers	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that the large boys understand confuse the huge carpenters	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the joyful carpenters avoid remember the little farmers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the large carpenters discourage admire the little fathers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the huge carpenters engage discourage the miserable fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The big aunts that the joyful carpenters inspire avoid the old guys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the joyful doctors criticize avoid the young mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the miserable doctors discourage admire the large girls	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that the large doctors inspire admire the little women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the miserable farmers admire inspire the young mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large aunts that the happy farmers avoid encourage the sad boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that the tiny farmers criticize avoid the little teachers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that the huge farmers engage encourage the young women	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the ecstatic farmers greet understand the happy friends	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the joyful fathers approve avoid the large women	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large aunts that the old fathers criticize approve the tiny carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that the young fathers inspire engage the sad doctors	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that the small fathers observe approve the large poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big aunts that the sad friends criticize inspire the large doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that the young girls confuse engage the huge uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that the huge girls criticize observe the old teachers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the big girls greet discourage the joyful kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that the little girls remember inspire the sad fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the ecstatic guys approve admire the joyful boys	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the tiny guys encourage inspire the old fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the happy guys observe know the ecstatic kids	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the joyful kids encourage avoid the old carpenters	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the ecstatic kids stimulate criticize the small victims	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big aunts that the sad lawyers confuse discourage the old poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the happy lawyers discourage confuse the sad poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big aunts that the huge lawyers engage encourage the young singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that the huge lawyers remember understand the sad doctors	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that the small men discourage understand the joyful guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the ecstatic men engage know the huge teachers	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the happy men know remember the old athletes	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the happy mothers avoid approve the tiny guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the little mothers understand engage the tiny doctors	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the tiny poets admire observe the joyful women	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the tiny poets approve remember the small boys	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the ecstatic poets avoid confuse the old boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the young poets understand stimulate the ecstatic lawyers	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the large singers discourage admire the huge friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the miserable singers engage greet the happy kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that the sad uncles encourage confuse the tiny kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that the ecstatic uncles encourage discourage the small carpenters	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the tiny uncles encourage remember the young girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the ecstatic uncles understand confuse the old poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the tiny victims approve discourage the small women	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the ecstatic victims approve understand the tiny fathers	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the happy victims confuse discourage the tiny teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the young victims discourage greet the big women	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the big women discourage admire the miserable victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the large women stimulate remember the sad lawyers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that the little athletes avoid admire the large men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little boys that the ecstatic athletes engage confuse the joyful mothers	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that the young athletes observe discourage the huge friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small boys that the huge athletes understand criticize the happy farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the huge aunts approve inspire the happy kids	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the sad doctors greet inspire the small poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that the young doctors know observe the large women	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small boys that the tiny doctors understand inspire the large aunts	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that the huge farmers approve know the large women	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy boys that the tiny farmers know greet the sad teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objrel_that_adj	The small boys that the huge farmers stimulate know the large aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little boys that the happy farmers understand approve the huge athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that the old fathers confuse engage the small women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young boys that the small fathers criticize encourage the little teachers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The old boys that the little fathers remember observe the ecstatic farmers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small boys that the miserable fathers understand greet the ecstatic lawyers	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that the little friends admire approve the small victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that the little friends criticize remember the ecstatic girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy boys that the little friends greet admire the joyful women	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel_that_adj	The young boys that the sad friends greet engage the happy teachers	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the tiny friends inspire confuse the miserable men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the young friends inspire criticize the little mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the tiny girls inspire understand the joyful lawyers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old boys that the huge guys discourage encourage the sad athletes	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young boys that the happy guys discourage know the big friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the little guys inspire remember the old kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little boys that the huge guys know observe the big fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy boys that the little kids remember admire the sad lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the miserable lawyers remember admire the huge doctors	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the small men admire approve the big teachers	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the tiny men admire engage the young women	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the sad men inspire approve the small athletes	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the miserable men remember approve the ecstatic kids	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that the sad mothers discourage encourage the huge guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that the happy mothers know discourage the miserable women	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that the young poets encourage observe the huge women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that the tiny singers engage discourage the joyful poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the small singers remember understand the happy carpenters	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the little teachers approve remember the big aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the huge teachers avoid approve the joyful mothers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that the old teachers greet encourage the joyful doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The little boys that the young teachers stimulate approve the joyful women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the ecstatic uncles avoid encourage the big aunts	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that the huge uncles stimulate greet the old kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objrel_that_adj	The old boys that the joyful victims confuse greet the large farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the large victims confuse remember the big poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old boys that the joyful victims remember discourage the big mothers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that the little victims remember stimulate the miserable lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the miserable women confuse avoid the small singers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the ecstatic athletes admire stimulate the old uncles	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that the ecstatic athletes avoid remember the tiny kids	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that the miserable athletes discourage know the little poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that the tiny athletes encourage greet the old mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that the large athletes stimulate criticize the tiny women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the miserable aunts encourage remember the young women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the huge boys inspire confuse the old friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that the old doctors inspire observe the big fathers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the happy doctors remember inspire the miserable girls	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that the little doctors stimulate approve the sad girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that the miserable farmers avoid greet the happy mothers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that the big farmers discourage approve the small mothers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that the old farmers stimulate remember the joyful uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that the big farmers understand greet the joyful teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the happy fathers criticize engage the large women	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that the sad fathers engage inspire the big friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that the tiny fathers observe approve the joyful women	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that the small friends engage inspire the old boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that the miserable friends observe approve the young teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that the little friends observe avoid the sad lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the little girls approve stimulate the miserable doctors	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that the miserable girls greet encourage the tiny women	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that the ecstatic guys approve observe the tiny victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that the sad guys confuse observe the miserable athletes	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that the large kids approve criticize the ecstatic women	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the large kids confuse observe the happy poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the happy kids observe know the young friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that the miserable lawyers admire greet the little teachers	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the happy lawyers avoid observe the young boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that the big lawyers know discourage the young uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that the large men confuse approve the miserable aunts	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that the happy mothers inspire know the tiny guys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that the young mothers remember criticize the little uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that the tiny poets confuse engage the small fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that the little poets stimulate confuse the happy doctors	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that the miserable singers encourage stimulate the small doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that the sad singers greet inspire the big victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that the miserable teachers avoid admire the large friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that the small teachers encourage engage the little mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that the young teachers know remember the tiny lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the huge uncles criticize stimulate the large fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that the miserable uncles greet know the old victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that the young uncles know inspire the ecstatic farmers	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the huge victims discourage know the small friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the large victims engage know the old farmers	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the ecstatic victims understand approve the happy singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that the miserable women inspire greet the little mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the little women observe criticize the miserable kids	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that the ecstatic women understand avoid the joyful boys	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that the young athletes criticize discourage the big carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that the ecstatic aunts greet stimulate the huge singers	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little doctors that the joyful boys admire encourage the large victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young doctors that the huge boys admire greet the old victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that the joyful boys know criticize the young athletes	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that the ecstatic boys stimulate approve the huge poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little doctors that the miserable carpenters approve know the sad farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that the large farmers understand approve the young girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small doctors that the miserable fathers engage observe the old singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the big fathers know stimulate the happy aunts	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The small doctors that the ecstatic girls observe greet the huge men	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that the big girls remember know the happy men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little doctors that the ecstatic guys confuse encourage the large victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that the big guys know encourage the joyful poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the joyful guys remember stimulate the big aunts	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little doctors that the big kids admire stimulate the small lawyers	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that the small kids confuse approve the huge carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that the small lawyers avoid understand the miserable women	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that the sad lawyers confuse observe the ecstatic victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel_that_adj	The little doctors that the ecstatic men approve engage the sad fathers	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that the little men observe remember the ecstatic guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The big doctors that the tiny mothers confuse discourage the happy carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that the old poets criticize stimulate the small mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the little poets inspire understand the miserable victims	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that the miserable poets observe greet the old teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the little poets understand observe the large teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that the young singers approve avoid the sad girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that the tiny singers avoid engage the young fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large doctors that the huge singers observe criticize the old aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big doctors that the joyful singers stimulate confuse the little aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big doctors that the ecstatic teachers avoid criticize the joyful poets	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young doctors that the happy uncles admire engage the old kids	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young doctors that the large uncles criticize engage the big athletes	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that the large uncles criticize observe the little guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small doctors that the ecstatic women avoid approve the tiny guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that the ecstatic women confuse avoid the joyful singers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large farmers that the big athletes engage understand the tiny fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The small farmers that the ecstatic boys inspire approve the huge aunts	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the happy boys stimulate approve the sad singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small farmers that the joyful carpenters greet admire the little athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel_that_adj	The small farmers that the old carpenters know admire the miserable singers	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that the old carpenters stimulate criticize the large teachers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the small doctors avoid engage the happy teachers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the sad doctors engage approve the tiny singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small farmers that the young doctors inspire encourage the sad guys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The small farmers that the miserable fathers avoid engage the joyful doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that the old fathers criticize inspire the small mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the little fathers discourage know the young teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that the sad fathers greet encourage the joyful lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that the joyful friends approve discourage the big lawyers	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young farmers that the small friends approve stimulate the little women	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the ecstatic friends criticize greet the young lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the small friends discourage criticize the happy women	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large farmers that the joyful friends observe approve the huge singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the young girls criticize encourage the ecstatic uncles	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young farmers that the tiny girls encourage observe the sad women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old farmers that the young guys engage criticize the small friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that the small guys know observe the sad fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large farmers that the tiny guys remember observe the happy kids	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the small guys understand admire the large uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large farmers that the ecstatic kids inspire criticize the tiny fathers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that the tiny lawyers greet criticize the young mothers	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old farmers that the little lawyers stimulate criticize the miserable girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that the huge men encourage admire the large girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old farmers that the large mothers avoid greet the small victims	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the huge poets inspire stimulate the miserable athletes	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old farmers that the small singers know engage the huge friends	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the miserable teachers admire know the small fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the big teachers avoid encourage the old carpenters	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the huge teachers remember avoid the large girls	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little farmers that the sad uncles avoid admire the tiny friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that the ecstatic uncles discourage remember the large singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that the miserable victims admire inspire the huge mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old farmers that the little victims confuse engage the joyful doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little farmers that the small victims engage stimulate the big kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the small victims observe inspire the old women	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that the small women avoid stimulate the huge guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old farmers that the big women confuse admire the miserable friends	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that the small women criticize engage the joyful guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big farmers that the ecstatic women encourage understand the small girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that the young women stimulate avoid the joyful men	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the big athletes admire approve the happy teachers	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that the large athletes encourage criticize the little uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old fathers that the miserable athletes understand confuse the ecstatic mothers	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the tiny aunts confuse observe the small uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the old aunts know encourage the big poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that the big boys encourage criticize the joyful girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that the old boys know approve the little girls	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the miserable carpenters admire discourage the small men	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large fathers that the small carpenters approve avoid the sad lawyers	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the tiny carpenters remember avoid the young women	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little fathers that the huge doctors engage admire the old mothers	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the happy doctors inspire admire the little teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the little farmers approve inspire the huge doctors	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the joyful farmers criticize discourage the happy boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that the large farmers engage observe the miserable women	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the little friends criticize understand the miserable kids	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large fathers that the young friends encourage criticize the miserable aunts	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young fathers that the big friends know inspire the little teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the small friends observe greet the old uncles	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the joyful girls confuse remember the young doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that the ecstatic girls criticize confuse the small poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that the large girls discourage confuse the miserable kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The old fathers that the huge guys discourage approve the tiny singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young fathers that the huge guys remember approve the small boys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small fathers that the happy kids inspire observe the huge victims	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the sad lawyers criticize remember the ecstatic girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that the small lawyers discourage approve the miserable farmers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the young lawyers observe remember the miserable mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large fathers that the happy men avoid encourage the ecstatic women	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the miserable men engage know the happy kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the happy men inspire approve the ecstatic girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the tiny men remember engage the happy boys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the miserable mothers admire engage the big doctors	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the young mothers encourage observe the joyful girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that the happy mothers encourage stimulate the young poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that the miserable mothers stimulate admire the sad uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that the old poets approve greet the young guys	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel_that_adj	The small fathers that the old singers engage understand the miserable friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that the miserable singers observe criticize the joyful girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young fathers that the little teachers stimulate avoid the old singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small fathers that the large uncles admire inspire the little carpenters	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the ecstatic uncles admire inspire the little guys	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the little uncles confuse observe the large men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the ecstatic uncles greet confuse the sad friends	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the young uncles remember stimulate the large farmers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the large victims approve remember the ecstatic men	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large fathers that the small victims stimulate approve the young singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the young victims understand criticize the tiny poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the big women encourage approve the large singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the big women know approve the small victims	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small fathers that the little women stimulate approve the large men	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that the young athletes discourage understand the little women	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the young aunts approve remember the tiny girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the tiny aunts avoid confuse the ecstatic boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the young aunts inspire stimulate the huge boys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the small aunts stimulate inspire the little teachers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small friends that the large boys know avoid the tiny girls	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little friends that the young carpenters admire avoid the joyful aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young friends that the little carpenters engage stimulate the old uncles	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the miserable carpenters understand inspire the old doctors	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that the huge doctors avoid inspire the miserable guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little friends that the tiny doctors avoid know the big carpenters	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that the young doctors criticize greet the huge guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the small farmers approve admire the sad girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the happy farmers confuse observe the sad fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young friends that the little farmers greet approve the small doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young friends that the small farmers greet criticize the miserable girls	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that the small farmers greet observe the joyful athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that the small farmers inspire stimulate the ecstatic victims	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that the old fathers criticize know the sad doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small friends that the little fathers observe avoid the young kids	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that the young fathers observe understand the small girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel_that_adj	The young friends that the sad girls avoid confuse the tiny teachers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that the happy girls greet approve the large athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the happy girls greet criticize the small kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the ecstatic girls remember understand the little kids	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that the happy guys inspire stimulate the tiny teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the tiny lawyers approve observe the little teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small friends that the huge lawyers remember observe the miserable athletes	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that the big lawyers remember understand the old women	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the old men avoid engage the little uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the little men criticize discourage the ecstatic girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little friends that the large men discourage greet the big farmers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that the little men inspire confuse the tiny mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge friends that the happy mothers approve know the sad farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little friends that the tiny mothers remember discourage the miserable uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the big poets admire confuse the little men	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that the tiny poets discourage stimulate the sad girls	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the miserable poets greet discourage the small lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the young poets greet stimulate the small victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that the sad poets greet understand the large athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the young singers admire encourage the joyful women	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the young singers approve stimulate the sad poets	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the miserable singers confuse avoid the huge aunts	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little friends that the ecstatic singers remember know the huge farmers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge friends that the happy singers stimulate encourage the ecstatic aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that the joyful teachers encourage understand the tiny guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the huge teachers inspire greet the tiny singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The small friends that the big teachers remember understand the tiny lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that the miserable teachers understand approve the tiny carpenters	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that the ecstatic uncles approve know the tiny lawyers	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the tiny uncles inspire criticize the large victims	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the joyful uncles know inspire the huge teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the young victims encourage observe the ecstatic aunts	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that the miserable victims inspire remember the big farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the happy victims know remember the joyful farmers	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The huge friends that the miserable women avoid discourage the little doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that the tiny athletes criticize remember the small singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that the ecstatic athletes encourage observe the large men	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that the joyful aunts discourage greet the miserable victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that the large boys inspire observe the old doctors	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The little girls that the big boys stimulate approve the ecstatic women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the joyful doctors approve understand the tiny singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large girls that the huge doctors greet confuse the old fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the sad doctors remember stimulate the big lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the tiny farmers encourage admire the happy kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that the old farmers encourage approve the huge women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that the little farmers encourage confuse the small teachers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the old farmers engage observe the sad friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the old farmers inspire discourage the huge men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The big girls that the huge fathers avoid approve the little men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that the ecstatic fathers engage approve the sad boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little girls that the happy fathers inspire admire the ecstatic victims	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objrel_that_adj	The young girls that the large fathers remember encourage the old friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The old girls that the happy friends engage avoid the large women	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that the small friends engage discourage the little poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that the sad friends inspire engage the miserable lawyers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge girls that the large kids admire remember the little aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that the old kids criticize encourage the young uncles	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that the joyful kids remember criticize the small victims	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little girls that the ecstatic lawyers approve admire the large friends	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that the old lawyers criticize discourage the sad kids	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little girls that the tiny lawyers encourage inspire the ecstatic boys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that the small men engage greet the large athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big girls that the ecstatic mothers criticize approve the little boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big girls that the ecstatic mothers encourage stimulate the huge women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young girls that the ecstatic mothers understand know the huge boys	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge girls that the tiny poets remember inspire the ecstatic lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that the tiny singers admire inspire the big aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large girls that the joyful singers encourage approve the miserable farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that the big singers encourage observe the young carpenters	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the big singers engage remember the happy boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that the miserable singers know avoid the large guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old girls that the little singers observe discourage the joyful athletes	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old girls that the happy singers stimulate discourage the tiny poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that the miserable teachers criticize discourage the sad fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old girls that the small teachers stimulate know the big women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little girls that the small uncles approve criticize the tiny poets	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge girls that the small uncles discourage criticize the little poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young girls that the huge uncles inspire know the miserable fathers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the tiny uncles observe greet the little boys	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that the ecstatic uncles understand stimulate the happy fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge girls that the ecstatic victims admire confuse the sad kids	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the huge victims approve engage the old aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young girls that the sad victims criticize stimulate the joyful men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the big victims discourage observe the tiny teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that the ecstatic victims encourage confuse the huge farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that the huge victims inspire know the tiny athletes	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young girls that the sad women admire encourage the happy friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The old girls that the little women confuse observe the huge boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old girls that the huge women engage avoid the young uncles	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the small women understand encourage the big farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the miserable athletes admire remember the large women	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that the big athletes discourage admire the large men	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the small athletes discourage stimulate the large boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the miserable athletes remember criticize the tiny men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the sad aunts avoid observe the small boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that the small aunts criticize discourage the miserable kids	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the old aunts criticize inspire the miserable victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old guys that the big aunts stimulate observe the ecstatic farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the miserable boys know remember the joyful carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The big guys that the small boys understand admire the little poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the young carpenters admire observe the sad singers	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the happy carpenters discourage understand the big aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the little carpenters know understand the joyful girls	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the little doctors encourage discourage the sad farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the happy doctors engage inspire the young mothers	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the huge farmers admire observe the little girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the joyful farmers observe engage the little doctors	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the ecstatic farmers stimulate confuse the miserable fathers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The old guys that the young fathers avoid observe the ecstatic boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young guys that the miserable fathers inspire confuse the huge girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that the large fathers stimulate inspire the big uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young guys that the big friends discourage observe the large boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that the huge friends encourage stimulate the large poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the old friends greet remember the joyful farmers	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that the young girls admire confuse the happy teachers	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the huge girls confuse approve the sad doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big guys that the huge girls confuse encourage the large poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that the old girls understand remember the young fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the small kids remember discourage the sad women	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the miserable kids stimulate greet the ecstatic teachers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that the happy lawyers criticize observe the sad aunts	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the little lawyers know criticize the large kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the joyful lawyers know greet the ecstatic kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young guys that the tiny lawyers remember inspire the huge athletes	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the large men approve discourage the tiny women	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the little men engage confuse the old singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that the tiny men greet understand the young uncles	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that the tiny men stimulate remember the young carpenters	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the small men understand approve the young lawyers	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that the small men understand criticize the huge mothers	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the joyful mothers discourage understand the old lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old guys that the ecstatic mothers observe understand the little kids	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that the joyful mothers understand encourage the sad friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the huge poets discourage stimulate the big singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that the ecstatic poets discourage understand the large aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The young guys that the small singers admire understand the little kids	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the sad singers avoid engage the young fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young guys that the old singers criticize engage the little friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the big singers inspire avoid the joyful poets	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the young singers know observe the miserable doctors	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that the young singers remember engage the small fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the little teachers confuse avoid the big fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the joyful teachers discourage understand the old boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the joyful teachers know encourage the old uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The old guys that the little teachers know greet the small lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the old teachers observe greet the miserable poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that the large uncles discourage inspire the happy kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small guys that the joyful uncles discourage understand the old aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that the miserable uncles inspire encourage the old women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that the young victims avoid understand the small boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the big victims discourage remember the tiny poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the huge victims stimulate inspire the large uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young guys that the old women understand engage the ecstatic girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that the joyful aunts avoid observe the little poets	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that the young aunts greet stimulate the old lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that the small aunts remember discourage the ecstatic poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young kids that the joyful aunts understand know the tiny girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the sad boys discourage remember the ecstatic singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the young boys encourage remember the old mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the huge boys observe confuse the ecstatic mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that the small boys observe criticize the tiny aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the miserable boys stimulate confuse the large singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big kids that the large doctors admire understand the tiny teachers	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy kids that the young doctors remember inspire the huge carpenters	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The sad kids that the ecstatic farmers confuse engage the big victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old kids that the sad farmers greet approve the happy singers	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad kids that the young fathers encourage confuse the tiny friends	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the tiny fathers engage criticize the miserable girls	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy kids that the little fathers stimulate greet the huge athletes	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that the little friends admire encourage the young aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy kids that the big friends criticize know the huge farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small kids that the ecstatic friends know confuse the miserable poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the sad friends observe confuse the large poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the large friends remember approve the small men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the large friends stimulate know the sad farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that the big girls admire confuse the small singers	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that the big girls avoid confuse the young doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that the sad girls engage stimulate the ecstatic women	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that the tiny girls know stimulate the small guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the little guys admire criticize the ecstatic carpenters	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad kids that the young guys avoid know the big girls	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old kids that the tiny guys observe avoid the large boys	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that the huge guys observe discourage the ecstatic lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the big guys understand observe the small doctors	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young kids that the tiny lawyers confuse avoid the little teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young kids that the old lawyers discourage observe the miserable guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy kids that the sad lawyers greet engage the ecstatic aunts	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that the happy lawyers remember know the little friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that the old men avoid confuse the tiny aunts	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the old singers confuse inspire the ecstatic athletes	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the small teachers approve admire the happy poets	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big kids that the joyful teachers avoid understand the little mothers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that the young teachers observe stimulate the tiny men	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the old teachers remember greet the large uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that the huge teachers remember inspire the big singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large kids that the ecstatic uncles admire approve the joyful friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy kids that the miserable uncles encourage discourage the little girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that the happy uncles greet remember the ecstatic aunts	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that the big victims avoid understand the happy fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that the tiny women encourage remember the happy lawyers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large kids that the miserable women engage criticize the young friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the miserable women know confuse the ecstatic aunts	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the old athletes confuse criticize the small farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the sad athletes greet inspire the young girls	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the large aunts confuse encourage the tiny carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that the ecstatic aunts confuse encourage the huge doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that the sad aunts discourage inspire the little mothers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that the joyful aunts encourage inspire the happy women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that the small aunts inspire approve the joyful farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that the sad aunts inspire remember the tiny victims	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that the joyful aunts know avoid the big fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that the happy aunts understand engage the young uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that the joyful boys avoid encourage the miserable uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that the joyful boys avoid engage the sad poets	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that the large boys engage encourage the ecstatic girls	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that the big boys know engage the little guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that the young carpenters approve understand the ecstatic kids	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that the miserable farmers criticize stimulate the ecstatic fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that the joyful farmers inspire observe the sad teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that the joyful fathers admire encourage the little friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that the tiny friends discourage avoid the large athletes	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that the large friends stimulate avoid the young boys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the miserable friends understand know the young farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that the tiny girls approve admire the big athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the little girls discourage understand the old poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the joyful girls engage know the ecstatic mothers	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that the big girls greet discourage the old athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that the tiny girls know encourage the large mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that the tiny kids discourage know the small doctors	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that the tiny men avoid confuse the young girls	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that the old men discourage greet the tiny singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the tiny men discourage know the joyful fathers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that the large mothers admire criticize the big singers	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that the young mothers understand approve the sad athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that the happy mothers understand avoid the young boys	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that the happy poets confuse stimulate the sad victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that the joyful poets encourage inspire the happy women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that the small poets inspire criticize the ecstatic teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the ecstatic singers remember avoid the little carpenters	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that the joyful teachers confuse inspire the happy farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that the sad uncles understand inspire the huge women	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that the happy victims avoid admire the big friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that the little victims engage observe the big kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that the young victims know confuse the ecstatic uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that the huge victims remember stimulate the tiny athletes	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the happy victims understand greet the sad carpenters	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that the happy women know avoid the sad carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the old athletes avoid approve the little friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small men that the sad athletes confuse engage the ecstatic lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that the sad athletes observe know the little carpenters	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful men that the little athletes understand approve the tiny teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the huge aunts criticize discourage the small singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the happy boys encourage understand the sad uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge men that the old carpenters engage inspire the small singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful men that the miserable carpenters engage know the large singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad men that the joyful carpenters understand encourage the small poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The small men that the old doctors approve discourage the happy girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the miserable doctors confuse approve the old lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the ecstatic doctors know confuse the huge victims	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the ecstatic doctors observe know the small mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful men that the huge doctors stimulate admire the miserable fathers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the large farmers greet avoid the huge aunts	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the little fathers admire stimulate the happy women	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the miserable fathers avoid remember the tiny boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the happy friends criticize observe the sad boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that the big friends engage inspire the small teachers	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the young girls admire avoid the old athletes	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big men that the tiny girls discourage engage the large friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad men that the happy girls discourage remember the ecstatic uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the large girls engage confuse the huge athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge men that the sad girls engage inspire the large teachers	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the sad girls inspire understand the large singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny men that the small girls understand greet the old doctors	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the sad guys criticize confuse the big fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the joyful guys encourage inspire the small carpenters	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The huge men that the joyful guys greet stimulate the young uncles	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the tiny guys know greet the joyful friends	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objrel_that_adj	The tiny men that the joyful guys stimulate criticize the old victims	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the tiny kids approve discourage the little singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge men that the joyful lawyers avoid criticize the happy fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the large lawyers know remember the joyful teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the young mothers admire criticize the large victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little men that the miserable mothers engage avoid the sad guys	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the old mothers engage encourage the joyful women	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the big singers criticize remember the young farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little men that the tiny singers know engage the sad guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the huge teachers encourage understand the joyful uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that the big teachers know understand the little singers	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny men that the small teachers observe confuse the miserable girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad men that the joyful teachers remember discourage the large boys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad men that the happy teachers remember observe the young doctors	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young men that the happy uncles admire discourage the tiny athletes	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large men that the small uncles criticize confuse the sad farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large men that the huge victims inspire observe the young kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny men that the large victims observe understand the small mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel_that_adj	The small men that the little women admire stimulate the young guys	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful men that the tiny women approve know the young teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small men that the miserable women encourage approve the sad farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the ecstatic women observe engage the joyful fathers	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big men that the tiny women stimulate inspire the little victims	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that the small athletes encourage know the big uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small mothers that the sad athletes engage confuse the happy lawyers	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the young aunts stimulate engage the huge carpenters	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the big boys approve stimulate the ecstatic women	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The small mothers that the happy carpenters criticize inspire the miserable girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the joyful carpenters encourage understand the little girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the happy carpenters inspire know the little athletes	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that the joyful carpenters remember observe the big kids	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objrel_that_adj	The little mothers that the joyful doctors avoid engage the miserable victims	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the tiny doctors avoid know the small girls	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the small doctors avoid know the joyful guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the small doctors encourage confuse the old carpenters	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the small doctors encourage confuse the young uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the young doctors stimulate remember the old singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that the large farmers greet avoid the joyful fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the miserable farmers observe confuse the old uncles	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the big fathers know remember the tiny kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the happy friends encourage avoid the large singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the little friends engage greet the huge lawyers	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the miserable friends understand admire the huge boys	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the old girls admire understand the tiny farmers	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that the tiny girls approve criticize the young aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the miserable girls approve understand the sad farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that the big girls confuse inspire the ecstatic friends	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small mothers that the large girls remember stimulate the tiny aunts	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little mothers that the old girls stimulate approve the happy farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that the big girls stimulate greet the sad lawyers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the joyful guys criticize stimulate the large victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the happy guys remember criticize the sad men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that the young guys stimulate inspire the huge athletes	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little mothers that the happy kids discourage avoid the joyful athletes	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little mothers that the ecstatic kids discourage avoid the joyful aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the old kids encourage discourage the sad boys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the sad kids remember know the large fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the small lawyers observe approve the old uncles	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the ecstatic lawyers understand greet the small farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the huge men admire understand the old teachers	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the big poets approve admire the sad girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the tiny poets approve observe the big women	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the large poets avoid engage the joyful guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that the sad poets criticize encourage the young victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the large poets encourage remember the miserable friends	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the tiny poets greet approve the young lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the small singers approve know the ecstatic guys	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the huge singers greet inspire the large athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the huge singers remember admire the tiny fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little mothers that the huge victims admire greet the old lawyers	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the miserable victims criticize encourage the small boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that the huge victims engage confuse the ecstatic aunts	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small mothers that the huge victims inspire engage the sad singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little mothers that the old victims understand engage the small kids	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the sad women admire encourage the old boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the young women approve observe the sad farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that the huge women avoid know the large men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the old women remember confuse the huge teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that the tiny athletes admire remember the miserable teachers	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the tiny athletes greet approve the ecstatic farmers	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that the huge athletes observe remember the old singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that the miserable aunts confuse discourage the happy girls	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that the tiny aunts greet avoid the ecstatic men	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that the old boys criticize encourage the big victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the large boys greet engage the huge kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the big carpenters inspire confuse the young girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the joyful carpenters inspire greet the happy women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge poets that the little carpenters observe confuse the happy aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge poets that the miserable carpenters observe inspire the small victims	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big poets that the small doctors know approve the large carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that the ecstatic doctors stimulate engage the joyful uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that the old farmers approve remember the huge lawyers	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that the big farmers discourage understand the sad victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the ecstatic fathers confuse admire the huge athletes	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the joyful fathers confuse approve the large boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the old fathers criticize approve the young men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad poets that the tiny fathers criticize greet the small farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that the huge fathers know observe the ecstatic girls	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that the young friends approve greet the huge men	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge poets that the ecstatic friends stimulate discourage the joyful farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that the young girls confuse know the big guys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad poets that the ecstatic guys approve admire the large lawyers	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big poets that the joyful guys greet know the happy athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old poets that the small guys remember avoid the miserable men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the sad guys understand stimulate the old teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big poets that the happy kids confuse observe the miserable mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad poets that the huge kids engage avoid the young friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the young kids understand greet the little teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the sad lawyers engage inspire the tiny victims	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the joyful lawyers remember avoid the little athletes	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that the tiny men approve avoid the huge carpenters	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little poets that the small men discourage avoid the joyful athletes	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the old men know admire the sad farmers	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the big men know understand the large teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that the sad men stimulate approve the little carpenters	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the big men stimulate encourage the tiny carpenters	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that the large mothers avoid confuse the miserable aunts	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad poets that the tiny mothers greet observe the young aunts	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the tiny mothers observe stimulate the huge aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad poets that the little singers confuse discourage the joyful carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that the ecstatic singers understand approve the joyful victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the ecstatic teachers discourage criticize the small uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the sad teachers greet encourage the tiny guys	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the young victims criticize know the large fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad poets that the tiny victims discourage remember the little friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that the little victims encourage inspire the happy lawyers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the joyful victims engage confuse the happy mothers	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the joyful victims observe criticize the sad uncles	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the sad victims understand observe the big boys	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel_that_adj	The little poets that the sad women remember admire the small friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge singers that the joyful athletes discourage engage the happy farmers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy singers that the small boys admire encourage the miserable victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young singers that the happy boys understand admire the little teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that the big boys understand know the huge mothers	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that the little farmers avoid remember the joyful women	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that the huge farmers confuse understand the happy carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the ecstatic farmers criticize remember the young aunts	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The big singers that the ecstatic farmers greet understand the little uncles	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big singers that the joyful fathers confuse criticize the large teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that the ecstatic fathers discourage greet the sad guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that the sad fathers know criticize the joyful lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that the joyful fathers remember understand the happy carpenters	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that the big friends avoid admire the little aunts	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old singers that the small friends criticize discourage the large poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young singers that the joyful friends observe greet the little boys	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the huge friends stimulate know the miserable fathers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that the old girls criticize know the happy poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy singers that the tiny guys observe avoid the old poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that the big lawyers confuse remember the young boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy singers that the large lawyers stimulate discourage the huge doctors	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that the sad men confuse observe the little kids	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy singers that the big men greet avoid the small doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the tiny mothers admire inspire the old kids	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little singers that the big mothers approve observe the ecstatic carpenters	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old singers that the huge poets admire engage the tiny kids	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy singers that the young poets admire observe the joyful guys	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that the huge teachers discourage engage the sad boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old singers that the sad teachers greet encourage the ecstatic women	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad singers that the large teachers know stimulate the happy athletes	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young singers that the big uncles stimulate criticize the sad athletes	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young singers that the sad uncles understand know the miserable doctors	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad singers that the huge victims engage approve the miserable teachers	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad singers that the joyful victims inspire confuse the miserable lawyers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the old victims observe understand the miserable mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the large women admire avoid the miserable farmers	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that the miserable women greet admire the huge guys	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that the young aunts discourage observe the huge athletes	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that the huge aunts encourage know the large farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that the happy aunts observe stimulate the little girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that the tiny boys remember approve the small kids	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the miserable boys stimulate know the ecstatic guys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that the young carpenters inspire avoid the tiny girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the large carpenters know confuse the huge guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the miserable carpenters observe discourage the young men	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that the big carpenters understand know the tiny friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large teachers that the big doctors greet admire the huge carpenters	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that the ecstatic doctors greet admire the little women	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the large farmers criticize remember the happy fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that the big farmers know remember the young kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young teachers that the happy farmers observe criticize the little kids	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that the happy farmers understand engage the young uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that the large fathers avoid inspire the sad men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that the huge girls confuse avoid the happy lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young teachers that the small girls discourage criticize the miserable men	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that the small girls encourage stimulate the old lawyers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that the joyful girls greet engage the large doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the big girls inspire greet the large friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The small teachers that the joyful girls understand admire the happy poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large teachers that the ecstatic guys confuse stimulate the happy singers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young teachers that the big guys understand engage the small friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that the miserable kids greet inspire the big victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the small lawyers avoid inspire the huge friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big teachers that the old men encourage confuse the young victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that the small men know confuse the large uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that the big mothers confuse engage the large girls	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the tiny poets know confuse the old friends	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that the sad poets remember understand the huge guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the old singers confuse admire the small doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that the young uncles approve remember the small friends	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young teachers that the old uncles engage admire the big women	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the happy victims confuse greet the huge girls	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the miserable victims criticize confuse the old women	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the big victims discourage stimulate the tiny women	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that the little victims know discourage the large friends	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that the large athletes discourage understand the little carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large uncles that the tiny athletes stimulate discourage the big lawyers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large uncles that the miserable aunts criticize stimulate the young doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the tiny aunts inspire understand the big teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large uncles that the small aunts know criticize the tiny kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that the joyful aunts understand admire the sad boys	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little uncles that the young boys discourage observe the happy athletes	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that the big boys stimulate encourage the small poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the joyful boys stimulate greet the large victims	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the young boys understand observe the tiny carpenters	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old uncles that the happy carpenters engage approve the big poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the ecstatic doctors know discourage the big men	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that the young doctors remember know the huge aunts	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little uncles that the young doctors stimulate greet the large lawyers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young uncles that the joyful fathers stimulate understand the sad singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the young friends engage approve the sad athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that the small friends engage discourage the big fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the tiny girls inspire understand the big kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the happy girls stimulate encourage the huge singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the huge guys inspire avoid the sad athletes	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the tiny guys inspire confuse the old women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the tiny kids avoid greet the huge carpenters	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large uncles that the big kids confuse encourage the miserable mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The old uncles that the little kids remember understand the huge friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the happy kids understand inspire the little mothers	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that the large lawyers discourage admire the big kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large uncles that the happy lawyers inspire stimulate the joyful poets	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that the ecstatic lawyers stimulate greet the joyful girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that the old lawyers stimulate observe the ecstatic boys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that the little men know approve the huge singers	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that the tiny men observe stimulate the old victims	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The small uncles that the old mothers discourage know the tiny singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that the tiny mothers discourage stimulate the miserable lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young uncles that the huge mothers discourage understand the big girls	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that the sad poets admire inspire the big fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that the large poets encourage confuse the sad athletes	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small uncles that the happy singers admire stimulate the large mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large uncles that the sad singers understand remember the happy kids	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the big teachers encourage confuse the ecstatic aunts	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the little victims approve greet the sad women	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel_that_adj	The small uncles that the tiny victims avoid confuse the young men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that the small victims criticize inspire the big doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little uncles that the ecstatic victims encourage discourage the miserable athletes	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the miserable victims understand discourage the sad poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young uncles that the old women approve confuse the big aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that the ecstatic women encourage approve the joyful singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young uncles that the sad women inspire know the big aunts	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small uncles that the huge women know understand the big girls	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the small athletes criticize encourage the happy uncles	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that the huge athletes criticize engage the little friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the big athletes inspire know the tiny friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the ecstatic athletes know observe the young farmers	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the sad athletes observe approve the huge doctors	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the miserable aunts engage discourage the little lawyers	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the young aunts observe understand the ecstatic singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the small boys approve inspire the old singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the sad boys observe approve the small women	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that the old boys understand greet the sad lawyers	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the happy boys understand observe the old guys	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the happy carpenters avoid know the sad friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the happy carpenters encourage observe the sad aunts	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the ecstatic carpenters engage remember the small athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the huge carpenters observe know the miserable doctors	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad victims that the joyful doctors encourage understand the large friends	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the small doctors inspire discourage the little poets	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the huge farmers know inspire the tiny men	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little victims that the small farmers stimulate inspire the joyful aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small victims that the tiny fathers confuse discourage the happy lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little victims that the small fathers engage encourage the ecstatic doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the big fathers understand admire the miserable mothers	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the small friends admire observe the big lawyers	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that the joyful friends remember discourage the miserable kids	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that the joyful friends stimulate criticize the huge kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little victims that the young girls avoid approve the sad fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the tiny girls avoid greet the old fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the ecstatic girls confuse know the huge guys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that the old girls encourage inspire the huge kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the miserable girls engage remember the big aunts	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the joyful girls greet know the old teachers	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the ecstatic guys greet criticize the young uncles	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the young guys understand observe the ecstatic athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the miserable kids criticize inspire the little boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the joyful kids criticize stimulate the small poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the small lawyers approve admire the sad singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the small lawyers stimulate greet the happy boys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad victims that the joyful lawyers understand greet the happy uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that the young men criticize confuse the large mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the young men criticize inspire the big women	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that the little men engage discourage the tiny fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the huge men greet admire the sad kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the little men understand approve the small aunts	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that the huge mothers avoid stimulate the big singers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge victims that the big mothers discourage avoid the tiny poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that the large mothers know observe the huge friends	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad victims that the old mothers stimulate approve the big aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad victims that the young mothers stimulate encourage the little carpenters	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the large mothers stimulate observe the tiny poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the old poets engage understand the ecstatic fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the small poets greet confuse the tiny doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the sad poets inspire discourage the miserable boys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the young poets observe avoid the big singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little victims that the sad poets stimulate encourage the ecstatic women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the happy singers confuse understand the young kids	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel_that_adj	The little victims that the old singers engage confuse the tiny uncles	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge victims that the little singers know admire the big mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that the joyful singers stimulate criticize the little women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small victims that the miserable teachers admire encourage the sad girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad victims that the little teachers confuse discourage the joyful women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the small teachers confuse remember the large uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the joyful teachers engage avoid the little carpenters	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that the joyful teachers greet remember the large athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that the huge teachers observe greet the big carpenters	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the big uncles approve engage the little carpenters	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the sad uncles avoid stimulate the tiny fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the miserable women criticize understand the joyful carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad victims that the joyful women remember know the happy aunts	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young women that the big athletes avoid encourage the joyful boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that the old athletes confuse inspire the miserable poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little women that the small athletes criticize confuse the happy teachers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad women that the joyful athletes discourage stimulate the large singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the young athletes stimulate discourage the little carpenters	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge women that the happy boys observe inspire the joyful guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small women that the old boys remember approve the miserable girls	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the big carpenters confuse inspire the small boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the miserable carpenters confuse inspire the happy teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the small carpenters stimulate greet the tiny fathers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the sad doctors avoid understand the large mothers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge women that the big doctors greet approve the joyful fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young women that the joyful doctors remember admire the ecstatic guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little women that the large farmers encourage greet the small fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the miserable farmers know greet the old guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little women that the sad farmers remember know the big girls	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big women that the happy fathers observe encourage the ecstatic friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful women that the huge fathers understand discourage the big lawyers	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable women that the ecstatic friends greet inspire the tiny kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the large friends greet know the young men	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little women that the joyful girls admire stimulate the large farmers	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the joyful girls avoid greet the small lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objrel_that_adj	The small women that the little girls confuse approve the large doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful women that the miserable girls discourage approve the little athletes	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge women that the joyful girls engage confuse the sad athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the ecstatic girls remember admire the old teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable women that the large guys understand engage the sad singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young women that the happy kids confuse engage the miserable teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that the joyful kids inspire stimulate the happy poets	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful women that the little kids know observe the young doctors	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the happy lawyers avoid understand the big farmers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the old lawyers criticize discourage the tiny boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small women that the joyful lawyers greet know the little uncles	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the joyful lawyers know encourage the small friends	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big women that the little men approve admire the ecstatic mothers	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big women that the sad men greet stimulate the miserable poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young women that the old mothers approve stimulate the tiny teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable women that the big mothers inspire remember the old kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The small women that the big poets criticize understand the ecstatic farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objrel_that_adj	The little women that the big poets observe remember the small farmers	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable women that the old singers approve engage the tiny mothers	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the miserable singers inspire greet the tiny carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the small singers observe confuse the joyful mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the big teachers avoid encourage the sad guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy women that the joyful teachers criticize greet the huge mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young women that the big teachers discourage confuse the large fathers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the happy teachers greet engage the old fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little women that the big teachers observe know the huge kids	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable women that the ecstatic uncles criticize admire the huge singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objrel_that_adj	The sad women that the tiny uncles know discourage the joyful men	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the miserable uncles stimulate criticize the happy boys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the joyful victims avoid encourage the large uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that the large victims inspire confuse the happy uncles	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that the tiny victims remember discourage the old lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
