objdep_objrel_that	The athlete admires the doctor that the man greets	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete admires the doctor that the mother greets	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete admires the farmer that the carpenter approves	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete admires the guy that the poet engages	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete admires the singer that the man stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete admires the woman that the doctor stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete approves the carpenter that the lawyer encourages	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete approves the carpenter that the singer confuses	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete approves the lawyer that the poet avoids	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete approves the man that the teacher avoids	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete approves the singer that the mother admires	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the boy that the woman understands	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the doctor that the woman admires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the poet that the doctor knows	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the singer that the woman remembers	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete confuses the lawyer that the guy knows	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete confuses the poet that the farmer approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete discourages the boy that the doctor confuses	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete discourages the guy that the farmer knows	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete discourages the teacher that the aunt inspires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete encourages the guy that the farmer admires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the carpenter that the victim observes	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the poet that the boy encourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the uncle that the friend observes	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the victim that the farmer greets	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the kid that the uncle knows	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the lawyer that the uncle engages	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the man that the singer inspires	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the poet that the teacher avoids	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete inspires the carpenter that the doctor approves	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete inspires the doctor that the girl engages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete inspires the friend that the man encourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete inspires the girl that the boy admires	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete inspires the guy that the father understands	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete inspires the kid that the teacher greets	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete inspires the teacher that the kid admires	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete knows the carpenter that the boy confuses	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete knows the doctor that the victim engages	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete knows the father that the victim understands	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete knows the kid that the mother observes	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete knows the victim that the woman admires	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the friend that the girl knows	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the lawyer that the woman understands	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the victim that the uncle knows	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete remembers the girl that the carpenter inspires	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete remembers the man that the girl engages	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the doctor that the aunt criticizes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the farmer that the father criticizes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the teacher that the singer greets	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete understands the mother that the kid confuses	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete understands the woman that the father confuses	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt admires the girl that the victim knows	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt admires the poet that the kid stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt admires the woman that the lawyer stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt approves the victim that the lawyer understands	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt avoids the man that the doctor knows	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt avoids the man that the mother understands	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt avoids the singer that the mother criticizes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt avoids the victim that the uncle knows	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt confuses the athlete that the carpenter engages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt confuses the father that the boy engages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt confuses the father that the man criticizes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt confuses the father that the man remembers	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt confuses the girl that the farmer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt confuses the uncle that the mother engages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt confuses the victim that the lawyer understands	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt criticizes the father that the man admires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt criticizes the guy that the doctor encourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt criticizes the lawyer that the farmer encourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt criticizes the singer that the man admires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt criticizes the singer that the teacher admires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt criticizes the uncle that the boy avoids	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the man that the friend encourages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the singer that the farmer admires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the boy that the singer approves	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the carpenter that the girl approves	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the friend that the mother knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the lawyer that the victim remembers	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the mother that the guy criticizes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the poet that the woman avoids	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt engages the athlete that the farmer observes	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt engages the guy that the girl admires	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt engages the teacher that the boy understands	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt engages the uncle that the carpenter stimulates	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt engages the victim that the mother approves	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt inspires the carpenter that the lawyer understands	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt inspires the doctor that the woman admires	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt inspires the lawyer that the farmer confuses	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt observes the poet that the uncle admires	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt observes the singer that the victim confuses	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt observes the woman that the doctor discourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt remembers the carpenter that the doctor understands	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt remembers the friend that the man confuses	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt remembers the guy that the friend criticizes	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt remembers the uncle that the lawyer knows	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt stimulates the doctor that the lawyer inspires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt stimulates the man that the lawyer knows	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt stimulates the mother that the boy inspires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt understands the boy that the girl admires	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt understands the farmer that the doctor avoids	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt understands the girl that the teacher observes	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The boy admires the farmer that the friend criticizes	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boy admires the girl that the doctor confuses	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The boy admires the poet that the mother remembers	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The boy admires the teacher that the singer greets	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The boy approves the friend that the farmer inspires	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The boy approves the singer that the uncle stimulates	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boy avoids the friend that the man knows	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boy avoids the victim that the girl encourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boy avoids the woman that the singer greets	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The boy confuses the kid that the victim understands	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The boy criticizes the athlete that the singer knows	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boy criticizes the poet that the athlete avoids	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The boy criticizes the victim that the uncle knows	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boy discourages the athlete that the singer encourages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boy discourages the girl that the aunt encourages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boy discourages the poet that the uncle remembers	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The boy discourages the singer that the mother observes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The boy encourages the father that the singer observes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The boy engages the friend that the doctor greets	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The boy engages the singer that the girl knows	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boy engages the teacher that the poet confuses	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The boy engages the woman that the girl approves	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The boy greets the carpenter that the friend understands	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The boy greets the poet that the farmer observes	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The boy greets the singer that the poet criticizes	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boy inspires the carpenter that the farmer remembers	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The boy inspires the farmer that the man greets	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The boy inspires the kid that the man remembers	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The boy inspires the singer that the athlete stimulates	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boy knows the mother that the singer avoids	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The boy observes the kid that the girl inspires	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The boy observes the lawyer that the carpenter understands	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The boy observes the lawyer that the friend admires	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The boy remembers the victim that the athlete approves	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The boy stimulates the athlete that the farmer admires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The boy stimulates the aunt that the woman knows	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boy stimulates the carpenter that the aunt criticizes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boy stimulates the farmer that the aunt observes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The boy stimulates the girl that the poet admires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The boy stimulates the guy that the victim knows	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boy stimulates the lawyer that the father discourages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boy stimulates the mother that the friend greets	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The boy understands the athlete that the aunt avoids	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The boy understands the lawyer that the singer observes	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The boy understands the poet that the victim encourages	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boy understands the teacher that the poet greets	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the athlete that the victim remembers	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the kid that the boy remembers	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the victim that the teacher engages	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the kid that the doctor remembers	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the man that the uncle stimulates	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the victim that the teacher observes	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the athlete that the friend stimulates	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the athlete that the victim inspires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the poet that the singer discourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the uncle that the mother admires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the friend that the poet observes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the girl that the lawyer approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the teacher that the man remembers	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the uncle that the father admires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the woman that the singer inspires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter criticizes the aunt that the athlete confuses	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter criticizes the guy that the mother encourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter criticizes the woman that the lawyer greets	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter discourages the poet that the singer approves	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter encourages the girl that the guy knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter encourages the kid that the guy approves	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter encourages the woman that the lawyer approves	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter engages the man that the singer discourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter engages the poet that the boy criticizes	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter engages the uncle that the girl understands	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter engages the uncle that the guy observes	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter greets the father that the uncle criticizes	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter greets the poet that the father inspires	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter greets the teacher that the farmer discourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter greets the teacher that the friend confuses	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter inspires the aunt that the athlete stimulates	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter inspires the aunt that the farmer admires	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter inspires the aunt that the woman admires	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter inspires the friend that the mother confuses	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter inspires the girl that the uncle discourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter inspires the teacher that the aunt encourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter inspires the teacher that the farmer encourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter inspires the victim that the friend avoids	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter knows the athlete that the boy confuses	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter knows the farmer that the singer understands	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter knows the kid that the poet observes	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter observes the mother that the lawyer admires	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter observes the mother that the lawyer remembers	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter observes the victim that the father knows	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the guy that the uncle remembers	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the guy that the woman discourages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the teacher that the victim criticizes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the victim that the mother knows	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the mother that the aunt avoids	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the uncle that the aunt confuses	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor admires the lawyer that the woman observes	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor admires the singer that the friend understands	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the aunt that the boy discourages	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the girl that the aunt greets	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the girl that the father admires	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the man that the kid remembers	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the singer that the man discourages	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the carpenter that the father knows	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the farmer that the uncle admires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the mother that the aunt admires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the mother that the man observes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the woman that the father remembers	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor confuses the friend that the woman engages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor criticizes the aunt that the teacher observes	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor criticizes the man that the singer approves	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor criticizes the man that the victim admires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor discourages the teacher that the boy understands	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor encourages the farmer that the athlete greets	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor encourages the kid that the teacher inspires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor engages the kid that the mother inspires	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor engages the man that the aunt avoids	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor engages the teacher that the boy discourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor greets the guy that the man understands	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor greets the mother that the boy observes	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor greets the poet that the kid engages	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the athlete that the singer remembers	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the aunt that the carpenter stimulates	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the aunt that the friend greets	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the aunt that the victim encourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the father that the boy observes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the uncle that the farmer admires	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor knows the farmer that the girl criticizes	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor observes the carpenter that the guy stimulates	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor observes the friend that the farmer engages	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor observes the girl that the aunt approves	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor observes the teacher that the guy confuses	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor observes the woman that the man greets	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor remembers the aunt that the friend knows	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor remembers the carpenter that the lawyer approves	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor remembers the guy that the aunt admires	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor stimulates the friend that the man discourages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor stimulates the kid that the farmer admires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor stimulates the singer that the aunt greets	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor stimulates the woman that the man knows	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor understands the kid that the father engages	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor understands the kid that the guy knows	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor understands the man that the lawyer approves	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer admires the boy that the singer approves	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer admires the carpenter that the woman criticizes	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer admires the victim that the friend discourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer admires the woman that the uncle greets	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the boy that the athlete avoids	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the friend that the doctor confuses	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the guy that the man engages	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the poet that the teacher discourages	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the poet that the woman confuses	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer avoids the athlete that the father confuses	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer avoids the kid that the aunt encourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer avoids the teacher that the carpenter criticizes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer confuses the boy that the woman knows	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer confuses the friend that the woman admires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer criticizes the boy that the lawyer remembers	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer criticizes the carpenter that the father approves	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer criticizes the doctor that the poet inspires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer criticizes the man that the uncle understands	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer criticizes the victim that the lawyer avoids	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer discourages the athlete that the friend inspires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer discourages the boy that the doctor understands	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer discourages the carpenter that the athlete inspires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer discourages the lawyer that the teacher understands	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the carpenter that the victim greets	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the friend that the aunt admires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the friend that the teacher criticizes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the mother that the doctor knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the mother that the girl observes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the poet that the singer remembers	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer engages the friend that the uncle knows	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer engages the girl that the friend observes	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer engages the man that the father approves	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the athlete that the teacher engages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the boy that the doctor observes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the man that the guy greets	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the mother that the girl knows	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the uncle that the boy greets	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the uncle that the lawyer greets	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer knows the athlete that the singer avoids	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer knows the friend that the aunt discourages	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer knows the friend that the singer remembers	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer knows the man that the victim admires	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer knows the poet that the mother stimulates	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer knows the victim that the singer discourages	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer knows the woman that the girl engages	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer observes the girl that the teacher criticizes	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer remembers the poet that the woman admires	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer remembers the uncle that the poet avoids	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer stimulates the doctor that the girl confuses	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer stimulates the man that the poet knows	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer stimulates the mother that the guy criticizes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer stimulates the poet that the aunt encourages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer stimulates the poet that the boy approves	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer stimulates the woman that the victim greets	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer understands the doctor that the friend inspires	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer understands the friend that the father criticizes	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer understands the girl that the uncle observes	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer understands the man that the girl approves	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer understands the woman that the girl admires	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The father admires the boy that the victim stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The father admires the carpenter that the farmer discourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The father admires the farmer that the aunt inspires	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The father admires the kid that the man encourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The father admires the poet that the athlete confuses	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The father approves the athlete that the carpenter knows	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that	The father approves the boy that the carpenter admires	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The father approves the carpenter that the girl knows	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that	The father avoids the carpenter that the guy approves	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The father avoids the singer that the lawyer understands	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The father avoids the victim that the girl admires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The father confuses the athlete that the poet encourages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The father confuses the guy that the victim understands	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The father confuses the kid that the poet greets	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The father confuses the victim that the guy inspires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The father criticizes the man that the boy greets	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The father criticizes the woman that the farmer greets	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The father discourages the boy that the athlete encourages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The father encourages the athlete that the lawyer knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The father encourages the aunt that the boy avoids	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The father encourages the aunt that the girl knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The father encourages the carpenter that the doctor admires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The father encourages the kid that the poet stimulates	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The father encourages the lawyer that the friend understands	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The father encourages the man that the athlete discourages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The father encourages the teacher that the kid stimulates	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The father engages the farmer that the athlete remembers	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The father engages the farmer that the teacher inspires	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The father engages the uncle that the aunt understands	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The father greets the aunt that the singer confuses	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The father greets the doctor that the farmer knows	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that	The father greets the singer that the carpenter confuses	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The father greets the woman that the kid approves	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The father inspires the carpenter that the doctor understands	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The father inspires the man that the victim discourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the boy that the lawyer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the carpenter that the aunt remembers	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the friend that the singer engages	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the guy that the victim engages	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the teacher that the girl admires	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the teacher that the kid engages	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The father observes the boy that the guy knows	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objdep_objrel_that	The father observes the mother that the friend inspires	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The father observes the mother that the singer stimulates	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The father observes the victim that the guy knows	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objdep_objrel_that	The father remembers the guy that the athlete admires	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The father remembers the poet that the doctor discourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The father remembers the poet that the teacher observes	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The father remembers the victim that the carpenter stimulates	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The father remembers the woman that the kid stimulates	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The father stimulates the aunt that the guy approves	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The father stimulates the girl that the singer understands	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The father stimulates the kid that the singer encourages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the man that the carpenter remembers	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the uncle that the poet discourages	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend admires the carpenter that the boy inspires	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The friend admires the victim that the mother avoids	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The friend approves the singer that the boy greets	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The friend approves the teacher that the man observes	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The friend avoids the aunt that the victim admires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The friend avoids the poet that the uncle remembers	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The friend confuses the carpenter that the victim observes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The friend confuses the guy that the doctor approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The friend confuses the teacher that the girl avoids	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The friend confuses the uncle that the poet approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The friend criticizes the aunt that the kid avoids	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The friend criticizes the carpenter that the girl stimulates	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The friend criticizes the doctor that the boy confuses	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friend criticizes the man that the father knows	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that	The friend criticizes the man that the kid confuses	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friend criticizes the man that the poet engages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend criticizes the mother that the poet approves	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The friend discourages the singer that the poet avoids	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The friend encourages the aunt that the kid confuses	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friend encourages the father that the poet criticizes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The friend encourages the father that the woman criticizes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The friend encourages the man that the singer engages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend encourages the man that the uncle observes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The friend encourages the man that the woman confuses	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friend encourages the uncle that the man remembers	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The friend engages the mother that the doctor admires	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The friend engages the victim that the poet encourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend inspires the lawyer that the poet stimulates	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The friend inspires the man that the woman understands	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The friend inspires the mother that the athlete greets	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The friend inspires the poet that the girl engages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend inspires the uncle that the boy stimulates	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The friend knows the father that the athlete inspires	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The friend knows the father that the girl encourages	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend knows the man that the victim greets	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The friend knows the singer that the father confuses	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friend knows the teacher that the uncle engages	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend observes the athlete that the guy inspires	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The friend observes the boy that the mother encourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend observes the doctor that the uncle inspires	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The friend observes the girl that the aunt encourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend observes the kid that the teacher confuses	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friend observes the mother that the victim engages	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend observes the woman that the lawyer engages	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend remembers the woman that the uncle admires	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The friend stimulates the poet that the carpenter discourages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend understands the kid that the boy encourages	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend understands the poet that the farmer confuses	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The girl admires the mother that the doctor encourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl admires the mother that the poet criticizes	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The girl approves the poet that the guy observes	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The girl approves the victim that the poet confuses	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The girl avoids the farmer that the guy engages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl avoids the friend that the doctor stimulates	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The girl avoids the guy that the doctor knows	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that	The girl confuses the boy that the athlete understands	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The girl confuses the guy that the kid observes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The girl confuses the kid that the friend avoids	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The girl confuses the man that the carpenter greets	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The girl confuses the uncle that the teacher inspires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The girl criticizes the lawyer that the athlete engages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl criticizes the woman that the carpenter greets	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The girl discourages the boy that the victim stimulates	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The girl discourages the farmer that the mother avoids	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The girl discourages the father that the mother encourages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl discourages the kid that the guy observes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The girl discourages the lawyer that the boy stimulates	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The girl discourages the poet that the singer knows	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The girl discourages the teacher that the farmer admires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girl discourages the uncle that the carpenter admires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girl encourages the friend that the man avoids	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The girl engages the friend that the kid stimulates	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The girl engages the man that the victim discourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl engages the mother that the victim admires	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the boy that the carpenter knows	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the farmer that the friend inspires	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the lawyer that the teacher stimulates	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the man that the woman discourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl inspires the aunt that the singer confuses	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The girl inspires the farmer that the aunt criticizes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The girl inspires the singer that the aunt understands	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The girl inspires the uncle that the guy discourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl knows the farmer that the singer inspires	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The girl knows the father that the boy engages	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl observes the carpenter that the man inspires	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The girl observes the victim that the kid discourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl remembers the aunt that the boy greets	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The girl remembers the aunt that the uncle criticizes	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The girl remembers the carpenter that the kid criticizes	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The girl remembers the farmer that the kid understands	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The girl stimulates the aunt that the kid observes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The girl stimulates the boy that the athlete remembers	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The girl stimulates the farmer that the father knows	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The girl understands the friend that the athlete knows	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that	The guy admires the athlete that the man criticizes	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The guy admires the farmer that the poet confuses	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guy admires the woman that the carpenter stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The guy approves the boy that the farmer confuses	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guy approves the teacher that the poet encourages	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy approves the uncle that the lawyer encourages	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy approves the woman that the lawyer confuses	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guy avoids the aunt that the mother discourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy avoids the carpenter that the athlete inspires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The guy avoids the carpenter that the father engages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy avoids the lawyer that the boy remembers	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guy avoids the man that the singer greets	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The guy avoids the teacher that the aunt observes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The guy confuses the father that the lawyer admires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The guy confuses the singer that the boy engages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy confuses the victim that the mother greets	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The guy criticizes the doctor that the man stimulates	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The guy criticizes the teacher that the singer confuses	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guy discourages the athlete that the lawyer approves	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The guy discourages the doctor that the teacher stimulates	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The guy discourages the friend that the girl observes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The guy discourages the friend that the lawyer knows	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The guy discourages the lawyer that the carpenter avoids	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The guy discourages the mother that the teacher greets	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The guy encourages the aunt that the mother discourages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy encourages the father that the man knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The guy encourages the kid that the girl understands	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The guy encourages the teacher that the mother inspires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The guy encourages the uncle that the carpenter knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The guy encourages the victim that the father inspires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The guy engages the doctor that the man greets	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The guy greets the carpenter that the father confuses	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guy greets the poet that the carpenter criticizes	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the athlete that the poet remembers	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the singer that the doctor observes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the woman that the poet engages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the woman that the poet remembers	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guy knows the carpenter that the girl confuses	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guy knows the poet that the aunt approves	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The guy observes the aunt that the uncle remembers	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guy observes the doctor that the teacher stimulates	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The guy observes the lawyer that the woman approves	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The guy observes the man that the poet greets	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The guy remembers the athlete that the mother understands	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The guy remembers the boy that the singer knows	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that	The guy remembers the carpenter that the friend engages	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy remembers the doctor that the woman criticizes	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The guy remembers the teacher that the girl engages	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the aunt that the doctor greets	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the boy that the carpenter knows	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the friend that the carpenter approves	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The guy understands the boy that the man approves	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The guy understands the doctor that the mother stimulates	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The guy understands the father that the man encourages	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy understands the man that the mother greets	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the carpenter that the father observes	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the carpenter that the friend observes	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the lawyer that the guy greets	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the poet that the boy stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the poet that the singer inspires	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid approves the teacher that the uncle observes	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kid approves the uncle that the girl encourages	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kid avoids the aunt that the doctor criticizes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The kid avoids the girl that the father understands	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The kid avoids the teacher that the friend knows	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that	The kid avoids the teacher that the girl admires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid confuses the boy that the mother understands	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The kid confuses the carpenter that the guy criticizes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The kid criticizes the girl that the man stimulates	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The kid discourages the mother that the lawyer encourages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kid encourages the athlete that the girl understands	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The kid encourages the carpenter that the uncle avoids	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kid encourages the father that the man admires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid encourages the girl that the friend inspires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid encourages the man that the father inspires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid engages the lawyer that the victim approves	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The kid engages the mother that the poet knows	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The kid engages the singer that the uncle stimulates	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The kid greets the aunt that the friend confuses	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The kid greets the doctor that the father engages	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The kid greets the victim that the father criticizes	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The kid greets the victim that the guy encourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kid inspires the athlete that the carpenter avoids	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kid inspires the aunt that the doctor approves	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The kid inspires the farmer that the friend admires	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid inspires the man that the victim stimulates	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The kid inspires the uncle that the athlete encourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kid knows the aunt that the athlete inspires	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid knows the teacher that the girl observes	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kid knows the uncle that the friend encourages	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kid observes the carpenter that the uncle understands	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The kid observes the teacher that the farmer understands	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The kid observes the uncle that the singer avoids	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kid remembers the aunt that the victim avoids	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kid remembers the father that the carpenter inspires	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid remembers the mother that the aunt knows	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that	The kid remembers the poet that the man approves	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The kid stimulates the athlete that the aunt engages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The kid stimulates the carpenter that the victim confuses	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The kid stimulates the friend that the lawyer knows	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer admires the aunt that the doctor stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer admires the carpenter that the kid discourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer admires the friend that the aunt understands	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer admires the friend that the farmer understands	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer admires the girl that the farmer approves	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer admires the girl that the poet observes	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer admires the kid that the victim confuses	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer admires the man that the father inspires	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer approves the athlete that the friend engages	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer approves the athlete that the mother knows	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer approves the father that the athlete inspires	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the friend that the guy admires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the girl that the mother remembers	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the mother that the boy understands	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the teacher that the victim knows	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the woman that the athlete observes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer confuses the aunt that the doctor remembers	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer confuses the kid that the farmer encourages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer confuses the poet that the father approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer confuses the teacher that the girl avoids	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer confuses the woman that the boy stimulates	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer criticizes the aunt that the victim stimulates	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer criticizes the girl that the uncle discourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer criticizes the girl that the uncle understands	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer criticizes the poet that the farmer discourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the aunt that the farmer admires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the singer that the doctor criticizes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the singer that the farmer admires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the uncle that the girl criticizes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the woman that the teacher encourages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer encourages the aunt that the mother discourages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer encourages the girl that the teacher criticizes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer encourages the girl that the uncle confuses	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer engages the aunt that the singer understands	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer engages the guy that the poet avoids	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer engages the mother that the poet confuses	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer greets the athlete that the girl stimulates	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer greets the doctor that the athlete stimulates	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer greets the guy that the carpenter engages	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer greets the mother that the kid confuses	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer greets the teacher that the guy approves	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer greets the uncle that the teacher observes	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer inspires the doctor that the uncle stimulates	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer inspires the mother that the boy encourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer inspires the teacher that the doctor stimulates	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer observes the athlete that the woman confuses	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer observes the doctor that the athlete approves	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer observes the kid that the friend engages	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer observes the kid that the uncle understands	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer observes the singer that the carpenter criticizes	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer remembers the poet that the guy criticizes	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer stimulates the aunt that the father knows	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer stimulates the farmer that the aunt avoids	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer understands the girl that the farmer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer understands the guy that the kid criticizes	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer understands the kid that the girl admires	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer understands the teacher that the mother inspires	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The man admires the aunt that the friend approves	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The man admires the boy that the farmer remembers	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The man admires the carpenter that the teacher confuses	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The man admires the doctor that the carpenter encourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The man admires the poet that the mother avoids	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The man admires the uncle that the lawyer understands	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The man approves the aunt that the uncle understands	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The man approves the mother that the athlete remembers	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The man approves the woman that the athlete stimulates	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The man avoids the boy that the teacher inspires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The man avoids the kid that the woman knows	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that	The man avoids the victim that the athlete approves	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the aunt that the kid avoids	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the girl that the father admires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the victim that the farmer knows	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objdep_objrel_that	The man criticizes the father that the victim stimulates	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The man criticizes the kid that the father engages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The man criticizes the kid that the mother stimulates	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The man discourages the friend that the boy encourages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The man encourages the guy that the doctor understands	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the uncle that the mother approves	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the athlete that the doctor approves	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the boy that the uncle avoids	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the boy that the uncle criticizes	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the teacher that the poet stimulates	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the girl that the woman discourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the mother that the victim encourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the uncle that the aunt criticizes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the victim that the father admires	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the victim that the kid knows	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objdep_objrel_that	The man knows the aunt that the victim remembers	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The man knows the father that the friend approves	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The man knows the lawyer that the father confuses	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The man observes the girl that the aunt discourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The man observes the mother that the doctor encourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The man observes the teacher that the girl greets	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The man observes the teacher that the victim greets	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The man observes the uncle that the singer engages	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the athlete that the teacher understands	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the carpenter that the doctor engages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the doctor that the aunt avoids	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the mother that the uncle approves	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the singer that the boy avoids	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the teacher that the boy remembers	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the teacher that the friend knows	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The man understands the kid that the mother stimulates	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The man understands the singer that the woman admires	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The man understands the uncle that the carpenter confuses	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The man understands the uncle that the singer stimulates	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The mother admires the poet that the teacher stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The mother admires the uncle that the poet inspires	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The mother approves the poet that the man avoids	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The mother avoids the boy that the friend encourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother avoids the carpenter that the doctor encourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother avoids the lawyer that the uncle stimulates	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The mother avoids the man that the woman greets	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The mother avoids the victim that the doctor encourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother confuses the farmer that the girl observes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The mother confuses the father that the boy encourages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother confuses the uncle that the lawyer understands	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The mother criticizes the doctor that the poet discourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother criticizes the kid that the poet knows	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that	The mother criticizes the lawyer that the victim avoids	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The mother discourages the athlete that the teacher understands	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The mother discourages the aunt that the boy confuses	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The mother discourages the boy that the victim engages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother discourages the farmer that the lawyer encourages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother discourages the friend that the poet observes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The mother encourages the victim that the carpenter approves	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The mother engages the lawyer that the farmer approves	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The mother engages the uncle that the woman approves	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The mother engages the victim that the aunt criticizes	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The mother greets the boy that the friend understands	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The mother greets the doctor that the carpenter avoids	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The mother greets the father that the uncle avoids	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The mother greets the woman that the carpenter discourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother knows the girl that the carpenter criticizes	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The mother knows the lawyer that the woman greets	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The mother knows the uncle that the lawyer discourages	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother observes the lawyer that the girl understands	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The mother observes the teacher that the friend discourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother observes the uncle that the girl admires	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The mother remembers the lawyer that the farmer stimulates	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The mother remembers the singer that the kid greets	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The mother stimulates the aunt that the singer confuses	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The mother stimulates the doctor that the carpenter remembers	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The mother stimulates the lawyer that the woman remembers	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The mother stimulates the poet that the girl approves	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The mother stimulates the teacher that the kid discourages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother understands the athlete that the uncle engages	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother understands the carpenter that the kid stimulates	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The mother understands the man that the boy confuses	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The mother understands the singer that the father confuses	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The mother understands the singer that the uncle admires	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The poet admires the carpenter that the father greets	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The poet admires the farmer that the athlete remembers	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The poet admires the lawyer that the kid greets	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The poet approves the victim that the lawyer discourages	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poet approves the woman that the farmer knows	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poet avoids the doctor that the mother observes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The poet avoids the friend that the man criticizes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The poet avoids the mother that the singer discourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poet avoids the uncle that the guy observes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The poet confuses the mother that the athlete approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the athlete that the doctor approves	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the farmer that the doctor knows	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the farmer that the mother admires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the kid that the girl approves	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the uncle that the doctor remembers	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The poet discourages the friend that the aunt criticizes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The poet discourages the friend that the teacher approves	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poet discourages the guy that the teacher stimulates	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poet discourages the kid that the woman confuses	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The poet encourages the aunt that the singer discourages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poet encourages the aunt that the singer understands	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The poet encourages the aunt that the teacher stimulates	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poet encourages the boy that the singer remembers	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The poet encourages the boy that the teacher inspires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The poet encourages the doctor that the farmer discourages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poet encourages the mother that the uncle avoids	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The poet encourages the victim that the boy understands	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The poet engages the boy that the carpenter inspires	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The poet engages the uncle that the aunt criticizes	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The poet engages the woman that the lawyer inspires	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The poet greets the guy that the lawyer discourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poet greets the victim that the woman approves	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the carpenter that the girl knows	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the mother that the friend discourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the singer that the father criticizes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The poet observes the athlete that the friend discourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poet observes the singer that the victim admires	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The poet remembers the doctor that the carpenter stimulates	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poet remembers the man that the kid avoids	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The poet remembers the woman that the kid confuses	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The poet stimulates the guy that the aunt remembers	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The poet understands the kid that the man discourages	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poet understands the victim that the girl discourages	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singer admires the aunt that the girl observes	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The singer admires the teacher that the father encourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singer approves the friend that the aunt admires	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The singer approves the friend that the kid engages	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The singer approves the victim that the carpenter greets	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The singer avoids the farmer that the father encourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singer avoids the lawyer that the athlete discourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singer avoids the lawyer that the mother stimulates	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The singer avoids the mother that the uncle criticizes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The singer criticizes the aunt that the guy greets	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The singer criticizes the girl that the victim engages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The singer criticizes the girl that the woman approves	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The singer criticizes the guy that the girl discourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singer criticizes the poet that the teacher approves	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The singer criticizes the woman that the man admires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The singer discourages the athlete that the kid confuses	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The singer discourages the kid that the victim greets	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The singer discourages the victim that the teacher engages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the friend that the woman knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the girl that the farmer stimulates	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the guy that the girl confuses	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the guy that the woman confuses	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the kid that the friend greets	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the lawyer that the man admires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the poet that the man understands	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the woman that the friend criticizes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The singer engages the carpenter that the woman avoids	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The singer engages the guy that the kid greets	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The singer greets the doctor that the father criticizes	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The singer greets the uncle that the doctor knows	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that	The singer greets the woman that the aunt observes	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the aunt that the boy remembers	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the farmer that the guy remembers	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the farmer that the kid approves	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the lawyer that the guy greets	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the man that the poet approves	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the mother that the lawyer admires	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the teacher that the victim greets	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the uncle that the doctor remembers	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The singer knows the uncle that the mother admires	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The singer observes the carpenter that the girl inspires	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The singer observes the woman that the mother understands	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The singer remembers the carpenter that the friend greets	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The singer remembers the carpenter that the guy greets	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The singer remembers the mother that the father approves	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The singer stimulates the father that the guy criticizes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The singer stimulates the uncle that the farmer inspires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The singer understands the father that the poet stimulates	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The singer understands the man that the poet criticizes	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The singer understands the poet that the uncle greets	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher admires the guy that the farmer approves	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher admires the mother that the carpenter knows	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher approves the father that the boy admires	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher approves the girl that the woman admires	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher approves the lawyer that the woman understands	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher approves the man that the singer stimulates	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher avoids the athlete that the victim approves	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher avoids the guy that the aunt encourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher avoids the kid that the poet remembers	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher confuses the doctor that the girl observes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher confuses the lawyer that the victim discourages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher confuses the man that the father avoids	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher criticizes the aunt that the athlete knows	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher criticizes the boy that the guy admires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher criticizes the carpenter that the uncle observes	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher discourages the farmer that the woman stimulates	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher discourages the mother that the friend remembers	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher discourages the poet that the friend criticizes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher discourages the uncle that the man stimulates	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the athlete that the singer discourages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the kid that the athlete understands	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the woman that the doctor criticizes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher engages the farmer that the man encourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher engages the kid that the father approves	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher greets the friend that the athlete encourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher greets the kid that the woman engages	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher greets the lawyer that the poet inspires	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher greets the man that the friend stimulates	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher inspires the athlete that the woman knows	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher inspires the farmer that the victim understands	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher inspires the guy that the aunt criticizes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher knows the girl that the mother stimulates	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher knows the guy that the kid stimulates	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher knows the poet that the athlete encourages	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher knows the uncle that the boy admires	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher observes the boy that the father admires	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher observes the guy that the doctor understands	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher remembers the carpenter that the uncle discourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher remembers the farmer that the aunt confuses	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher remembers the friend that the farmer encourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher remembers the man that the victim approves	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher remembers the uncle that the doctor engages	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the carpenter that the girl remembers	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the lawyer that the poet discourages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the mother that the man knows	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the poet that the aunt encourages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the singer that the girl encourages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the victim that the athlete admires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher understands the athlete that the aunt criticizes	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle admires the farmer that the friend confuses	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle admires the man that the athlete approves	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle admires the singer that the father avoids	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle admires the singer that the guy engages	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle admires the victim that the mother discourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle avoids the lawyer that the carpenter admires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle avoids the man that the farmer remembers	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle confuses the aunt that the mother criticizes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle confuses the carpenter that the victim admires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle discourages the father that the kid inspires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle encourages the athlete that the aunt admires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle encourages the doctor that the woman criticizes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle encourages the father that the mother knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle encourages the poet that the singer understands	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle engages the friend that the carpenter knows	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle engages the poet that the lawyer knows	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle engages the woman that the boy admires	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle engages the woman that the guy remembers	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle greets the carpenter that the lawyer observes	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle greets the friend that the boy observes	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle greets the lawyer that the man confuses	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle greets the mother that the aunt avoids	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle inspires the farmer that the victim approves	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle inspires the girl that the athlete encourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle inspires the teacher that the girl greets	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle inspires the victim that the friend remembers	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the doctor that the singer approves	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the guy that the singer greets	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the kid that the carpenter greets	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the man that the kid encourages	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle observes the athlete that the woman avoids	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle observes the doctor that the athlete engages	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle observes the guy that the friend avoids	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle observes the poet that the athlete confuses	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle observes the victim that the woman engages	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle remembers the athlete that the farmer avoids	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle remembers the man that the boy discourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle remembers the man that the singer admires	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle remembers the poet that the teacher approves	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle remembers the woman that the man knows	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle stimulates the athlete that the lawyer encourages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle stimulates the farmer that the athlete criticizes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle stimulates the farmer that the teacher encourages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle stimulates the poet that the girl inspires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the boy that the kid discourages	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the woman that the man observes	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The victim admires the boy that the woman stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The victim admires the singer that the father inspires	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The victim approves the friend that the farmer greets	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The victim approves the teacher that the guy admires	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The victim approves the uncle that the carpenter admires	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The victim avoids the aunt that the doctor stimulates	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The victim avoids the father that the man engages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim avoids the woman that the doctor confuses	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The victim confuses the carpenter that the singer approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The victim confuses the singer that the lawyer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The victim confuses the woman that the lawyer approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The victim discourages the doctor that the guy criticizes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The victim discourages the mother that the guy remembers	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The victim discourages the singer that the woman understands	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The victim discourages the woman that the doctor approves	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The victim discourages the woman that the poet understands	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the boy that the kid criticizes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the girl that the woman stimulates	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the poet that the woman inspires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the singer that the guy greets	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The victim engages the carpenter that the uncle encourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim engages the mother that the uncle encourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim engages the singer that the teacher remembers	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The victim engages the uncle that the guy knows	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The victim inspires the aunt that the athlete avoids	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The victim inspires the boy that the guy observes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The victim inspires the guy that the kid encourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim knows the doctor that the poet engages	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim knows the mother that the boy avoids	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The victim knows the singer that the lawyer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The victim observes the lawyer that the aunt remembers	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The victim observes the teacher that the kid discourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim observes the uncle that the mother stimulates	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The victim observes the woman that the boy admires	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The victim remembers the aunt that the guy discourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim remembers the carpenter that the aunt engages	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim remembers the friend that the kid discourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim remembers the friend that the woman avoids	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The victim remembers the girl that the teacher discourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim remembers the kid that the girl avoids	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The victim stimulates the girl that the teacher approves	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The victim stimulates the guy that the teacher avoids	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the doctor that the aunt remembers	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the farmer that the athlete greets	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the woman that the aunt admires	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The woman admires the athlete that the guy criticizes	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The woman admires the boy that the teacher criticizes	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The woman admires the girl that the kid inspires	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The woman admires the singer that the athlete stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the athlete that the farmer stimulates	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the boy that the athlete admires	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the boy that the uncle inspires	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the farmer that the man remembers	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the farmer that the victim greets	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the guy that the man observes	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the lawyer that the aunt engages	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the singer that the carpenter remembers	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the victim that the farmer observes	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The woman avoids the singer that the farmer engages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman avoids the singer that the man discourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman avoids the uncle that the father confuses	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The woman confuses the athlete that the lawyer understands	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The woman confuses the guy that the man encourages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman criticizes the athlete that the girl encourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman criticizes the aunt that the friend confuses	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The woman criticizes the boy that the athlete remembers	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The woman criticizes the carpenter that the girl discourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman criticizes the girl that the farmer engages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman criticizes the man that the boy encourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman criticizes the poet that the farmer remembers	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The woman criticizes the singer that the man stimulates	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The woman discourages the athlete that the doctor avoids	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The woman discourages the father that the athlete encourages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman discourages the man that the guy stimulates	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The woman discourages the mother that the lawyer stimulates	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The woman discourages the teacher that the girl encourages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman encourages the athlete that the victim confuses	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The woman encourages the carpenter that the lawyer discourages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman encourages the farmer that the doctor greets	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The woman encourages the farmer that the victim knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The woman engages the athlete that the lawyer greets	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The woman engages the poet that the carpenter admires	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The woman engages the poet that the lawyer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The woman greets the carpenter that the farmer discourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman greets the singer that the mother knows	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that	The woman greets the teacher that the doctor discourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman inspires the friend that the teacher observes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The woman inspires the guy that the aunt knows	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objdep_objrel_that	The woman inspires the man that the mother approves	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The woman inspires the victim that the singer confuses	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the father that the girl admires	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the girl that the uncle inspires	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the kid that the doctor discourages	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman observes the boy that the lawyer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The woman observes the mother that the boy avoids	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The woman observes the singer that the poet greets	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The woman remembers the boy that the friend inspires	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The woman remembers the man that the singer stimulates	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The woman remembers the man that the victim discourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the carpenter that the mother approves	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the farmer that the mother remembers	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the father that the poet greets	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the girl that the guy understands	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the guy that the farmer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the teacher that the aunt admires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the carpenter that the aunt confuses	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the man that the doctor stimulates	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the teacher that the girl avoids	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the victim that the aunt inspires	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete admires the teacher that the mothers remember	singular	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete approves the boy that the girls avoid	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the boy that the mothers confuse	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the carpenter that the victims greet	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the poet that the men stimulate	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the teacher that the girls observe	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete confuses the lawyer that the guys criticize	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete encourages the carpenter that the women greet	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete encourages the farmer that the mothers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete encourages the lawyer that the girls admire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete encourages the man that the friends avoid	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete encourages the mother that the uncles confuse	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the aunt that the kids criticize	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the friend that the uncles approve	singular	singular	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the kid that the mothers criticize	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the kid that the victims stimulate	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the lawyer that the boys understand	singular	singular	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the mother that the men inspire	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the singer that the women admire	singular	singular	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the aunt that the mothers approve	singular	singular	plural	greet	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the doctor that the friends inspire	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the mother that the doctors avoid	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the uncle that the mothers discourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete knows the poet that the teachers engage	singular	singular	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the teacher that the men inspire	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete remembers the father that the doctors observe	singular	singular	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete remembers the friend that the farmers inspire	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the mother that the girls discourage	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the poet that the doctors remember	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the victim that the women understand	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete understands the aunt that the friends observe	singular	singular	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete understands the aunt that the singers greet	singular	singular	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete understands the farmer that the lawyers criticize	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete understands the man that the kids observe	singular	singular	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete understands the teacher that the girls know	singular	singular	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt admires the farmer that the fathers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt admires the mother that the poets remember	singular	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt approves the farmer that the girls greet	singular	singular	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt avoids the farmer that the uncles engage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt confuses the friend that the kids understand	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt confuses the guy that the fathers engage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt criticizes the carpenter that the teachers know	singular	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt criticizes the woman that the victims confuse	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the athlete that the victims stimulate	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the man that the poets avoid	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the mother that the farmers know	singular	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the poet that the women remember	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the uncle that the farmers admire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the uncle that the lawyers inspire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the uncle that the poets approve	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the woman that the singers admire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the boy that the kids approve	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the friend that the teachers criticize	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the guy that the mothers discourage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the man that the mothers avoid	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the singer that the athletes confuse	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt greets the boy that the kids admire	singular	singular	plural	greet	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt greets the farmer that the guys encourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt greets the uncle that the women remember	singular	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt inspires the boy that the friends remember	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt inspires the woman that the girls approve	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt knows the carpenter that the girls confuse	singular	singular	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt knows the friend that the farmers encourage	singular	singular	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt knows the kid that the friends avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt knows the lawyer that the boys approve	singular	singular	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt knows the singer that the uncles understand	singular	singular	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt knows the victim that the doctors observe	singular	singular	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt observes the carpenter that the mothers greet	singular	singular	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt observes the guy that the doctors greet	singular	singular	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt observes the poet that the uncles confuse	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt observes the singer that the friends discourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt observes the teacher that the lawyers criticize	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt remembers the farmer that the teachers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt remembers the friend that the victims admire	singular	singular	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt stimulates the doctor that the fathers know	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt stimulates the poet that the men criticize	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt understands the boy that the victims confuse	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt understands the girl that the teachers know	singular	singular	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The boy admires the girl that the aunts greet	singular	singular	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The boy admires the poet that the lawyers approve	singular	singular	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The boy admires the uncle that the athletes remember	singular	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The boy approves the father that the doctors avoid	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The boy approves the man that the uncles engage	singular	singular	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy avoids the father that the kids approve	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The boy avoids the poet that the lawyers criticize	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boy avoids the singer that the victims know	singular	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The boy avoids the woman that the mothers admire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The boy confuses the carpenter that the men inspire	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The boy confuses the teacher that the mothers encourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy criticizes the kid that the poets understand	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The boy criticizes the man that the fathers discourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy discourages the father that the carpenters admire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The boy discourages the mother that the poets greet	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The boy encourages the carpenter that the teachers approve	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The boy encourages the victim that the aunts avoid	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The boy engages the athlete that the farmers remember	singular	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The boy engages the aunt that the carpenters stimulate	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The boy engages the lawyer that the farmers understand	singular	singular	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The boy engages the poet that the kids criticize	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boy greets the friend that the singers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The boy greets the mother that the fathers approve	singular	singular	plural	greet	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The boy inspires the father that the singers approve	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The boy inspires the poet that the victims avoid	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The boy inspires the teacher that the fathers confuse	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The boy knows the aunt that the girls remember	singular	singular	plural	know	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The boy knows the father that the doctors admire	singular	singular	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The boy observes the mother that the doctors engage	singular	singular	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy observes the singer that the guys approve	singular	singular	plural	observe	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The boy remembers the doctor that the athletes admire	singular	singular	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The boy remembers the girl that the doctors greet	singular	singular	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The boy remembers the man that the aunts avoid	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The boy remembers the poet that the uncles approve	singular	singular	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The boy remembers the teacher that the farmers confuse	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The boy remembers the victim that the men stimulate	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The boy stimulates the father that the singers observe	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The boy stimulates the friend that the singers admire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The boy stimulates the lawyer that the singers inspire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The boy stimulates the uncle that the kids avoid	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The boy understands the athlete that the uncles discourage	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy understands the father that the singers inspire	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the boy that the doctors understand	singular	singular	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the father that the athletes approve	singular	singular	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the friend that the boys understand	singular	singular	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the guy that the mothers confuse	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the guy that the teachers confuse	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the doctor that the men criticize	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the doctor that the men remember	singular	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the father that the aunts remember	singular	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the girl that the kids understand	singular	singular	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the man that the women encourage	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the doctor that the uncles observe	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the man that the women approve	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the teacher that the kids stimulate	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the doctor that the mothers understand	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the friend that the aunts inspire	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the singer that the doctors admire	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the woman that the friends engage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the woman that the lawyers admire	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the woman that the mothers remember	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter criticizes the aunt that the friends know	singular	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter criticizes the boy that the poets know	singular	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter criticizes the friend that the uncles remember	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter criticizes the guy that the uncles understand	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter criticizes the man that the girls avoid	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter criticizes the teacher that the singers confuse	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter criticizes the uncle that the poets engage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter discourages the victim that the kids confuse	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter engages the mother that the girls discourage	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter greets the guy that the mothers know	singular	singular	plural	greet	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter greets the mother that the boys approve	singular	singular	plural	greet	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter greets the singer that the doctors admire	singular	singular	plural	greet	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter inspires the doctor that the boys remember	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter inspires the girl that the poets remember	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter inspires the woman that the fathers discourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter knows the poet that the boys approve	singular	singular	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter knows the woman that the friends greet	singular	singular	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter observes the father that the mothers engage	singular	singular	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter observes the kid that the farmers remember	singular	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter observes the lawyer that the singers remember	singular	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter remembers the athlete that the uncles inspire	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter remembers the doctor that the girls greet	singular	singular	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter remembers the guy that the farmers greet	singular	singular	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter remembers the teacher that the girls approve	singular	singular	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter remembers the woman that the mothers understand	singular	singular	plural	remember	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the kid that the mothers greet	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the man that the victims admire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the poet that the girls approve	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the farmer that the guys know	singular	singular	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the kid that the athletes greet	singular	singular	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the lawyer that the uncles observe	singular	singular	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the man that the kids inspire	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the singer that the kids encourage	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the singer that the men discourage	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the uncle that the lawyers avoid	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor admires the father that the boys understand	singular	singular	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the boy that the kids inspire	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the farmer that the guys criticize	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the girl that the teachers remember	singular	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the kid that the lawyers admire	singular	singular	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the kid that the singers engage	singular	singular	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the poet that the fathers greet	singular	singular	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the teacher that the mothers confuse	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the victim that the women engage	singular	singular	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the farmer that the kids discourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the kid that the carpenters understand	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the kid that the fathers encourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the teacher that the girls remember	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor confuses the aunt that the lawyers remember	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor confuses the farmer that the boys approve	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor confuses the guy that the carpenters greet	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor criticizes the carpenter that the farmers know	singular	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor discourages the boy that the mothers inspire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor discourages the farmer that the men observe	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor discourages the singer that the men understand	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor encourages the father that the men admire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor encourages the friend that the girls observe	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor encourages the guy that the men avoid	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor encourages the kid that the teachers understand	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor encourages the man that the kids confuse	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor encourages the man that the poets observe	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor encourages the singer that the guys criticize	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor encourages the singer that the lawyers criticize	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor encourages the singer that the men discourage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor encourages the uncle that the victims inspire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor engages the kid that the singers know	singular	singular	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor greets the athlete that the victims admire	singular	singular	plural	greet	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor greets the uncle that the fathers remember	singular	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the athlete that the carpenters engage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the friend that the victims stimulate	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the poet that the guys encourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the singer that the teachers observe	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor knows the aunt that the kids inspire	singular	singular	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor knows the boy that the carpenters confuse	singular	singular	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor knows the farmer that the singers observe	singular	singular	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor knows the man that the boys greet	singular	singular	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor observes the aunt that the poets engage	singular	singular	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor observes the father that the men understand	singular	singular	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor observes the kid that the farmers avoid	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor observes the poet that the mothers confuse	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor remembers the athlete that the victims confuse	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor remembers the carpenter that the friends engage	singular	singular	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor remembers the lawyer that the kids stimulate	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor remembers the singer that the men know	singular	singular	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor remembers the teacher that the victims engage	singular	singular	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor stimulates the carpenter that the victims know	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor understands the father that the poets discourage	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor understands the uncle that the guys know	singular	singular	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the carpenter that the kids stimulate	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the lawyer that the mothers criticize	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the singer that the kids encourage	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the uncle that the aunts discourage	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer avoids the singer that the men approve	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer avoids the uncle that the poets understand	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer confuses the girl that the carpenters engage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer confuses the guy that the friends approve	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer confuses the mother that the carpenters inspire	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer criticizes the father that the aunts encourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer criticizes the girl that the teachers confuse	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer criticizes the lawyer that the guys encourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer discourages the boy that the carpenters understand	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer discourages the doctor that the victims inspire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer discourages the father that the boys know	singular	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer discourages the guy that the kids encourage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer discourages the teacher that the doctors remember	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer discourages the teacher that the fathers confuse	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer discourages the woman that the doctors avoid	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the friend that the guys admire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the girl that the carpenters know	singular	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the kid that the teachers observe	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the singer that the mothers engage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer engages the man that the kids know	singular	singular	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer engages the poet that the mothers greet	singular	singular	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer engages the teacher that the girls greet	singular	singular	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer greets the boy that the poets encourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer greets the uncle that the mothers confuse	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the father that the singers know	singular	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the lawyer that the kids admire	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer knows the doctor that the carpenters avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer knows the man that the friends avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer knows the uncle that the teachers engage	singular	singular	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer knows the woman that the mothers avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer observes the girl that the fathers know	singular	singular	plural	observe	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer observes the kid that the athletes confuse	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer observes the mother that the boys approve	singular	singular	plural	observe	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer observes the woman that the doctors admire	singular	singular	plural	observe	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer observes the woman that the men inspire	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer remembers the athlete that the kids stimulate	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer stimulates the father that the kids approve	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer understands the poet that the lawyers discourage	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The father admires the farmer that the girls greet	singular	singular	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The father admires the mother that the victims inspire	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The father approves the aunt that the doctors engage	singular	singular	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The father approves the girl that the men confuse	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The father approves the guy that the aunts engage	singular	singular	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The father approves the mother that the carpenters understand	singular	singular	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The father approves the victim that the boys know	singular	singular	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The father approves the victim that the doctors understand	singular	singular	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The father avoids the boy that the guys encourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The father avoids the girl that the victims understand	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The father avoids the lawyer that the friends approve	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The father avoids the uncle that the poets observe	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The father confuses the athlete that the carpenters understand	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The father criticizes the aunt that the carpenters know	singular	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The father criticizes the carpenter that the mothers understand	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The father criticizes the guy that the carpenters inspire	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The father discourages the doctor that the lawyers remember	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The father discourages the singer that the women confuse	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The father discourages the uncle that the singers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The father engages the girl that the boys admire	singular	singular	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The father greets the aunt that the women inspire	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The father greets the lawyer that the aunts observe	singular	singular	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The father greets the uncle that the singers engage	singular	singular	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The father inspires the athlete that the singers approve	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The father inspires the boy that the farmers approve	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The father inspires the doctor that the uncles criticize	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The father inspires the kid that the doctors stimulate	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The father inspires the victim that the athletes observe	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the doctor that the mothers inspire	singular	singular	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the farmer that the girls inspire	singular	singular	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the victim that the guys inspire	singular	singular	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the woman that the poets admire	singular	singular	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The father observes the aunt that the victims criticize	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The father observes the aunt that the women engage	singular	singular	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The father observes the friend that the men understand	singular	singular	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The father remembers the man that the uncles stimulate	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The father stimulates the aunt that the girls confuse	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The father stimulates the mother that the doctors admire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The father stimulates the teacher that the singers confuse	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The father stimulates the uncle that the poets approve	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the athlete that the girls inspire	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the aunt that the men inspire	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the doctor that the mothers approve	singular	singular	plural	understand	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the girl that the athletes avoid	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the man that the mothers observe	singular	singular	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the woman that the victims greet	singular	singular	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The friend approves the aunt that the athletes discourage	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend approves the guy that the farmers know	singular	singular	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The friend avoids the carpenter that the aunts stimulate	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The friend avoids the farmer that the athletes encourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend avoids the singer that the lawyers encourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend avoids the teacher that the girls remember	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The friend avoids the uncle that the lawyers remember	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The friend confuses the father that the boys know	singular	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The friend criticizes the boy that the poets greet	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The friend criticizes the kid that the poets discourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend criticizes the poet that the guys understand	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The friend discourages the farmer that the singers understand	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The friend discourages the lawyer that the guys engage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend discourages the woman that the teachers inspire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The friend encourages the aunt that the poets avoid	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The friend encourages the boy that the mothers criticize	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The friend encourages the kid that the boys confuse	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The friend engages the uncle that the poets admire	singular	singular	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friend engages the victim that the kids remember	singular	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The friend engages the woman that the fathers understand	singular	singular	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The friend greets the man that the aunts stimulate	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The friend greets the victim that the girls inspire	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The friend greets the woman that the lawyers inspire	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The friend knows the athlete that the doctors greet	singular	singular	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The friend knows the father that the mothers engage	singular	singular	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend knows the guy that the doctors inspire	singular	singular	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The friend observes the athlete that the aunts understand	singular	singular	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The friend remembers the athlete that the kids discourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend remembers the carpenter that the uncles encourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend remembers the farmer that the uncles admire	singular	singular	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friend stimulates the aunt that the uncles encourage	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend stimulates the farmer that the aunts engage	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend stimulates the girl that the victims discourage	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend stimulates the lawyer that the fathers observe	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The friend stimulates the lawyer that the guys confuse	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The friend understands the aunt that the teachers confuse	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The friend understands the poet that the boys avoid	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The friend understands the singer that the aunts discourage	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend understands the singer that the fathers encourage	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend understands the woman that the guys admire	singular	singular	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The girl admires the aunt that the guys criticize	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The girl admires the doctor that the athletes approve	singular	singular	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The girl admires the doctor that the athletes confuse	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The girl admires the farmer that the carpenters remember	singular	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The girl admires the lawyer that the fathers avoid	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The girl admires the uncle that the poets remember	singular	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The girl approves the boy that the teachers inspire	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The girl approves the farmer that the lawyers inspire	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The girl approves the friend that the doctors stimulate	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girl approves the teacher that the victims discourage	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl avoids the mother that the farmers admire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The girl avoids the uncle that the singers encourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl avoids the uncle that the women confuse	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The girl avoids the woman that the mothers encourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl confuses the boy that the lawyers admire	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The girl criticizes the mother that the carpenters encourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl criticizes the singer that the poets encourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl discourages the friend that the singers approve	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The girl discourages the woman that the aunts remember	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The girl discourages the woman that the mothers confuse	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The girl encourages the kid that the singers understand	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The girl encourages the uncle that the doctors remember	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The girl encourages the woman that the athletes avoid	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The girl engages the athlete that the doctors understand	singular	singular	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The girl engages the guy that the kids understand	singular	singular	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The girl engages the mother that the lawyers criticize	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the boy that the lawyers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the farmer that the kids approve	singular	singular	plural	greet	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the father that the victims remember	singular	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the guy that the athletes remember	singular	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The girl inspires the athlete that the women criticize	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The girl inspires the poet that the mothers know	singular	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The girl inspires the teacher that the lawyers greet	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The girl knows the aunt that the friends approve	singular	singular	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The girl knows the carpenter that the men encourage	singular	singular	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl knows the lawyer that the friends confuse	singular	singular	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The girl knows the victim that the men observe	singular	singular	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The girl observes the boy that the women know	singular	singular	plural	observe	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The girl observes the doctor that the mothers avoid	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The girl observes the friend that the mothers criticize	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The girl remembers the athlete that the friends encourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl remembers the father that the singers greet	singular	singular	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The girl remembers the uncle that the kids engage	singular	singular	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl stimulates the man that the athletes inspire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The girl understands the carpenter that the singers discourage	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl understands the friend that the guys confuse	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The girl understands the lawyer that the aunts encourage	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl understands the mother that the farmers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girl understands the teacher that the athletes remember	singular	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guy admires the aunt that the victims discourage	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy admires the boy that the fathers encourage	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy admires the carpenter that the victims greet	singular	singular	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guy admires the farmer that the doctors greet	singular	singular	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guy admires the father that the women know	singular	singular	plural	admire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The guy admires the lawyer that the victims encourage	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy approves the aunt that the athletes greet	singular	singular	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guy approves the girl that the women inspire	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guy approves the lawyer that the carpenters criticize	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The guy approves the man that the carpenters remember	singular	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guy approves the man that the mothers know	singular	singular	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The guy approves the singer that the doctors confuse	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The guy avoids the doctor that the poets criticize	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The guy avoids the farmer that the doctors discourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy avoids the woman that the teachers remember	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guy confuses the carpenter that the doctors inspire	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guy confuses the girl that the singers avoid	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The guy confuses the uncle that the athletes understand	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The guy criticizes the athlete that the boys approve	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The guy criticizes the aunt that the boys avoid	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The guy criticizes the girl that the men inspire	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guy criticizes the woman that the girls inspire	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guy discourages the doctor that the poets encourage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy discourages the lawyer that the fathers remember	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guy encourages the aunt that the doctors remember	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guy encourages the teacher that the women criticize	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The guy encourages the uncle that the friends avoid	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The guy encourages the victim that the kids admire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The guy engages the carpenter that the friends remember	singular	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guy engages the uncle that the girls approve	singular	singular	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The guy engages the woman that the farmers admire	singular	singular	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The guy greets the boy that the poets encourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy greets the boy that the singers encourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy greets the woman that the carpenters approve	singular	singular	plural	greet	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the boy that the poets remember	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the kid that the carpenters avoid	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the kid that the uncles understand	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the mother that the victims observe	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the poet that the friends understand	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the singer that the uncles observe	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the woman that the boys approve	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The guy knows the father that the carpenters greet	singular	singular	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guy knows the friend that the singers encourage	singular	singular	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy knows the friend that the women inspire	singular	singular	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guy knows the girl that the carpenters encourage	singular	singular	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy knows the kid that the poets admire	singular	singular	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The guy knows the poet that the doctors remember	singular	singular	plural	know	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guy knows the woman that the fathers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The guy observes the aunt that the men criticize	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The guy observes the doctor that the aunts remember	singular	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guy observes the man that the women approve	singular	singular	plural	observe	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The guy observes the uncle that the fathers understand	singular	singular	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The guy observes the woman that the singers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The guy remembers the man that the teachers understand	singular	singular	plural	remember	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The guy remembers the poet that the teachers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The guy remembers the singer that the boys admire	singular	singular	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The guy remembers the teacher that the farmers inspire	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the carpenter that the mothers approve	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the friend that the farmers understand	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the kid that the uncles discourage	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the teacher that the doctors criticize	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The guy understands the boy that the victims admire	singular	singular	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The guy understands the carpenter that the women know	singular	singular	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The guy understands the lawyer that the men confuse	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The guy understands the woman that the fathers know	singular	singular	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the athlete that the mothers approve	singular	singular	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the doctor that the uncles observe	singular	singular	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the lawyer that the boys remember	singular	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the man that the doctors criticize	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the man that the teachers approve	singular	singular	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the singer that the women observe	singular	singular	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the uncle that the men observe	singular	singular	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the woman that the carpenters approve	singular	singular	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The kid approves the aunt that the poets stimulate	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The kid approves the friend that the men stimulate	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The kid approves the woman that the farmers know	singular	singular	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The kid avoids the father that the farmers approve	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The kid avoids the guy that the teachers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The kid avoids the singer that the athletes understand	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The kid avoids the victim that the poets confuse	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kid confuses the athlete that the carpenters avoid	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kid confuses the doctor that the boys stimulate	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The kid confuses the lawyer that the girls know	singular	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The kid confuses the mother that the victims observe	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The kid confuses the mother that the women approve	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The kid criticizes the aunt that the lawyers inspire	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The kid criticizes the carpenter that the aunts confuse	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kid criticizes the farmer that the teachers admire	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The kid discourages the woman that the doctors greet	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The kid discourages the woman that the fathers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The kid encourages the doctor that the aunts engage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid engages the carpenter that the teachers discourage	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid engages the father that the victims discourage	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid engages the girl that the doctors inspire	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The kid engages the teacher that the fathers admire	singular	singular	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The kid greets the lawyer that the mothers admire	singular	singular	plural	greet	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The kid greets the man that the girls encourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid greets the poet that the doctors confuse	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kid inspires the boy that the women understand	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The kid inspires the father that the lawyers discourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid inspires the girl that the singers confuse	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kid inspires the lawyer that the mothers remember	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The kid knows the athlete that the carpenters admire	singular	singular	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The kid knows the mother that the poets criticize	singular	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The kid knows the singer that the aunts encourage	singular	singular	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid knows the teacher that the poets avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kid observes the lawyer that the women understand	singular	singular	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The kid remembers the father that the athletes stimulate	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The kid remembers the singer that the lawyers confuse	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kid remembers the teacher that the boys know	singular	singular	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The kid stimulates the boy that the fathers remember	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The kid stimulates the farmer that the boys criticize	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The kid stimulates the guy that the carpenters know	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The kid understands the friend that the fathers observe	singular	singular	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The kid understands the girl that the mothers inspire	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The kid understands the girl that the singers criticize	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The kid understands the lawyer that the men greet	singular	singular	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The kid understands the teacher that the mothers encourage	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid understands the uncle that the singers know	singular	singular	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The kid understands the victim that the boys inspire	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer admires the father that the farmers avoid	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer approves the carpenter that the girls discourage	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer approves the guy that the aunts engage	singular	singular	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer approves the singer that the mothers greet	singular	singular	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the aunt that the friends confuse	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the carpenter that the boys admire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the father that the aunts approve	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the girl that the boys admire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the kid that the mothers admire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer confuses the boy that the athletes understand	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer confuses the doctor that the kids criticize	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer confuses the man that the victims know	singular	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer criticizes the athlete that the women avoid	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer criticizes the farmer that the uncles understand	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer criticizes the singer that the friends confuse	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer criticizes the victim that the kids stimulate	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the doctor that the men confuse	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the farmer that the guys engage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the farmer that the guys observe	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the girl that the poets know	singular	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the guy that the women greet	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the victim that the poets know	singular	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer encourages the farmer that the aunts approve	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer encourages the friend that the women inspire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer encourages the man that the friends understand	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer encourages the mother that the victims inspire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer engages the boy that the men discourage	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer engages the boy that the men understand	singular	singular	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer engages the guy that the doctors confuse	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer engages the singer that the uncles criticize	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer engages the victim that the carpenters criticize	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer greets the poet that the teachers discourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer greets the teacher that the farmers inspire	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer greets the uncle that the girls understand	singular	singular	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer inspires the athlete that the girls confuse	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer inspires the carpenter that the mothers encourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer knows the carpenter that the boys encourage	singular	singular	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer knows the carpenter that the teachers admire	singular	singular	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer knows the kid that the guys avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer observes the father that the poets stimulate	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer observes the guy that the victims inspire	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer observes the poet that the uncles avoid	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer observes the woman that the farmers engage	singular	singular	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer remembers the athlete that the victims admire	singular	singular	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer remembers the poet that the girls criticize	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer remembers the singer that the men encourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer remembers the uncle that the girls understand	singular	singular	plural	remember	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer remembers the uncle that the singers engage	singular	singular	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer stimulates the friend that the fathers admire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer stimulates the uncle that the men greet	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer understands the kid that the mothers engage	singular	singular	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer understands the man that the teachers discourage	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer understands the uncle that the guys avoid	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The man admires the athlete that the kids encourage	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The man approves the lawyer that the uncles criticize	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The man approves the poet that the boys greet	singular	singular	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The man avoids the boy that the carpenters discourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The man avoids the mother that the fathers remember	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The man avoids the woman that the athletes admire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the doctor that the singers engage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the guy that the aunts discourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the victim that the kids understand	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The man criticizes the carpenter that the mothers observe	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The man criticizes the kid that the women engage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The man criticizes the mother that the singers engage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The man discourages the athlete that the guys criticize	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The man discourages the boy that the friends admire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The man discourages the carpenter that the victims observe	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The man discourages the doctor that the guys know	singular	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The man discourages the friend that the carpenters engage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The man discourages the poet that the friends remember	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the boy that the friends approve	singular	singular	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the kid that the lawyers understand	singular	singular	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the victim that the uncles encourage	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the aunt that the mothers criticize	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the friend that the athletes engage	singular	singular	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the girl that the women inspire	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the mother that the farmers engage	singular	singular	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the mother that the victims avoid	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the singer that the aunts remember	singular	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the teacher that the lawyers confuse	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the athlete that the lawyers know	singular	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the carpenter that the uncles confuse	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the doctor that the boys know	singular	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the father that the athletes observe	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the poet that the fathers know	singular	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the singer that the poets criticize	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The man knows the aunt that the fathers discourage	singular	singular	plural	know	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The man knows the friend that the guys remember	singular	singular	plural	know	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The man knows the lawyer that the guys avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The man knows the uncle that the girls engage	singular	singular	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The man remembers the farmer that the lawyers admire	singular	singular	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The man remembers the poet that the doctors discourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The man remembers the woman that the uncles know	singular	singular	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the father that the mothers understand	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the victim that the teachers inspire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The man understands the athlete that the aunts avoid	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The man understands the carpenter that the victims criticize	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The man understands the doctor that the farmers greet	singular	singular	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The man understands the uncle that the women stimulate	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The man understands the victim that the doctors confuse	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The mother admires the doctor that the carpenters greet	singular	singular	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mother admires the farmer that the fathers understand	singular	singular	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The mother admires the girl that the uncles remember	singular	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The mother admires the lawyer that the boys observe	singular	singular	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The mother admires the victim that the guys greet	singular	singular	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mother admires the woman that the aunts avoid	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The mother approves the girl that the friends know	singular	singular	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The mother approves the man that the doctors engage	singular	singular	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The mother avoids the guy that the boys know	singular	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The mother confuses the carpenter that the doctors approve	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The mother confuses the father that the uncles encourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mother confuses the kid that the lawyers encourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mother confuses the lawyer that the athletes remember	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The mother criticizes the doctor that the women understand	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The mother criticizes the farmer that the girls discourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mother criticizes the friend that the carpenters engage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The mother criticizes the lawyer that the doctors understand	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The mother criticizes the teacher that the farmers inspire	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The mother discourages the guy that the uncles greet	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mother discourages the victim that the boys greet	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mother encourages the carpenter that the lawyers know	singular	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The mother encourages the man that the lawyers greet	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mother encourages the man that the singers criticize	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The mother encourages the poet that the lawyers confuse	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The mother encourages the singer that the kids understand	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The mother encourages the woman that the uncles observe	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The mother engages the athlete that the poets discourage	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mother engages the girl that the poets approve	singular	singular	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The mother greets the aunt that the lawyers criticize	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The mother greets the man that the poets admire	singular	singular	plural	greet	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The mother greets the man that the teachers remember	singular	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The mother greets the singer that the doctors engage	singular	singular	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The mother inspires the aunt that the poets know	singular	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The mother inspires the carpenter that the men remember	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The mother inspires the friend that the poets criticize	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The mother inspires the woman that the uncles approve	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The mother knows the boy that the uncles observe	singular	singular	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The mother knows the carpenter that the aunts stimulate	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The mother knows the teacher that the athletes criticize	singular	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The mother knows the victim that the uncles understand	singular	singular	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The mother observes the athlete that the girls inspire	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The mother observes the farmer that the friends discourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mother observes the victim that the girls know	singular	singular	plural	observe	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The mother remembers the doctor that the fathers engage	singular	singular	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The mother remembers the father that the guys stimulate	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The mother remembers the man that the athletes avoid	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The mother remembers the teacher that the poets greet	singular	singular	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mother stimulates the aunt that the women observe	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The mother stimulates the guy that the men remember	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The mother stimulates the uncle that the girls admire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The mother understands the doctor that the victims greet	singular	singular	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mother understands the kid that the men criticize	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The poet admires the friend that the farmers approve	singular	singular	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The poet admires the girl that the lawyers understand	singular	singular	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The poet approves the aunt that the mothers inspire	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet approves the doctor that the kids remember	singular	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The poet approves the farmer that the aunts avoid	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The poet approves the friend that the athletes encourage	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet approves the girl that the singers understand	singular	singular	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The poet approves the man that the kids stimulate	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The poet avoids the farmer that the aunts admire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet avoids the farmer that the women admire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet confuses the athlete that the mothers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The poet confuses the man that the athletes stimulate	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The poet confuses the singer that the kids admire	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet confuses the teacher that the men engage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the athlete that the fathers avoid	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the boy that the women confuse	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the carpenter that the uncles discourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the teacher that the aunts engage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet encourages the athlete that the uncles remember	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The poet encourages the farmer that the boys discourage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet encourages the kid that the victims know	singular	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The poet encourages the uncle that the mothers confuse	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The poet engages the boy that the fathers greet	singular	singular	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The poet engages the doctor that the guys greet	singular	singular	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The poet engages the farmer that the lawyers criticize	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The poet engages the uncle that the kids confuse	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The poet greets the boy that the farmers observe	singular	singular	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The poet greets the father that the farmers observe	singular	singular	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The poet greets the singer that the farmers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The poet greets the teacher that the lawyers criticize	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the doctor that the carpenters confuse	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the friend that the men know	singular	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the girl that the aunts greet	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the man that the farmers admire	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the teacher that the singers engage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the victim that the teachers confuse	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the woman that the boys confuse	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The poet knows the aunt that the teachers avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The poet knows the guy that the farmers inspire	singular	singular	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet knows the uncle that the victims encourage	singular	singular	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet observes the farmer that the athletes admire	singular	singular	plural	observe	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet observes the kid that the boys encourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet observes the woman that the men engage	singular	singular	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet remembers the friend that the girls discourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet remembers the singer that the women know	singular	singular	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The poet remembers the victim that the guys stimulate	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The poet remembers the victim that the mothers admire	singular	singular	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet understands the athlete that the boys approve	singular	singular	plural	understand	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The poet understands the athlete that the victims stimulate	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The poet understands the carpenter that the doctors approve	singular	singular	plural	understand	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The poet understands the friend that the lawyers remember	singular	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The poet understands the kid that the mothers greet	singular	singular	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The poet understands the mother that the friends confuse	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The poet understands the teacher that the mothers inspire	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer admires the poet that the victims know	singular	singular	plural	admire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The singer approves the aunt that the carpenters admire	singular	singular	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer approves the aunt that the teachers admire	singular	singular	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer approves the doctor that the farmers understand	singular	singular	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The singer approves the girl that the men stimulate	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singer approves the mother that the men discourage	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer approves the woman that the athletes inspire	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer approves the woman that the carpenters avoid	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The singer confuses the farmer that the friends understand	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The singer confuses the mother that the friends observe	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singer criticizes the aunt that the victims approve	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The singer criticizes the kid that the girls discourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer criticizes the mother that the doctors confuse	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The singer discourages the boy that the carpenters understand	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The singer discourages the victim that the guys engage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the mother that the men admire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the poet that the athletes observe	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the woman that the fathers know	singular	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The singer engages the father that the girls remember	singular	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The singer engages the father that the kids approve	singular	singular	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The singer engages the lawyer that the boys admire	singular	singular	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer engages the uncle that the guys inspire	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer greets the victim that the kids observe	singular	singular	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the athlete that the victims admire	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the athlete that the women greet	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the boy that the aunts engage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the father that the guys avoid	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the lawyer that the kids observe	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the man that the mothers criticize	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the uncle that the friends observe	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the victim that the carpenters discourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the victim that the uncles approve	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the woman that the teachers know	singular	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The singer knows the athlete that the boys confuse	singular	singular	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The singer knows the guy that the farmers admire	singular	singular	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer knows the guy that the kids avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The singer observes the guy that the lawyers remember	singular	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The singer observes the kid that the carpenters greet	singular	singular	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The singer remembers the father that the victims engage	singular	singular	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer remembers the friend that the mothers discourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer remembers the friend that the mothers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singer remembers the kid that the doctors admire	singular	singular	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer stimulates the athlete that the uncles admire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer stimulates the farmer that the friends confuse	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The singer stimulates the poet that the girls encourage	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer stimulates the woman that the boys greet	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The singer stimulates the woman that the carpenters know	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The singer understands the carpenter that the men engage	singular	singular	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer understands the doctor that the teachers admire	singular	singular	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer understands the girl that the victims admire	singular	singular	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer understands the woman that the aunts approve	singular	singular	plural	understand	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The singer understands the woman that the teachers criticize	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher admires the carpenter that the poets avoid	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher admires the man that the fathers observe	singular	singular	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher admires the woman that the carpenters remember	singular	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher admires the woman that the farmers criticize	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher approves the poet that the girls remember	singular	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher avoids the carpenter that the singers observe	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher avoids the mother that the kids remember	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher criticizes the friend that the kids observe	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher criticizes the guy that the poets confuse	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher discourages the athlete that the friends avoid	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher discourages the carpenter that the doctors observe	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher discourages the man that the girls greet	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher discourages the man that the lawyers engage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher discourages the woman that the mothers engage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the athlete that the girls admire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the aunt that the guys admire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the carpenter that the girls stimulate	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the girl that the men criticize	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the lawyer that the aunts discourage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the lawyer that the carpenters confuse	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the man that the aunts confuse	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher engages the father that the doctors confuse	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher engages the victim that the friends understand	singular	singular	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher greets the boy that the carpenters inspire	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher greets the boy that the lawyers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher inspires the father that the singers avoid	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher inspires the guy that the boys admire	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher inspires the poet that the fathers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher knows the boy that the fathers discourage	singular	singular	plural	know	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher knows the friend that the uncles understand	singular	singular	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher knows the uncle that the women greet	singular	singular	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher knows the victim that the boys approve	singular	singular	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher knows the victim that the kids observe	singular	singular	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher knows the woman that the friends confuse	singular	singular	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher observes the farmer that the fathers admire	singular	singular	plural	observe	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher observes the friend that the boys engage	singular	singular	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher observes the man that the girls approve	singular	singular	plural	observe	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher remembers the friend that the poets engage	singular	singular	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher remembers the uncle that the carpenters avoid	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher remembers the uncle that the doctors encourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher remembers the victim that the boys understand	singular	singular	plural	remember	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the aunt that the carpenters engage	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the carpenter that the doctors remember	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the girl that the poets observe	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the kid that the boys inspire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the poet that the athletes encourage	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher understands the boy that the women avoid	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher understands the father that the mothers engage	singular	singular	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher understands the lawyer that the kids approve	singular	singular	plural	understand	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher understands the lawyer that the men admire	singular	singular	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle admires the aunt that the friends engage	singular	singular	plural	admire	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle admires the farmer that the doctors observe	singular	singular	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle admires the guy that the lawyers observe	singular	singular	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle approves the aunt that the farmers understand	singular	singular	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle approves the boy that the farmers know	singular	singular	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle approves the farmer that the mothers criticize	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle approves the friend that the aunts observe	singular	singular	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle approves the lawyer that the boys stimulate	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle approves the poet that the aunts discourage	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle avoids the aunt that the athletes encourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle avoids the man that the doctors engage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle avoids the woman that the farmers inspire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle confuses the father that the friends admire	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle confuses the guy that the aunts observe	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle confuses the guy that the farmers engage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle confuses the lawyer that the victims remember	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle criticizes the man that the poets understand	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle criticizes the mother that the men approve	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle discourages the athlete that the doctors criticize	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle discourages the boy that the aunts admire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle discourages the boy that the lawyers inspire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle discourages the girl that the doctors inspire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle discourages the teacher that the athletes criticize	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle discourages the victim that the women engage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle encourages the aunt that the lawyers know	singular	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle encourages the carpenter that the teachers remember	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle encourages the doctor that the guys engage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle encourages the teacher that the boys greet	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle engages the doctor that the lawyers greet	singular	singular	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle engages the father that the doctors avoid	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle engages the guy that the carpenters discourage	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle greets the doctor that the women understand	singular	singular	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle greets the man that the kids observe	singular	singular	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle inspires the athlete that the boys know	singular	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle inspires the doctor that the lawyers encourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle inspires the kid that the singers engage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle inspires the poet that the kids admire	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the farmer that the carpenters inspire	singular	singular	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the girl that the lawyers criticize	singular	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the lawyer that the friends confuse	singular	singular	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the teacher that the boys engage	singular	singular	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle observes the father that the athletes greet	singular	singular	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle observes the kid that the carpenters approve	singular	singular	plural	observe	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle observes the kid that the singers remember	singular	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle observes the poet that the fathers inspire	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle observes the woman that the teachers encourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle remembers the aunt that the guys discourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle remembers the father that the aunts avoid	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle remembers the father that the lawyers understand	singular	singular	plural	remember	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle remembers the guy that the athletes discourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle remembers the guy that the carpenters admire	singular	singular	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle remembers the kid that the doctors observe	singular	singular	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle remembers the man that the carpenters encourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle stimulates the mother that the athletes inspire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the athlete that the fathers approve	singular	singular	plural	understand	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the aunt that the victims stimulate	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the friend that the fathers criticize	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the poet that the athletes greet	singular	singular	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the teacher that the lawyers admire	singular	singular	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The victim admires the farmer that the women observe	singular	singular	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The victim admires the guy that the singers greet	singular	singular	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The victim admires the lawyer that the girls inspire	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The victim admires the singer that the carpenters stimulate	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victim approves the athlete that the women observe	singular	singular	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The victim approves the farmer that the guys confuse	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The victim approves the farmer that the poets greet	singular	singular	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The victim approves the man that the friends remember	singular	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The victim approves the woman that the singers inspire	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The victim avoids the boy that the women engage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The victim avoids the father that the guys greet	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The victim avoids the guy that the farmers criticize	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The victim confuses the girl that the lawyers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victim confuses the kid that the farmers discourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victim criticizes the aunt that the carpenters understand	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The victim criticizes the girl that the aunts confuse	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The victim criticizes the kid that the fathers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victim criticizes the woman that the mothers encourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victim discourages the athlete that the farmers know	singular	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The victim discourages the carpenter that the kids remember	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the aunt that the lawyers avoid	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the boy that the women observe	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the farmer that the lawyers criticize	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the girl that the farmers observe	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the guy that the men know	singular	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the kid that the farmers criticize	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the kid that the singers criticize	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the lawyer that the poets know	singular	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the woman that the farmers inspire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The victim engages the singer that the poets admire	singular	singular	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The victim engages the woman that the doctors inspire	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The victim greets the guy that the friends stimulate	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victim greets the mother that the carpenters inspire	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The victim greets the singer that the poets criticize	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The victim greets the teacher that the poets avoid	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The victim greets the woman that the girls understand	singular	singular	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The victim inspires the athlete that the lawyers approve	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The victim inspires the aunt that the teachers greet	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The victim inspires the poet that the lawyers know	singular	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The victim inspires the woman that the teachers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victim knows the aunt that the guys admire	singular	singular	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The victim knows the kid that the aunts greet	singular	singular	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The victim knows the man that the poets inspire	singular	singular	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The victim knows the poet that the athletes criticize	singular	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The victim observes the farmer that the boys avoid	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The victim observes the father that the men understand	singular	singular	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The victim observes the lawyer that the fathers remember	singular	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The victim observes the mother that the kids greet	singular	singular	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The victim remembers the boy that the kids understand	singular	singular	plural	remember	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The victim remembers the farmer that the doctors confuse	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The victim stimulates the guy that the lawyers confuse	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The victim stimulates the kid that the friends know	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The victim stimulates the lawyer that the women remember	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the boy that the fathers greet	singular	singular	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the boy that the uncles avoid	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the carpenter that the poets admire	singular	singular	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the mother that the lawyers criticize	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the mother that the teachers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The woman admires the athlete that the kids observe	singular	singular	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The woman admires the father that the friends confuse	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the kid that the farmers avoid	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the teacher that the fathers admire	singular	singular	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The woman avoids the uncle that the girls inspire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The woman confuses the carpenter that the victims inspire	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The woman confuses the singer that the carpenters approve	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The woman confuses the uncle that the boys inspire	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The woman criticizes the man that the fathers approve	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The woman criticizes the poet that the men observe	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The woman criticizes the teacher that the singers know	singular	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The woman criticizes the uncle that the mothers admire	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The woman discourages the boy that the singers observe	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The woman discourages the carpenter that the mothers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The woman discourages the guy that the doctors confuse	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The woman discourages the kid that the athletes inspire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The woman discourages the uncle that the teachers confuse	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The woman encourages the carpenter that the fathers confuse	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The woman encourages the carpenter that the fathers criticize	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The woman engages the boy that the guys criticize	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The woman engages the father that the aunts greet	singular	singular	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The woman engages the uncle that the farmers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The woman greets the friend that the boys know	singular	singular	plural	greet	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The woman greets the friend that the farmers observe	singular	singular	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The woman greets the man that the kids encourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The woman inspires the aunt that the boys know	singular	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the aunt that the fathers understand	singular	singular	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the carpenter that the poets confuse	singular	singular	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the doctor that the carpenters stimulate	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the friend that the poets stimulate	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the girl that the uncles avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the singer that the fathers engage	singular	singular	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the singer that the mothers observe	singular	singular	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the teacher that the friends confuse	singular	singular	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the victim that the mothers avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The woman observes the man that the fathers discourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The woman observes the teacher that the victims engage	singular	singular	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The woman remembers the athlete that the singers inspire	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The woman remembers the boy that the victims inspire	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The woman remembers the friend that the kids stimulate	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The woman remembers the kid that the girls engage	singular	singular	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The woman remembers the man that the singers criticize	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The woman remembers the mother that the uncles admire	singular	singular	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the doctor that the victims know	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the kid that the doctors greet	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the singer that the victims admire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the aunt that the doctors confuse	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the boy that the victims know	singular	singular	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the doctor that the men observe	singular	singular	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the farmer that the men discourage	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete admires the lawyers that the teacher observes	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete approves the fathers that the man stimulates	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete approves the men that the father engages	singular	plural	singular	approve	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete approves the men that the uncle observes	singular	plural	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete approves the uncles that the kid inspires	singular	plural	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete approves the uncles that the teacher stimulates	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete approves the victims that the woman avoids	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the boys that the singer discourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the carpenters that the boy understands	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the fathers that the poet engages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the girls that the man approves	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the lawyers that the father engages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the men that the woman inspires	singular	plural	singular	avoid	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the uncles that the farmer engages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete confuses the aunts that the teacher understands	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete confuses the farmers that the uncle engages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete confuses the lawyers that the victim avoids	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete confuses the men that the friend avoids	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete criticizes the carpenters that the mother avoids	singular	plural	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete criticizes the friends that the victim approves	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete discourages the friends that the girl avoids	singular	plural	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete discourages the men that the singer observes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete discourages the singers that the girl approves	singular	plural	singular	discourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete discourages the victims that the lawyer admires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete encourages the doctors that the woman approves	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete encourages the farmers that the woman observes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete encourages the fathers that the mother greets	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete encourages the mothers that the friend stimulates	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the farmers that the man remembers	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the farmers that the victim observes	singular	plural	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the friends that the girl remembers	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the mothers that the aunt admires	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the singers that the poet avoids	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the aunts that the guy avoids	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the farmers that the carpenter remembers	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the lawyers that the boy admires	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the lawyers that the teacher understands	singular	plural	singular	greet	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the men that the friend avoids	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the victims that the guy encourages	singular	plural	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete inspires the mothers that the aunt admires	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete inspires the singers that the doctor avoids	singular	plural	singular	inspire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete inspires the victims that the aunt knows	singular	plural	singular	inspire	know
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete knows the men that the victim remembers	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete knows the mothers that the doctor remembers	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete knows the teachers that the poet encourages	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete knows the uncles that the lawyer admires	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the friends that the carpenter admires	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the kids that the boy avoids	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the men that the mother discourages	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the poets that the boy remembers	singular	plural	singular	observe	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the poets that the lawyer approves	singular	plural	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete remembers the fathers that the lawyer avoids	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete remembers the kids that the boy avoids	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete remembers the teachers that the lawyer observes	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete remembers the teachers that the poet confuses	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete remembers the teachers that the singer greets	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete remembers the women that the farmer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete remembers the women that the guy knows	singular	plural	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the aunts that the boy admires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the friends that the guy greets	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the friends that the singer engages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the lawyers that the farmer observes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the mothers that the farmer encourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the poets that the woman approves	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete understands the girls that the doctor encourages	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt approves the friends that the singer understands	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt approves the guys that the kid inspires	singular	plural	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt approves the poets that the farmer remembers	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt avoids the friends that the lawyer greets	singular	plural	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt confuses the kids that the farmer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt confuses the kids that the poet remembers	singular	plural	singular	confuse	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt confuses the lawyers that the boy criticizes	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt criticizes the athletes that the poet discourages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt criticizes the lawyers that the friend greets	singular	plural	singular	criticize	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt criticizes the teachers that the uncle greets	singular	plural	singular	criticize	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the athletes that the farmer encourages	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the athletes that the man criticizes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the doctors that the woman avoids	singular	plural	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the farmers that the friend understands	singular	plural	singular	discourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the athletes that the singer confuses	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the carpenters that the woman approves	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the friends that the farmer avoids	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the men that the carpenter greets	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt engages the doctors that the uncle remembers	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt greets the fathers that the friend engages	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt greets the kids that the carpenter knows	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt greets the kids that the man stimulates	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt greets the singers that the woman knows	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt greets the women that the friend discourages	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt inspires the doctors that the man stimulates	singular	plural	singular	inspire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt inspires the fathers that the girl confuses	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt knows the athletes that the doctor discourages	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt knows the poets that the singer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt remembers the boys that the farmer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt remembers the fathers that the man engages	singular	plural	singular	remember	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt remembers the friends that the boy criticizes	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt remembers the lawyers that the boy understands	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt remembers the lawyers that the girl stimulates	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt remembers the poets that the girl understands	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt remembers the uncles that the lawyer admires	singular	plural	singular	remember	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt stimulates the athletes that the father greets	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt stimulates the doctors that the girl avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt stimulates the singers that the girl approves	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt stimulates the teachers that the friend knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt stimulates the teachers that the man engages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt understands the teachers that the athlete knows	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt understands the victims that the girl greets	singular	plural	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt understands the women that the uncle observes	singular	plural	singular	understand	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The boy admires the teachers that the friend confuses	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The boy admires the victims that the lawyer remembers	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The boy admires the women that the athlete knows	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boy approves the carpenters that the uncle avoids	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The boy approves the farmers that the singer knows	singular	plural	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boy approves the fathers that the singer confuses	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The boy approves the girls that the teacher avoids	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The boy avoids the farmers that the woman observes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The boy avoids the men that the poet understands	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The boy avoids the singers that the kid approves	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The boy confuses the athletes that the aunt remembers	singular	plural	singular	confuse	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The boy confuses the farmers that the friend stimulates	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boy confuses the kids that the victim approves	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The boy criticizes the teachers that the woman stimulates	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boy criticizes the victims that the man stimulates	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boy discourages the mothers that the doctor confuses	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The boy discourages the mothers that the poet criticizes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boy discourages the poets that the kid observes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The boy encourages the fathers that the friend engages	singular	plural	singular	encourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The boy encourages the uncles that the athlete understands	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The boy encourages the victims that the man stimulates	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boy encourages the victims that the woman criticizes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boy engages the athletes that the victim admires	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The boy engages the girls that the friend criticizes	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boy engages the uncles that the girl encourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boy greets the aunts that the farmer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boy greets the men that the father knows	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boy inspires the farmers that the father confuses	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The boy observes the guys that the doctor admires	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The boy observes the kids that the carpenter stimulates	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boy observes the kids that the girl understands	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The boy observes the men that the carpenter stimulates	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boy remembers the doctors that the victim approves	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The boy stimulates the aunts that the kid discourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boy stimulates the aunts that the poet knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boy stimulates the doctors that the lawyer knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boy stimulates the friends that the athlete confuses	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The boy stimulates the victims that the friend criticizes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boy understands the girls that the guy stimulates	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boy understands the girls that the poet inspires	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The boy understands the lawyers that the poet engages	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The boy understands the poets that the victim encourages	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boy understands the uncles that the poet avoids	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the boys that the girl knows	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the doctors that the friend confuses	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the girls that the boy inspires	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the mothers that the victim observes	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the fathers that the mother understands	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the girls that the athlete encourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the guys that the kid inspires	singular	plural	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the teachers that the farmer discourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the victims that the uncle observes	singular	plural	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the aunts that the uncle understands	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the girls that the athlete understands	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the guys that the boy encourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the kids that the girl knows	singular	plural	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the men that the friend encourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the women that the lawyer discourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the boys that the farmer engages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the doctors that the mother discourages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the guys that the athlete remembers	singular	plural	singular	confuse	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the mothers that the teacher greets	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the victims that the singer remembers	singular	plural	singular	confuse	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter criticizes the friends that the victim understands	singular	plural	singular	criticize	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter criticizes the uncles that the boy observes	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter criticizes the uncles that the lawyer understands	singular	plural	singular	criticize	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter discourages the aunts that the man knows	singular	plural	singular	discourage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter discourages the doctors that the mother observes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter discourages the farmers that the lawyer observes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter discourages the poets that the girl approves	singular	plural	singular	discourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter encourages the girls that the victim understands	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter encourages the poets that the lawyer observes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter encourages the women that the doctor discourages	singular	plural	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter engages the friends that the kid avoids	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter greets the athletes that the guy approves	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter greets the athletes that the victim avoids	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter greets the friends that the poet approves	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter inspires the aunts that the victim remembers	singular	plural	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter inspires the doctors that the farmer approves	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter inspires the guys that the boy understands	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter inspires the teachers that the friend discourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter knows the aunts that the kid stimulates	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter knows the girls that the aunt stimulates	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter knows the girls that the mother encourages	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter knows the girls that the woman criticizes	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter knows the singers that the uncle approves	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter knows the teachers that the friend greets	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter observes the aunts that the athlete discourages	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter observes the guys that the doctor confuses	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter observes the victims that the girl inspires	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter remembers the fathers that the friend stimulates	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter remembers the friends that the lawyer understands	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter remembers the lawyers that the mother criticizes	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the aunts that the singer greets	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the farmers that the athlete avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the farmers that the teacher encourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the fathers that the teacher engages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the guys that the uncle inspires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the lawyers that the mother criticizes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the mothers that the victim admires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the victims that the athlete inspires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the women that the singer observes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the aunts that the farmer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the lawyers that the woman criticizes	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the poets that the aunt confuses	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the victims that the mother engages	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the women that the kid inspires	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor admires the carpenters that the friend avoids	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor admires the farmers that the boy confuses	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the aunts that the athlete confuses	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the friends that the mother engages	singular	plural	singular	approve	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the singers that the athlete confuses	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the victims that the uncle observes	singular	plural	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the carpenters that the friend understands	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the kids that the man observes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor confuses the fathers that the aunt encourages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor confuses the men that the carpenter observes	singular	plural	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor criticizes the fathers that the farmer confuses	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor discourages the singers that the woman remembers	singular	plural	singular	discourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor discourages the victims that the poet knows	singular	plural	singular	discourage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor discourages the victims that the teacher admires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor engages the aunts that the friend criticizes	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor engages the farmers that the teacher approves	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor engages the friends that the kid confuses	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor engages the kids that the singer discourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor engages the men that the kid knows	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor engages the mothers that the athlete greets	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor engages the women that the singer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor greets the poets that the man confuses	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the aunts that the man engages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the boys that the kid encourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the friends that the guy engages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the uncles that the woman criticizes	singular	plural	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor knows the aunts that the friend understands	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor knows the farmers that the father greets	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor knows the fathers that the farmer discourages	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor knows the friends that the carpenter engages	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor knows the kids that the man approves	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor knows the mothers that the singer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor knows the poets that the woman remembers	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor knows the uncles that the girl encourages	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor observes the farmers that the poet inspires	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor observes the mothers that the carpenter avoids	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor observes the mothers that the man approves	singular	plural	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor remembers the athletes that the woman confuses	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor remembers the kids that the athlete understands	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor remembers the teachers that the girl inspires	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor remembers the uncles that the kid observes	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor stimulates the aunts that the guy encourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor stimulates the carpenters that the athlete knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor stimulates the carpenters that the poet knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor stimulates the victims that the boy inspires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor understands the girls that the woman stimulates	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor understands the kids that the poet confuses	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor understands the men that the boy knows	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer admires the doctors that the victim remembers	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer admires the guys that the athlete inspires	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer admires the teachers that the mother discourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the athletes that the father observes	singular	plural	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the doctors that the athlete remembers	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the doctors that the mother observes	singular	plural	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the fathers that the boy remembers	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the fathers that the friend observes	singular	plural	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the poets that the carpenter avoids	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer avoids the carpenters that the teacher engages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer confuses the athletes that the lawyer approves	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer confuses the athletes that the woman admires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer confuses the fathers that the lawyer approves	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer confuses the poets that the boy discourages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer confuses the uncles that the singer engages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer criticizes the fathers that the man greets	singular	plural	singular	criticize	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer criticizes the friends that the man knows	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer criticizes the lawyers that the kid inspires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer criticizes the uncles that the woman observes	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer discourages the poets that the father encourages	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the aunts that the girl understands	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the aunts that the teacher avoids	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the guys that the lawyer discourages	singular	plural	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the guys that the singer discourages	singular	plural	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the men that the woman criticizes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the teachers that the aunt understands	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer engages the fathers that the uncle inspires	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the friends that the uncle observes	singular	plural	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the guys that the teacher remembers	singular	plural	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer knows the kids that the poet avoids	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer knows the teachers that the lawyer observes	singular	plural	singular	know	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer knows the uncles that the woman understands	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer knows the women that the victim criticizes	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer observes the doctors that the carpenter remembers	singular	plural	singular	observe	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer observes the friends that the boy knows	singular	plural	singular	observe	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer observes the friends that the lawyer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer observes the girls that the father confuses	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer observes the guys that the uncle inspires	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer remembers the guys that the athlete admires	singular	plural	singular	remember	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer remembers the kids that the mother understands	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer remembers the teachers that the lawyer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer stimulates the carpenters that the guy avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer stimulates the doctors that the boy understands	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer stimulates the girls that the doctor avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer stimulates the women that the poet remembers	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer understands the athletes that the poet admires	singular	plural	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer understands the boys that the singer greets	singular	plural	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The father approves the athletes that the aunt greets	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The father approves the boys that the guy stimulates	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The father approves the boys that the victim engages	singular	plural	singular	approve	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The father approves the carpenters that the mother admires	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The father approves the teachers that the victim remembers	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The father confuses the carpenters that the friend admires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The father confuses the guys that the uncle approves	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The father confuses the lawyers that the victim criticizes	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The father confuses the women that the man understands	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The father criticizes the lawyers that the athlete inspires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The father criticizes the lawyers that the woman discourages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The father discourages the friends that the uncle observes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The father discourages the girls that the singer approves	singular	plural	singular	discourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The father discourages the kids that the athlete confuses	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The father discourages the victims that the teacher observes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The father encourages the boys that the athlete remembers	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The father encourages the farmers that the teacher approves	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The father encourages the lawyers that the uncle criticizes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The father encourages the poets that the woman admires	singular	plural	singular	encourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The father encourages the women that the victim discourages	singular	plural	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The father engages the lawyers that the mother stimulates	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The father greets the farmers that the poet admires	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The father greets the singers that the aunt inspires	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The father greets the singers that the victim observes	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The father greets the uncles that the guy engages	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The father inspires the boys that the uncle observes	singular	plural	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The father inspires the girls that the victim observes	singular	plural	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the carpenters that the doctor discourages	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the friends that the poet encourages	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the lawyers that the girl greets	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the poets that the uncle admires	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the singers that the aunt greets	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The father observes the boys that the doctor understands	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The father observes the girls that the friend admires	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The father remembers the boys that the carpenter observes	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The father remembers the doctors that the woman approves	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The father remembers the mothers that the uncle admires	singular	plural	singular	remember	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The father stimulates the teachers that the singer engages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the farmers that the athlete greets	singular	plural	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the friends that the farmer confuses	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the singers that the man greets	singular	plural	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the victims that the girl inspires	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the women that the teacher inspires	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The friend admires the aunts that the boy greets	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The friend admires the aunts that the girl encourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend admires the doctors that the uncle greets	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The friend admires the singers that the lawyer avoids	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The friend admires the teachers that the farmer avoids	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The friend approves the aunts that the guy avoids	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The friend approves the lawyers that the guy engages	singular	plural	singular	approve	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend avoids the carpenters that the girl admires	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The friend avoids the carpenters that the victim approves	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The friend avoids the guys that the man admires	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The friend confuses the aunts that the carpenter admires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The friend confuses the girls that the carpenter encourages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend confuses the kids that the lawyer avoids	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The friend confuses the mothers that the victim avoids	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The friend confuses the women that the aunt criticizes	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The friend criticizes the lawyers that the victim encourages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend criticizes the uncles that the boy stimulates	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The friend discourages the athletes that the carpenter inspires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The friend discourages the athletes that the woman inspires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The friend discourages the farmers that the doctor engages	singular	plural	singular	discourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend encourages the athletes that the aunt criticizes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The friend encourages the lawyers that the poet remembers	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The friend encourages the lawyers that the victim confuses	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friend encourages the mothers that the father discourages	singular	plural	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend encourages the singers that the aunt inspires	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The friend engages the guys that the boy confuses	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friend engages the kids that the girl stimulates	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The friend engages the kids that the teacher greets	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The friend engages the victims that the singer knows	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The friend greets the doctors that the poet approves	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The friend greets the doctors that the uncle engages	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend greets the guys that the father criticizes	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The friend greets the men that the doctor confuses	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friend greets the teachers that the singer approves	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The friend inspires the aunts that the kid engages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend inspires the farmers that the kid discourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend inspires the teachers that the carpenter greets	singular	plural	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The friend inspires the uncles that the singer engages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend knows the carpenters that the woman understands	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The friend knows the fathers that the girl remembers	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The friend knows the singers that the poet criticizes	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The friend knows the victims that the woman admires	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The friend knows the women that the teacher confuses	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friend observes the teachers that the girl avoids	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The friend observes the women that the kid confuses	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friend remembers the aunts that the uncle engages	singular	plural	singular	remember	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend stimulates the boys that the victim remembers	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The friend stimulates the mothers that the farmer approves	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The friend understands the men that the father admires	singular	plural	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girl admires the friends that the mother inspires	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The girl admires the women that the athlete avoids	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The girl approves the athletes that the singer encourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl approves the men that the singer admires	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girl approves the poets that the boy criticizes	singular	plural	singular	approve	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The girl approves the teachers that the farmer confuses	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The girl approves the women that the kid engages	singular	plural	singular	approve	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl avoids the friends that the farmer encourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl avoids the mothers that the doctor stimulates	singular	plural	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The girl avoids the singers that the guy inspires	singular	plural	singular	avoid	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The girl confuses the athletes that the aunt avoids	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The girl confuses the aunts that the doctor knows	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
objdep_objrel_that	The girl confuses the boys that the woman inspires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The girl confuses the doctors that the man stimulates	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The girl confuses the kids that the man knows	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
objdep_objrel_that	The girl confuses the men that the carpenter knows	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
objdep_objrel_that	The girl confuses the women that the man avoids	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The girl discourages the aunts that the athlete criticizes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The girl discourages the fathers that the man stimulates	singular	plural	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The girl discourages the men that the guy approves	singular	plural	singular	discourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The girl engages the friends that the boy understands	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the carpenters that the boy remembers	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the kids that the farmer avoids	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the kids that the victim knows	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the lawyers that the friend admires	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the men that the uncle engages	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the men that the woman confuses	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the poets that the guy engages	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the uncles that the singer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the victims that the athlete knows	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that	The girl inspires the lawyers that the uncle engages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl inspires the singers that the aunt engages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl knows the athletes that the aunt engages	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl knows the boys that the carpenter approves	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The girl knows the carpenters that the mother observes	singular	plural	singular	know	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The girl knows the doctors that the farmer engages	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl knows the friends that the teacher greets	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The girl knows the friends that the woman remembers	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The girl knows the victims that the aunt admires	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girl observes the guys that the man engages	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl observes the uncles that the kid discourages	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl remembers the athletes that the boy approves	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The girl remembers the athletes that the man admires	singular	plural	singular	remember	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girl remembers the aunts that the friend confuses	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The girl remembers the carpenters that the father criticizes	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The girl remembers the fathers that the teacher avoids	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The girl remembers the guys that the poet engages	singular	plural	singular	remember	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl remembers the men that the friend criticizes	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The girl remembers the victims that the friend stimulates	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The girl stimulates the doctors that the woman approves	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The girl stimulates the farmers that the victim knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The girl stimulates the lawyers that the man approves	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The girl stimulates the lawyers that the uncle confuses	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The girl stimulates the poets that the boy encourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl stimulates the poets that the guy knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The girl stimulates the victims that the teacher remembers	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The girl understands the athletes that the carpenter encourages	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl understands the carpenters that the man stimulates	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The girl understands the farmers that the victim criticizes	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The girl understands the guys that the doctor inspires	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The girl understands the uncles that the farmer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The guy admires the farmers that the kid discourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy admires the men that the doctor engages	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy admires the poets that the doctor approves	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The guy admires the victims that the athlete approves	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The guy admires the victims that the friend encourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy approves the boys that the mother criticizes	singular	plural	singular	approve	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The guy approves the boys that the uncle encourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy approves the fathers that the kid engages	singular	plural	singular	approve	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy approves the kids that the farmer knows	singular	plural	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that	The guy approves the kids that the woman remembers	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guy approves the men that the mother remembers	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guy approves the teachers that the woman stimulates	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The guy avoids the aunts that the woman criticizes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The guy avoids the boys that the girl admires	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The guy avoids the boys that the uncle encourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy avoids the men that the carpenter discourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy avoids the women that the doctor approves	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The guy confuses the athletes that the teacher engages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy confuses the friends that the father admires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The guy discourages the lawyers that the singer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The guy discourages the men that the victim encourages	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy discourages the uncles that the carpenter stimulates	singular	plural	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The guy discourages the victims that the aunt observes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The guy discourages the women that the carpenter engages	singular	plural	singular	discourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy encourages the doctors that the singer observes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The guy engages the athletes that the girl admires	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The guy engages the aunts that the father stimulates	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The guy engages the carpenters that the kid confuses	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guy engages the friends that the victim encourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy engages the teachers that the athlete remembers	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guy greets the victims that the woman observes	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the aunts that the lawyer remembers	singular	plural	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the farmers that the aunt discourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the friends that the girl engages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the kids that the doctor confuses	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the men that the farmer admires	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the singers that the woman stimulates	singular	plural	singular	inspire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The guy knows the aunts that the girl confuses	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guy knows the carpenters that the aunt stimulates	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The guy knows the lawyers that the athlete stimulates	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The guy observes the doctors that the singer confuses	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guy observes the women that the girl discourages	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy remembers the athletes that the man understands	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The guy remembers the kids that the doctor criticizes	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The guy remembers the uncles that the doctor confuses	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the athletes that the man discourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the boys that the woman inspires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the carpenters that the man criticizes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the carpenters that the singer inspires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the doctors that the woman confuses	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the kids that the farmer encourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the uncles that the lawyer observes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the victims that the boy avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The guy understands the women that the boy avoids	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the carpenters that the guy avoids	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the friends that the poet remembers	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the poets that the doctor avoids	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the poets that the singer avoids	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the teachers that the victim remembers	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The kid approves the girls that the friend inspires	singular	plural	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid approves the men that the poet criticizes	singular	plural	singular	approve	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The kid approves the poets that the boy confuses	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The kid approves the poets that the mother greets	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The kid avoids the guys that the athlete confuses	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The kid avoids the victims that the athlete knows	singular	plural	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that	The kid avoids the women that the man discourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kid confuses the farmers that the athlete observes	singular	plural	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kid confuses the fathers that the mother greets	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The kid confuses the fathers that the singer remembers	singular	plural	singular	confuse	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The kid confuses the girls that the lawyer encourages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kid confuses the girls that the lawyer observes	singular	plural	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kid confuses the singers that the woman discourages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kid confuses the teachers that the farmer inspires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid criticizes the men that the woman approves	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The kid criticizes the women that the father inspires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid discourages the athletes that the aunt engages	singular	plural	singular	discourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The kid discourages the athletes that the girl understands	singular	plural	singular	discourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The kid discourages the men that the doctor observes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kid discourages the men that the woman remembers	singular	plural	singular	discourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The kid encourages the poets that the farmer greets	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The kid encourages the uncles that the friend inspires	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid engages the doctors that the teacher criticizes	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The kid engages the girls that the mother admires	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid engages the guys that the doctor knows	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The kid engages the guys that the farmer inspires	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid engages the uncles that the doctor knows	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The kid greets the men that the father observes	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kid greets the teachers that the boy encourages	singular	plural	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kid inspires the men that the victim engages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The kid inspires the teachers that the mother engages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The kid knows the doctors that the uncle engages	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The kid knows the guys that the victim stimulates	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The kid knows the poets that the singer approves	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The kid knows the uncles that the carpenter avoids	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kid knows the victims that the man avoids	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kid observes the carpenters that the uncle stimulates	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The kid observes the farmers that the guy stimulates	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The kid observes the men that the boy admires	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid remembers the aunts that the carpenter encourages	singular	plural	singular	remember	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kid remembers the aunts that the farmer inspires	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid remembers the women that the victim knows	singular	plural	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that	The kid stimulates the aunts that the man approves	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The kid stimulates the carpenters that the man avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kid stimulates the fathers that the aunt observes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kid stimulates the singers that the boy remembers	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The kid understands the boys that the man greets	singular	plural	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The kid understands the men that the singer remembers	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer approves the aunts that the boy avoids	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer approves the girls that the boy encourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer approves the girls that the doctor stimulates	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer approves the guys that the singer engages	singular	plural	singular	approve	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the doctors that the kid engages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the farmers that the mother greets	singular	plural	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the fathers that the woman stimulates	singular	plural	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the poets that the kid encourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the teachers that the uncle discourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer criticizes the girls that the man greets	singular	plural	singular	criticize	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer criticizes the men that the aunt avoids	singular	plural	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the athletes that the doctor confuses	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the men that the farmer avoids	singular	plural	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the men that the singer inspires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the uncles that the athlete encourages	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer encourages the men that the uncle inspires	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer encourages the men that the woman stimulates	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer engages the aunts that the poet remembers	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer engages the doctors that the farmer avoids	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer engages the friends that the woman criticizes	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer engages the kids that the athlete confuses	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer engages the mothers that the woman avoids	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer greets the girls that the aunt observes	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer greets the women that the girl inspires	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer inspires the aunts that the carpenter confuses	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer inspires the aunts that the guy discourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer inspires the men that the girl approves	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer inspires the uncles that the aunt avoids	singular	plural	singular	inspire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer knows the aunts that the victim discourages	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer knows the boys that the singer avoids	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer knows the kids that the aunt observes	singular	plural	singular	know	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer knows the men that the athlete avoids	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer knows the women that the victim discourages	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer observes the boys that the uncle admires	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer observes the victims that the kid confuses	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer remembers the carpenters that the aunt stimulates	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer remembers the men that the doctor inspires	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer stimulates the doctors that the singer understands	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer stimulates the farmers that the aunt greets	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer stimulates the girls that the singer admires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer stimulates the guys that the woman discourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer stimulates the kids that the athlete greets	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer stimulates the mothers that the father knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer stimulates the poets that the athlete knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer understands the friends that the woman stimulates	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer understands the teachers that the athlete inspires	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The man admires the aunts that the father engages	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The man admires the doctors that the teacher discourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The man admires the doctors that the teacher understands	singular	plural	singular	admire	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The man admires the mothers that the aunt engages	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The man approves the aunts that the lawyer greets	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The man approves the carpenters that the farmer remembers	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The man approves the farmers that the kid remembers	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The man approves the mothers that the boy remembers	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The man approves the mothers that the uncle observes	singular	plural	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The man avoids the poets that the lawyer inspires	singular	plural	singular	avoid	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The man avoids the victims that the uncle greets	singular	plural	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the doctors that the lawyer knows	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the lawyers that the boy admires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the poets that the uncle stimulates	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The man criticizes the girls that the teacher approves	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The man criticizes the victims that the girl avoids	singular	plural	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The man criticizes the women that the aunt avoids	singular	plural	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The man discourages the friends that the girl inspires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The man discourages the girls that the kid admires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The man discourages the girls that the lawyer understands	singular	plural	singular	discourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The man discourages the kids that the athlete greets	singular	plural	singular	discourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The man encourages the lawyers that the kid inspires	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the boys that the woman knows	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the doctors that the singer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the doctors that the victim encourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the friends that the victim approves	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the lawyers that the doctor avoids	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the guys that the mother inspires	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the kids that the victim avoids	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the mothers that the girl admires	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the poets that the farmer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the poets that the friend approves	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the teachers that the athlete engages	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the teachers that the guy encourages	singular	plural	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the doctors that the victim encourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the guys that the victim approves	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the poets that the uncle observes	singular	plural	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The man knows the guys that the farmer understands	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The man knows the uncles that the athlete admires	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The man knows the uncles that the carpenter avoids	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The man observes the fathers that the aunt confuses	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The man observes the girls that the singer discourages	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The man remembers the aunts that the uncle approves	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The man remembers the doctors that the farmer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The man remembers the women that the friend engages	singular	plural	singular	remember	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the athletes that the uncle inspires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the friends that the guy avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the friends that the woman knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the guys that the athlete engages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the lawyers that the father avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the mothers that the friend approves	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the women that the father observes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The man understands the athletes that the doctor avoids	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The man understands the fathers that the mother encourages	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother admires the uncles that the friend remembers	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The mother admires the victims that the man remembers	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The mother approves the athletes that the farmer inspires	singular	plural	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The mother approves the fathers that the farmer knows	singular	plural	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that	The mother approves the lawyers that the poet encourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother approves the teachers that the athlete stimulates	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The mother approves the uncles that the farmer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	approve	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The mother avoids the carpenters that the girl engages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother avoids the farmers that the athlete criticizes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The mother avoids the teachers that the man understands	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The mother avoids the uncles that the woman discourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother criticizes the carpenters that the doctor stimulates	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The mother criticizes the teachers that the boy approves	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The mother discourages the friends that the singer understands	singular	plural	singular	discourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The mother encourages the uncles that the athlete confuses	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The mother encourages the uncles that the singer confuses	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The mother encourages the victims that the farmer approves	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The mother engages the boys that the singer confuses	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The mother engages the carpenters that the guy stimulates	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The mother engages the kids that the athlete criticizes	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The mother engages the poets that the singer admires	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The mother engages the victims that the guy stimulates	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The mother engages the women that the boy criticizes	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The mother greets the athletes that the boy remembers	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The mother greets the aunts that the carpenter engages	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother greets the aunts that the kid avoids	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The mother greets the farmers that the friend admires	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The mother greets the poets that the kid engages	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother inspires the aunts that the friend approves	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The mother inspires the uncles that the woman discourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother inspires the women that the singer remembers	singular	plural	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The mother knows the doctors that the carpenter confuses	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The mother knows the kids that the poet encourages	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother knows the poets that the doctor admires	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The mother knows the poets that the friend criticizes	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The mother knows the singers that the friend stimulates	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The mother observes the carpenters that the uncle engages	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother remembers the boys that the aunt approves	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The mother remembers the carpenters that the athlete discourages	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother remembers the lawyers that the teacher inspires	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The mother remembers the lawyers that the victim avoids	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The mother remembers the singers that the friend confuses	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The mother remembers the victims that the teacher confuses	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The mother stimulates the aunts that the poet knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The mother stimulates the farmers that the girl confuses	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The mother stimulates the lawyers that the woman approves	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The mother stimulates the poets that the aunt encourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother understands the kids that the poet avoids	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The poet admires the farmers that the aunt greets	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The poet admires the mothers that the woman encourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poet admires the teachers that the singer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poet approves the boys that the lawyer remembers	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The poet approves the boys that the singer admires	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The poet approves the men that the woman remembers	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The poet approves the uncles that the kid remembers	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The poet approves the uncles that the singer encourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poet avoids the aunts that the carpenter criticizes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The poet avoids the boys that the father confuses	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The poet avoids the carpenters that the athlete stimulates	singular	plural	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poet avoids the guys that the teacher approves	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poet avoids the men that the aunt knows	singular	plural	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poet confuses the lawyers that the girl stimulates	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poet confuses the women that the teacher stimulates	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the aunts that the singer approves	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the aunts that the uncle stimulates	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the boys that the teacher stimulates	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the farmers that the man avoids	singular	plural	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the girls that the singer greets	singular	plural	singular	criticize	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the teachers that the mother knows	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poet discourages the doctors that the friend avoids	singular	plural	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The poet discourages the singers that the doctor greets	singular	plural	singular	discourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The poet discourages the women that the kid confuses	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The poet encourages the boys that the singer avoids	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The poet engages the aunts that the doctor observes	singular	plural	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The poet engages the victims that the carpenter approves	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poet greets the athletes that the friend confuses	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The poet greets the carpenters that the friend understands	singular	plural	singular	greet	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The poet greets the mothers that the lawyer approves	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poet greets the victims that the man admires	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The poet knows the athletes that the teacher observes	singular	plural	singular	know	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The poet knows the friends that the girl greets	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The poet knows the girls that the woman stimulates	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poet knows the guys that the father engages	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poet knows the victims that the boy stimulates	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poet observes the aunts that the farmer understands	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The poet observes the farmers that the mother stimulates	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poet observes the girls that the teacher admires	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The poet observes the guys that the mother admires	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The poet observes the singers that the woman inspires	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The poet remembers the carpenters that the doctor stimulates	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poet stimulates the farmers that the man admires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The poet understands the carpenters that the guy admires	singular	plural	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The poet understands the farmers that the friend stimulates	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poet understands the fathers that the kid avoids	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The poet understands the guys that the victim confuses	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The singer admires the farmers that the guy knows	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
objdep_objrel_that	The singer admires the farmers that the victim remembers	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The singer admires the men that the father greets	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The singer approves the athletes that the victim avoids	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The singer approves the boys that the kid greets	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The singer approves the fathers that the teacher discourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singer avoids the fathers that the lawyer confuses	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The singer avoids the women that the kid engages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The singer confuses the poets that the girl admires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The singer criticizes the doctors that the teacher inspires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The singer criticizes the girls that the mother knows	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that	The singer criticizes the mothers that the victim inspires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The singer criticizes the poets that the mother engages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The singer discourages the friends that the woman understands	singular	plural	singular	discourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The singer discourages the girls that the aunt greets	singular	plural	singular	discourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the aunts that the lawyer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the carpenters that the friend understands	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the girls that the friend understands	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the kids that the uncle approves	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the lawyers that the boy observes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the teachers that the doctor discourages	singular	plural	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singer engages the aunts that the lawyer approves	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The singer engages the poets that the carpenter approves	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The singer engages the victims that the teacher observes	singular	plural	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The singer greets the boys that the victim criticizes	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The singer greets the doctors that the victim stimulates	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The singer greets the fathers that the athlete engages	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The singer greets the girls that the mother approves	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The singer greets the kids that the girl approves	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the fathers that the uncle encourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the fathers that the woman observes	singular	plural	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the teachers that the poet observes	singular	plural	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The singer knows the friends that the guy understands	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The singer knows the mothers that the boy approves	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The singer observes the doctors that the man avoids	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The singer observes the girls that the friend stimulates	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The singer observes the poets that the victim understands	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The singer remembers the lawyers that the aunt observes	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The singer remembers the men that the teacher criticizes	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The singer remembers the uncles that the lawyer discourages	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singer remembers the women that the teacher approves	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The singer stimulates the aunts that the woman engages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The singer stimulates the fathers that the man avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The singer stimulates the fathers that the woman avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The singer stimulates the men that the boy confuses	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The singer stimulates the men that the boy understands	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The singer understands the doctors that the carpenter greets	singular	plural	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher admires the farmers that the mother remembers	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher admires the men that the woman confuses	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher approves the mothers that the doctor admires	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher approves the poets that the friend knows	singular	plural	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher avoids the fathers that the woman admires	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher avoids the friends that the poet stimulates	singular	plural	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher avoids the men that the kid greets	singular	plural	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher avoids the mothers that the uncle engages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher avoids the uncles that the father stimulates	singular	plural	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher confuses the mothers that the girl approves	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher confuses the uncles that the boy understands	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher criticizes the singers that the uncle confuses	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher criticizes the uncles that the carpenter engages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher criticizes the uncles that the carpenter observes	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher discourages the boys that the mother avoids	singular	plural	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher discourages the men that the carpenter admires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the fathers that the athlete observes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the guys that the carpenter approves	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher engages the athletes that the lawyer avoids	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher engages the mothers that the lawyer knows	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher greets the athletes that the woman confuses	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher inspires the fathers that the victim confuses	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher knows the mothers that the carpenter greets	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher knows the singers that the farmer understands	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher observes the boys that the uncle greets	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher observes the lawyers that the uncle understands	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher remembers the friends that the farmer confuses	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher remembers the girls that the doctor confuses	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher remembers the kids that the victim avoids	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher remembers the uncles that the farmer knows	singular	plural	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher understands the girls that the lawyer engages	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher understands the girls that the singer approves	singular	plural	singular	understand	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher understands the men that the girl criticizes	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle admires the athletes that the boy inspires	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle admires the friends that the man inspires	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle admires the poets that the victim engages	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle approves the doctors that the woman remembers	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle approves the fathers that the boy knows	singular	plural	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle approves the guys that the boy understands	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle approves the singers that the girl admires	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle avoids the fathers that the woman stimulates	singular	plural	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle avoids the victims that the girl discourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle confuses the athletes that the man greets	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle confuses the fathers that the athlete understands	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle confuses the fathers that the farmer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle confuses the lawyers that the mother understands	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle confuses the men that the athlete observes	singular	plural	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle discourages the teachers that the farmer knows	singular	plural	singular	discourage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle encourages the aunts that the friend criticizes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle encourages the mothers that the lawyer remembers	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle encourages the poets that the lawyer remembers	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle encourages the poets that the victim discourages	singular	plural	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle engages the aunts that the carpenter approves	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle engages the boys that the guy greets	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle engages the farmers that the guy approves	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle engages the girls that the father remembers	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle greets the aunts that the athlete stimulates	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle greets the girls that the athlete confuses	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle greets the girls that the father engages	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle greets the girls that the kid inspires	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the fathers that the poet observes	singular	plural	singular	know	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the guys that the aunt stimulates	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the guys that the mother remembers	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the kids that the girl avoids	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the lawyers that the guy approves	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the men that the singer avoids	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the women that the aunt criticizes	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle observes the aunts that the poet admires	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle observes the singers that the doctor stimulates	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle remembers the athletes that the lawyer encourages	singular	plural	singular	remember	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle remembers the aunts that the man stimulates	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle remembers the boys that the teacher greets	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle remembers the girls that the woman avoids	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the athletes that the boy engages	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the boys that the singer engages	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the farmers that the girl criticizes	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the friends that the aunt stimulates	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the friends that the boy remembers	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the lawyers that the guy criticizes	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The victim admires the aunts that the carpenter stimulates	singular	plural	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The victim admires the aunts that the uncle engages	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim admires the doctors that the man approves	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The victim approves the guys that the aunt greets	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The victim avoids the athletes that the uncle discourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim avoids the aunts that the farmer inspires	singular	plural	singular	avoid	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The victim avoids the women that the poet remembers	singular	plural	singular	avoid	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The victim confuses the kids that the uncle remembers	singular	plural	singular	confuse	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The victim criticizes the athletes that the singer remembers	singular	plural	singular	criticize	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The victim criticizes the doctors that the girl inspires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The victim criticizes the doctors that the kid stimulates	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The victim criticizes the girls that the athlete remembers	singular	plural	singular	criticize	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The victim criticizes the men that the guy approves	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The victim criticizes the uncles that the teacher engages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim discourages the doctors that the girl observes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The victim discourages the teachers that the friend remembers	singular	plural	singular	discourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the carpenters that the poet remembers	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the mothers that the girl admires	singular	plural	singular	encourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the teachers that the man confuses	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The victim engages the carpenters that the boy approves	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The victim engages the carpenters that the farmer understands	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The victim engages the guys that the father encourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim engages the poets that the father confuses	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The victim greets the aunts that the singer avoids	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The victim greets the boys that the mother avoids	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The victim greets the boys that the uncle confuses	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The victim greets the kids that the uncle remembers	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The victim inspires the athletes that the singer understands	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The victim inspires the guys that the aunt confuses	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The victim inspires the mothers that the guy encourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim inspires the singers that the woman criticizes	singular	plural	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The victim inspires the women that the teacher knows	singular	plural	singular	inspire	know
objdep_objrel_that	The victim knows the doctors that the kid confuses	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The victim knows the fathers that the athlete avoids	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The victim knows the guys that the mother stimulates	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The victim knows the poets that the boy encourages	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim knows the singers that the aunt greets	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The victim knows the singers that the doctor inspires	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The victim knows the uncles that the singer engages	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim observes the friends that the man stimulates	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The victim observes the women that the poet knows	singular	plural	singular	observe	know
objdep_objrel_that	The victim remembers the athletes that the poet encourages	singular	plural	singular	remember	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim remembers the fathers that the uncle encourages	singular	plural	singular	remember	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim stimulates the farmers that the boy avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The victim stimulates the friends that the teacher engages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the athletes that the aunt stimulates	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the athletes that the woman inspires	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the aunts that the poet greets	singular	plural	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the carpenters that the teacher knows	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the girls that the mother greets	singular	plural	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the men that the singer avoids	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the poets that the doctor inspires	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the teachers that the lawyer remembers	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The woman admires the boys that the doctor criticizes	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The woman admires the doctors that the friend inspires	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The woman admires the friends that the father remembers	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The woman admires the teachers that the singer encourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the friends that the kid discourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the lawyers that the mother encourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the poets that the uncle admires	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the teachers that the farmer avoids	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the uncles that the kid admires	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The woman avoids the athletes that the farmer greets	singular	plural	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The woman avoids the carpenters that the girl greets	singular	plural	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The woman avoids the friends that the kid remembers	singular	plural	singular	avoid	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The woman avoids the victims that the guy inspires	singular	plural	singular	avoid	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The woman confuses the poets that the athlete criticizes	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The woman confuses the victims that the singer approves	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The woman criticizes the boys that the poet avoids	singular	plural	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The woman criticizes the teachers that the guy encourages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman discourages the farmers that the boy confuses	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The woman discourages the kids that the lawyer understands	singular	plural	singular	discourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The woman encourages the guys that the aunt confuses	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The woman encourages the singers that the aunt inspires	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The woman encourages the uncles that the lawyer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The woman engages the farmers that the kid remembers	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The woman engages the farmers that the teacher admires	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The woman engages the men that the teacher observes	singular	plural	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The woman engages the mothers that the man observes	singular	plural	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The woman greets the girls that the lawyer discourages	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman greets the kids that the boy avoids	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The woman greets the uncles that the athlete confuses	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The woman inspires the athletes that the father admires	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The woman inspires the teachers that the lawyer greets	singular	plural	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The woman inspires the uncles that the boy approves	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the athletes that the friend avoids	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the boys that the father avoids	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the boys that the guy greets	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the carpenters that the athlete admires	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the carpenters that the teacher observes	singular	plural	singular	know	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the fathers that the girl approves	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the lawyers that the doctor encourages	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the victims that the boy engages	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman observes the aunts that the boy stimulates	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The woman observes the boys that the lawyer confuses	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The woman observes the carpenters that the man encourages	singular	plural	singular	observe	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman observes the farmers that the athlete confuses	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The woman remembers the kids that the poet greets	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The woman remembers the lawyers that the man knows	singular	plural	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the carpenters that the guy observes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the doctors that the father confuses	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the lawyers that the aunt discourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the poets that the victim knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the teachers that the uncle understands	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the farmers that the singer remembers	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the fathers that the poet approves	singular	plural	singular	understand	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the men that the mother remembers	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the poets that the mother approves	singular	plural	singular	understand	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the uncles that the doctor admires	singular	plural	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete admires the carpenters that the men inspire	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete admires the friends that the boys criticize	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete admires the men that the boys confuse	singular	plural	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete admires the victims that the aunts remember	singular	plural	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete approves the friends that the boys confuse	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete approves the friends that the women stimulate	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete approves the lawyers that the aunts remember	singular	plural	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete approves the uncles that the guys remember	singular	plural	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the carpenters that the girls inspire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the friends that the mothers admire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the teachers that the aunts stimulate	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the uncles that the women observe	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete confuses the doctors that the kids observe	singular	plural	plural	confuse	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete confuses the fathers that the men stimulate	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete confuses the friends that the girls encourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete confuses the lawyers that the women remember	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete criticizes the doctors that the guys encourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete discourages the fathers that the girls admire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete encourages the fathers that the carpenters avoid	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete encourages the kids that the teachers remember	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete encourages the mothers that the fathers know	singular	plural	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the doctors that the women avoid	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the friends that the poets approve	singular	plural	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the girls that the boys approve	singular	plural	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the singers that the girls confuse	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the victims that the friends observe	singular	plural	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the carpenters that the women approve	singular	plural	plural	greet	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the victims that the men observe	singular	plural	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete inspires the carpenters that the aunts discourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete inspires the victims that the guys admire	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete knows the men that the boys greet	singular	plural	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete knows the victims that the doctors criticize	singular	plural	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the aunts that the fathers inspire	singular	plural	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the carpenters that the singers know	singular	plural	plural	observe	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the doctors that the women understand	singular	plural	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the fathers that the women remember	singular	plural	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the friends that the uncles encourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the guys that the boys remember	singular	plural	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete remembers the uncles that the guys avoid	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the doctors that the women engage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the guys that the doctors greet	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the singers that the doctors criticize	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the victims that the fathers know	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete understands the men that the mothers know	singular	plural	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete understands the victims that the singers know	singular	plural	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt admires the friends that the lawyers approve	singular	plural	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt admires the kids that the singers observe	singular	plural	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt admires the victims that the carpenters observe	singular	plural	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt admires the victims that the doctors observe	singular	plural	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt admires the victims that the men discourage	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt approves the carpenters that the athletes know	singular	plural	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt approves the farmers that the friends remember	singular	plural	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt approves the teachers that the farmers criticize	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt approves the teachers that the poets confuse	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt approves the uncles that the mothers greet	singular	plural	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt avoids the boys that the friends discourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt avoids the guys that the kids confuse	singular	plural	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt avoids the lawyers that the kids approve	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt confuses the lawyers that the poets inspire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt confuses the lawyers that the women engage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt criticizes the kids that the lawyers understand	singular	plural	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt criticizes the mothers that the athletes know	singular	plural	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the athletes that the girls know	singular	plural	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the boys that the fathers approve	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the carpenters that the athletes understand	singular	plural	plural	discourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the guys that the poets confuse	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the men that the singers inspire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the boys that the doctors greet	singular	plural	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the doctors that the uncles avoid	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the guys that the fathers approve	singular	plural	plural	encourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the singers that the women remember	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the teachers that the guys remember	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the victims that the uncles avoid	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt engages the girls that the boys avoid	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt greets the farmers that the fathers observe	singular	plural	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt greets the farmers that the singers observe	singular	plural	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt greets the guys that the girls engage	singular	plural	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt greets the poets that the kids understand	singular	plural	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt greets the victims that the women discourage	singular	plural	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt greets the women that the girls engage	singular	plural	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt inspires the carpenters that the fathers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt inspires the farmers that the men engage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt inspires the kids that the poets observe	singular	plural	plural	inspire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt inspires the mothers that the athletes stimulate	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt inspires the uncles that the guys criticize	singular	plural	plural	inspire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt knows the men that the singers understand	singular	plural	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt observes the girls that the friends greet	singular	plural	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt observes the kids that the fathers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	observe	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt observes the uncles that the mothers approve	singular	plural	plural	observe	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt remembers the carpenters that the friends encourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt remembers the doctors that the teachers encourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt remembers the fathers that the mothers admire	singular	plural	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt remembers the kids that the poets confuse	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt stimulates the boys that the poets remember	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt stimulates the doctors that the guys greet	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt stimulates the friends that the athletes engage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt stimulates the guys that the athletes criticize	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt stimulates the men that the teachers understand	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt understands the girls that the poets greet	singular	plural	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt understands the guys that the athletes admire	singular	plural	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt understands the mothers that the kids observe	singular	plural	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt understands the mothers that the poets approve	singular	plural	plural	understand	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt understands the teachers that the carpenters criticize	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boy admires the carpenters that the fathers understand	singular	plural	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The boy admires the girls that the poets stimulate	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The boy admires the kids that the uncles criticize	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boy admires the lawyers that the fathers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The boy approves the mothers that the farmers criticize	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boy approves the victims that the men encourage	singular	plural	plural	approve	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy avoids the carpenters that the guys approve	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The boy avoids the fathers that the aunts admire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The boy avoids the girls that the lawyers greet	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The boy avoids the singers that the mothers discourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy avoids the singers that the teachers inspire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The boy avoids the uncles that the carpenters confuse	singular	plural	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The boy avoids the uncles that the fathers know	singular	plural	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The boy confuses the singers that the poets understand	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The boy confuses the uncles that the guys criticize	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boy criticizes the fathers that the guys know	singular	plural	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The boy criticizes the uncles that the singers encourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy discourages the carpenters that the girls criticize	singular	plural	plural	discourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boy discourages the girls that the victims inspire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The boy discourages the kids that the men approve	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The boy discourages the mothers that the women encourage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy encourages the guys that the mothers remember	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The boy encourages the mothers that the carpenters stimulate	singular	plural	plural	encourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The boy engages the guys that the kids confuse	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The boy engages the men that the kids understand	singular	plural	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The boy engages the victims that the farmers criticize	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boy engages the women that the guys admire	singular	plural	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The boy greets the fathers that the singers discourage	singular	plural	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy greets the friends that the girls engage	singular	plural	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy greets the guys that the women engage	singular	plural	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy greets the poets that the victims confuse	singular	plural	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The boy greets the uncles that the poets observe	singular	plural	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The boy inspires the athletes that the friends approve	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The boy inspires the farmers that the teachers discourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy inspires the lawyers that the girls stimulate	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The boy inspires the singers that the carpenters encourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy knows the athletes that the mothers criticize	singular	plural	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boy knows the carpenters that the women avoid	singular	plural	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The boy knows the fathers that the poets criticize	singular	plural	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boy knows the girls that the fathers understand	singular	plural	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The boy knows the guys that the aunts engage	singular	plural	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy knows the kids that the doctors avoid	singular	plural	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The boy observes the fathers that the friends encourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy observes the poets that the singers engage	singular	plural	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy observes the teachers that the guys remember	singular	plural	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The boy remembers the athletes that the mothers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The boy remembers the carpenters that the uncles avoid	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The boy remembers the farmers that the men avoid	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The boy remembers the men that the carpenters approve	singular	plural	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The boy remembers the women that the poets observe	singular	plural	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The boy stimulates the aunts that the singers inspire	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The boy understands the athletes that the girls stimulate	singular	plural	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The boy understands the aunts that the kids avoid	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The boy understands the singers that the teachers observe	singular	plural	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The boy understands the uncles that the teachers inspire	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the athletes that the victims stimulate	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the farmers that the fathers inspire	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the friends that the mothers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the men that the friends inspire	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the poets that the guys approve	singular	plural	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the victims that the aunts know	singular	plural	plural	admire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the doctors that the singers greet	singular	plural	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the fathers that the lawyers avoid	singular	plural	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the girls that the friends inspire	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the kids that the poets inspire	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the victims that the farmers know	singular	plural	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the fathers that the kids know	singular	plural	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the girls that the friends admire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the lawyers that the athletes discourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the poets that the athletes discourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the aunts that the women stimulate	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the guys that the poets discourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the singers that the doctors understand	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the uncles that the teachers understand	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter confuses the victims that the aunts discourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter criticizes the aunts that the singers know	singular	plural	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter discourages the boys that the men confuse	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter discourages the lawyers that the kids understand	singular	plural	plural	discourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter discourages the uncles that the lawyers remember	singular	plural	plural	discourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter encourages the girls that the lawyers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	encourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter encourages the teachers that the doctors approve	singular	plural	plural	encourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter encourages the victims that the athletes remember	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter engages the doctors that the mothers greet	singular	plural	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter engages the girls that the boys remember	singular	plural	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter engages the mothers that the fathers confuse	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter engages the victims that the girls remember	singular	plural	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter greets the aunts that the mothers inspire	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter greets the guys that the farmers know	singular	plural	plural	greet	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter greets the women that the fathers confuse	singular	plural	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter inspires the aunts that the fathers discourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter inspires the doctors that the friends criticize	singular	plural	plural	inspire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter inspires the doctors that the kids approve	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter inspires the fathers that the teachers avoid	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter knows the fathers that the kids encourage	singular	plural	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter knows the kids that the aunts discourage	singular	plural	plural	know	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter knows the lawyers that the women admire	singular	plural	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter observes the guys that the victims know	singular	plural	plural	observe	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter observes the lawyers that the men avoid	singular	plural	plural	observe	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter remembers the aunts that the farmers admire	singular	plural	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter remembers the lawyers that the doctors understand	singular	plural	plural	remember	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter remembers the singers that the boys inspire	singular	plural	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter remembers the women that the mothers approve	singular	plural	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the mothers that the singers discourage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the women that the teachers engage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the aunts that the boys criticize	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the farmers that the friends observe	singular	plural	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the mothers that the kids engage	singular	plural	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor admires the aunts that the kids observe	singular	plural	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor admires the women that the victims criticize	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the athletes that the guys avoid	singular	plural	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the teachers that the aunts admire	singular	plural	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the teachers that the men remember	singular	plural	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the teachers that the mothers engage	singular	plural	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the uncles that the lawyers encourage	singular	plural	plural	approve	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the athletes that the poets discourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the farmers that the fathers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the girls that the mothers approve	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the guys that the uncles remember	singular	plural	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the teachers that the carpenters approve	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the victims that the aunts understand	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor confuses the aunts that the boys criticize	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor confuses the farmers that the victims encourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor confuses the girls that the singers understand	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor confuses the victims that the kids approve	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor criticizes the athletes that the farmers encourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor criticizes the lawyers that the kids observe	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor discourages the girls that the poets observe	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor discourages the poets that the victims observe	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor discourages the women that the guys approve	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor encourages the fathers that the athletes inspire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor encourages the men that the uncles remember	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor engages the singers that the poets know	singular	plural	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor greets the farmers that the men remember	singular	plural	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor greets the fathers that the lawyers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor greets the guys that the women avoid	singular	plural	plural	greet	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor greets the lawyers that the teachers avoid	singular	plural	plural	greet	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor greets the men that the victims understand	singular	plural	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor greets the mothers that the uncles inspire	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor greets the mothers that the women engage	singular	plural	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor greets the victims that the aunts approve	singular	plural	plural	greet	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the aunts that the singers approve	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the farmers that the athletes remember	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the farmers that the kids encourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the guys that the girls approve	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the teachers that the mothers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the uncles that the carpenters observe	singular	plural	plural	inspire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor knows the athletes that the guys criticize	singular	plural	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor knows the kids that the aunts admire	singular	plural	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor observes the athletes that the farmers confuse	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor observes the boys that the men engage	singular	plural	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor observes the uncles that the women criticize	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor observes the victims that the singers criticize	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor remembers the girls that the singers encourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor remembers the kids that the poets inspire	singular	plural	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor stimulates the farmers that the friends criticize	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor stimulates the uncles that the mothers criticize	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor understands the aunts that the uncles inspire	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor understands the carpenters that the lawyers observe	singular	plural	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor understands the fathers that the boys discourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor understands the kids that the poets engage	singular	plural	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor understands the men that the uncles inspire	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer admires the friends that the guys stimulate	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer admires the lawyers that the teachers confuse	singular	plural	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the girls that the victims greet	singular	plural	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the lawyers that the girls admire	singular	plural	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the men that the doctors remember	singular	plural	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the poets that the women criticize	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the uncles that the guys understand	singular	plural	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer avoids the girls that the athletes discourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer confuses the athletes that the victims stimulate	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer confuses the kids that the poets admire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer confuses the mothers that the guys understand	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer confuses the poets that the doctors remember	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer confuses the women that the victims criticize	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer criticizes the doctors that the friends understand	singular	plural	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer criticizes the mothers that the friends remember	singular	plural	plural	criticize	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer criticizes the uncles that the mothers greet	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer discourages the boys that the fathers admire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer discourages the boys that the victims inspire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer discourages the kids that the women confuse	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer discourages the mothers that the doctors engage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the athletes that the girls engage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the aunts that the men observe	singular	plural	plural	encourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the carpenters that the boys inspire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the kids that the mothers understand	singular	plural	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the singers that the fathers inspire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer engages the fathers that the singers confuse	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer engages the poets that the uncles greet	singular	plural	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer engages the victims that the boys know	singular	plural	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer greets the friends that the victims observe	singular	plural	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer greets the teachers that the singers remember	singular	plural	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the aunts that the friends avoid	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the boys that the poets remember	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the boys that the victims admire	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the boys that the women know	singular	plural	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the friends that the carpenters admire	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the lawyers that the teachers confuse	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the men that the carpenters discourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the mothers that the doctors approve	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the teachers that the kids encourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer observes the boys that the doctors inspire	singular	plural	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer observes the girls that the friends understand	singular	plural	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer observes the girls that the singers remember	singular	plural	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer observes the women that the men encourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer remembers the boys that the poets inspire	singular	plural	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer remembers the poets that the doctors stimulate	singular	plural	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer stimulates the aunts that the poets approve	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer understands the boys that the fathers observe	singular	plural	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer understands the girls that the guys observe	singular	plural	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer understands the women that the kids inspire	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The father avoids the carpenters that the aunts inspire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The father avoids the carpenters that the guys observe	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The father avoids the doctors that the teachers approve	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The father avoids the farmers that the lawyers know	singular	plural	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The father avoids the women that the girls greet	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The father confuses the athletes that the women approve	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The father confuses the girls that the victims inspire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The father confuses the lawyers that the mothers admire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The father confuses the uncles that the teachers criticize	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The father criticizes the aunts that the carpenters discourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The father criticizes the aunts that the women stimulate	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The father criticizes the boys that the singers greet	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The father criticizes the carpenters that the boys admire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The father criticizes the kids that the men stimulate	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The father criticizes the men that the girls approve	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The father criticizes the poets that the kids stimulate	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The father criticizes the uncles that the guys know	singular	plural	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The father discourages the doctors that the athletes know	singular	plural	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The father discourages the lawyers that the teachers approve	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The father discourages the teachers that the carpenters admire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The father discourages the uncles that the mothers know	singular	plural	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The father encourages the farmers that the women inspire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The father engages the kids that the women avoid	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The father engages the singers that the athletes observe	singular	plural	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The father engages the uncles that the farmers avoid	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The father greets the kids that the victims know	singular	plural	plural	greet	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The father inspires the mothers that the aunts greet	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the athletes that the singers remember	singular	plural	plural	know	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the boys that the farmers admire	singular	plural	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the farmers that the friends greet	singular	plural	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the guys that the victims confuse	singular	plural	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the lawyers that the uncles engage	singular	plural	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the teachers that the aunts greet	singular	plural	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The father observes the boys that the singers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	observe	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The father observes the victims that the doctors admire	singular	plural	plural	observe	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The father observes the victims that the poets discourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The father remembers the friends that the men admire	singular	plural	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The father remembers the poets that the carpenters avoid	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the boys that the friends remember	singular	plural	plural	understand	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the doctors that the girls observe	singular	plural	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the doctors that the women admire	singular	plural	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the friends that the kids discourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the lawyers that the boys discourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the victims that the men criticize	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the women that the friends know	singular	plural	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The friend approves the girls that the fathers criticize	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The friend approves the poets that the girls know	singular	plural	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The friend approves the poets that the men know	singular	plural	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The friend approves the singers that the victims know	singular	plural	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The friend avoids the boys that the teachers discourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend criticizes the athletes that the carpenters approve	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The friend criticizes the boys that the fathers remember	singular	plural	plural	criticize	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The friend criticizes the carpenters that the poets understand	singular	plural	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The friend criticizes the farmers that the victims approve	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The friend criticizes the victims that the teachers confuse	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The friend discourages the aunts that the kids avoid	singular	plural	plural	discourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The friend discourages the men that the kids encourage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend discourages the victims that the singers observe	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The friend encourages the girls that the aunts greet	singular	plural	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The friend engages the lawyers that the doctors greet	singular	plural	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The friend engages the uncles that the doctors greet	singular	plural	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The friend engages the women that the kids criticize	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The friend greets the men that the women inspire	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The friend greets the victims that the athletes understand	singular	plural	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The friend inspires the carpenters that the fathers understand	singular	plural	plural	inspire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The friend inspires the teachers that the athletes avoid	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The friend knows the fathers that the uncles engage	singular	plural	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend knows the lawyers that the kids admire	singular	plural	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friend knows the teachers that the girls inspire	singular	plural	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The friend observes the girls that the carpenters greet	singular	plural	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The friend remembers the farmers that the mothers criticize	singular	plural	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The friend remembers the lawyers that the kids greet	singular	plural	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The friend remembers the teachers that the boys admire	singular	plural	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friend remembers the teachers that the women admire	singular	plural	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friend remembers the women that the doctors engage	singular	plural	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend stimulates the girls that the men discourage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend stimulates the men that the doctors avoid	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The friend stimulates the victims that the teachers engage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend understands the doctors that the athletes avoid	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The friend understands the farmers that the victims inspire	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The friend understands the girls that the doctors stimulate	singular	plural	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The friend understands the lawyers that the mothers encourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend understands the victims that the aunts discourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl admires the athletes that the men encourage	singular	plural	plural	admire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl admires the doctors that the women stimulate	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girl admires the farmers that the singers know	singular	plural	plural	admire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The girl approves the aunts that the lawyers understand	singular	plural	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The girl approves the aunts that the uncles admire	singular	plural	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The girl approves the victims that the aunts observe	singular	plural	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The girl approves the women that the fathers greet	singular	plural	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The girl approves the women that the uncles remember	singular	plural	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The girl avoids the aunts that the boys remember	singular	plural	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The girl avoids the carpenters that the poets observe	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The girl avoids the poets that the women approve	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The girl avoids the singers that the mothers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girl confuses the fathers that the aunts approve	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The girl confuses the mothers that the aunts approve	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The girl confuses the poets that the mothers greet	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The girl criticizes the carpenters that the women discourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl criticizes the doctors that the fathers admire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The girl criticizes the kids that the lawyers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girl criticizes the teachers that the guys observe	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The girl discourages the aunts that the lawyers admire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The girl discourages the carpenters that the aunts encourage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl discourages the farmers that the kids observe	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The girl discourages the guys that the athletes engage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl encourages the boys that the women avoid	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The girl encourages the lawyers that the fathers greet	singular	plural	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The girl encourages the poets that the fathers discourage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl encourages the poets that the uncles discourage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl encourages the singers that the farmers avoid	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The girl engages the doctors that the mothers encourage	singular	plural	plural	engage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl engages the poets that the farmers understand	singular	plural	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The girl engages the uncles that the kids discourage	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the athletes that the guys confuse	singular	plural	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the kids that the poets understand	singular	plural	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the men that the uncles inspire	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the poets that the men remember	singular	plural	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the singers that the women stimulate	singular	plural	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the teachers that the boys stimulate	singular	plural	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the uncles that the boys stimulate	singular	plural	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the uncles that the men engage	singular	plural	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl inspires the fathers that the lawyers know	singular	plural	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The girl inspires the guys that the singers discourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl inspires the kids that the doctors greet	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The girl inspires the teachers that the kids discourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl inspires the uncles that the guys remember	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The girl knows the women that the athletes greet	singular	plural	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The girl observes the carpenters that the farmers encourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl observes the friends that the teachers engage	singular	plural	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl remembers the carpenters that the guys inspire	singular	plural	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The girl remembers the victims that the women stimulate	singular	plural	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girl stimulates the athletes that the kids greet	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The girl stimulates the carpenters that the fathers avoid	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The girl stimulates the doctors that the men avoid	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The girl stimulates the friends that the aunts know	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The girl stimulates the poets that the victims criticize	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The girl stimulates the singers that the guys encourage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl understands the lawyers that the victims admire	singular	plural	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The girl understands the poets that the aunts observe	singular	plural	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The girl understands the women that the athletes observe	singular	plural	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The girl understands the women that the boys criticize	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The guy approves the teachers that the men criticize	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The guy avoids the athletes that the kids know	singular	plural	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The guy avoids the farmers that the uncles engage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy avoids the kids that the fathers admire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The guy avoids the teachers that the doctors encourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy confuses the poets that the victims understand	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The guy criticizes the doctors that the victims know	singular	plural	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The guy criticizes the friends that the carpenters observe	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The guy criticizes the women that the friends discourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy discourages the fathers that the poets observe	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The guy discourages the men that the doctors avoid	singular	plural	plural	discourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The guy discourages the victims that the uncles know	singular	plural	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The guy discourages the victims that the women approve	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The guy encourages the friends that the fathers admire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The guy encourages the girls that the farmers greet	singular	plural	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guy engages the fathers that the mothers greet	singular	plural	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guy engages the poets that the carpenters discourage	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy engages the singers that the men criticize	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The guy engages the uncles that the men observe	singular	plural	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The guy greets the victims that the farmers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The guy greets the women that the doctors remember	singular	plural	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the carpenters that the fathers approve	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the farmers that the mothers discourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the farmers that the poets discourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the fathers that the women admire	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the poets that the mothers greet	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the victims that the fathers greet	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the women that the doctors discourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy knows the farmers that the poets encourage	singular	plural	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy knows the friends that the lawyers encourage	singular	plural	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy knows the men that the carpenters understand	singular	plural	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The guy observes the athletes that the mothers inspire	singular	plural	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guy observes the men that the singers remember	singular	plural	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guy observes the victims that the singers approve	singular	plural	plural	observe	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The guy remembers the athletes that the poets understand	singular	plural	plural	remember	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The guy remembers the kids that the men observe	singular	plural	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The guy remembers the mothers that the fathers inspire	singular	plural	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guy remembers the singers that the lawyers confuse	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The guy remembers the uncles that the boys criticize	singular	plural	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the doctors that the girls observe	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the girls that the uncles encourage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy understands the farmers that the uncles stimulate	singular	plural	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The guy understands the friends that the mothers avoid	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The guy understands the victims that the girls engage	singular	plural	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the farmers that the teachers understand	singular	plural	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the poets that the athletes criticize	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The kid approves the athletes that the boys discourage	singular	plural	plural	approve	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid approves the carpenters that the victims observe	singular	plural	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The kid approves the doctors that the uncles remember	singular	plural	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The kid approves the lawyers that the poets avoid	singular	plural	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kid approves the singers that the guys confuse	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kid approves the singers that the mothers remember	singular	plural	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The kid avoids the athletes that the girls greet	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The kid avoids the boys that the farmers admire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The kid avoids the girls that the aunts encourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid avoids the girls that the women greet	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The kid avoids the poets that the fathers remember	singular	plural	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The kid confuses the athletes that the farmers avoid	singular	plural	plural	confuse	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kid confuses the friends that the girls greet	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The kid criticizes the athletes that the lawyers discourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid criticizes the doctors that the mothers observe	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The kid criticizes the farmers that the fathers discourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid criticizes the fathers that the mothers avoid	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kid criticizes the fathers that the women confuse	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kid criticizes the girls that the victims observe	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The kid criticizes the men that the uncles understand	singular	plural	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The kid criticizes the victims that the singers observe	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The kid discourages the fathers that the guys avoid	singular	plural	plural	discourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kid discourages the uncles that the doctors encourage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid discourages the victims that the teachers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	discourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The kid encourages the guys that the friends inspire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The kid encourages the singers that the mothers confuse	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kid engages the carpenters that the singers remember	singular	plural	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The kid engages the guys that the women understand	singular	plural	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The kid greets the boys that the athletes engage	singular	plural	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid greets the poets that the lawyers engage	singular	plural	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid inspires the girls that the boys know	singular	plural	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The kid inspires the poets that the teachers confuse	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kid knows the fathers that the victims criticize	singular	plural	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The kid knows the guys that the teachers observe	singular	plural	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The kid knows the men that the aunts admire	singular	plural	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The kid observes the boys that the farmers discourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid observes the girls that the farmers engage	singular	plural	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid remembers the fathers that the mothers admire	singular	plural	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The kid remembers the fathers that the singers approve	singular	plural	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The kid remembers the teachers that the friends greet	singular	plural	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The kid stimulates the men that the fathers observe	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The kid understands the athletes that the friends stimulate	singular	plural	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The kid understands the boys that the men greet	singular	plural	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The kid understands the doctors that the fathers engage	singular	plural	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid understands the mothers that the friends greet	singular	plural	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The kid understands the victims that the women inspire	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer admires the athletes that the mothers criticize	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer admires the farmers that the fathers approve	singular	plural	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer admires the girls that the friends inspire	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer admires the uncles that the athletes observe	singular	plural	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer admires the uncles that the men stimulate	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer approves the carpenters that the fathers engage	singular	plural	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer approves the carpenters that the kids engage	singular	plural	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer approves the doctors that the guys avoid	singular	plural	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer approves the friends that the boys criticize	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer approves the girls that the men confuse	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer approves the guys that the kids remember	singular	plural	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the farmers that the friends discourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the girls that the carpenters encourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer confuses the athletes that the kids know	singular	plural	plural	confuse	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer confuses the doctors that the girls remember	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer confuses the friends that the victims stimulate	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer confuses the poets that the victims encourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer confuses the singers that the carpenters encourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer criticizes the boys that the fathers engage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer criticizes the farmers that the girls admire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer criticizes the girls that the mothers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer criticizes the uncles that the athletes approve	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer criticizes the uncles that the singers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the athletes that the friends know	singular	plural	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the carpenters that the athletes engage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the doctors that the teachers remember	singular	plural	plural	discourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the teachers that the boys approve	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer encourages the friends that the boys avoid	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer encourages the kids that the guys know	singular	plural	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer encourages the men that the boys confuse	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer engages the aunts that the fathers remember	singular	plural	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer engages the friends that the guys remember	singular	plural	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer greets the doctors that the boys encourage	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer inspires the fathers that the athletes stimulate	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer inspires the poets that the uncles admire	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer knows the doctors that the friends approve	singular	plural	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer knows the fathers that the aunts stimulate	singular	plural	plural	know	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer observes the athletes that the mothers approve	singular	plural	plural	observe	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer observes the doctors that the carpenters avoid	singular	plural	plural	observe	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer observes the farmers that the carpenters criticize	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer observes the fathers that the athletes greet	singular	plural	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer observes the men that the carpenters approve	singular	plural	plural	observe	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer observes the teachers that the uncles encourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer remembers the doctors that the men know	singular	plural	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer remembers the teachers that the poets greet	singular	plural	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer stimulates the singers that the boys know	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer understands the boys that the friends avoid	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer understands the boys that the friends criticize	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer understands the carpenters that the men confuse	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer understands the fathers that the carpenters approve	singular	plural	plural	understand	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer understands the fathers that the poets avoid	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer understands the guys that the men criticize	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer understands the mothers that the kids know	singular	plural	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer understands the mothers that the uncles confuse	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The man admires the boys that the doctors greet	singular	plural	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The man admires the friends that the doctors discourage	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The man admires the girls that the lawyers remember	singular	plural	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The man admires the guys that the fathers discourage	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The man admires the kids that the fathers criticize	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The man admires the singers that the fathers avoid	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The man approves the boys that the guys observe	singular	plural	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The man approves the friends that the fathers discourage	singular	plural	plural	approve	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The man approves the poets that the uncles confuse	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The man avoids the mothers that the athletes discourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The man avoids the singers that the mothers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The man avoids the teachers that the lawyers engage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the carpenters that the athletes observe	singular	plural	plural	confuse	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the carpenters that the lawyers criticize	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the fathers that the mothers know	singular	plural	plural	confuse	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the fathers that the singers avoid	singular	plural	plural	confuse	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the girls that the friends inspire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the guys that the girls greet	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the kids that the doctors approve	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The man criticizes the athletes that the mothers remember	singular	plural	plural	criticize	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The man criticizes the girls that the friends engage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The man discourages the boys that the doctors approve	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The man discourages the friends that the aunts approve	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The man discourages the guys that the athletes admire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The man discourages the victims that the poets greet	singular	plural	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The man encourages the lawyers that the fathers avoid	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The man encourages the poets that the victims admire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the doctors that the poets know	singular	plural	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the mothers that the fathers admire	singular	plural	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the singers that the girls observe	singular	plural	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the women that the guys approve	singular	plural	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the athletes that the friends confuse	singular	plural	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the doctors that the fathers inspire	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the singers that the friends engage	singular	plural	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the lawyers that the guys avoid	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the mothers that the farmers know	singular	plural	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the teachers that the girls engage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The man knows the boys that the women encourage	singular	plural	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The man knows the doctors that the carpenters admire	singular	plural	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The man knows the kids that the lawyers greet	singular	plural	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The man knows the mothers that the kids greet	singular	plural	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The man knows the victims that the doctors observe	singular	plural	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The man observes the lawyers that the aunts remember	singular	plural	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The man observes the lawyers that the poets remember	singular	plural	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The man remembers the boys that the guys admire	singular	plural	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The man remembers the fathers that the doctors approve	singular	plural	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The man remembers the kids that the girls avoid	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The man remembers the kids that the poets admire	singular	plural	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The man remembers the women that the poets greet	singular	plural	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the boys that the uncles understand	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the kids that the doctors encourage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the singers that the kids engage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The man understands the athletes that the boys discourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The man understands the aunts that the teachers criticize	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The man understands the carpenters that the girls encourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The man understands the lawyers that the teachers discourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The man understands the victims that the lawyers know	singular	plural	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The mother admires the teachers that the poets approve	singular	plural	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The mother admires the victims that the poets understand	singular	plural	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The mother admires the women that the men confuse	singular	plural	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The mother approves the girls that the men engage	singular	plural	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The mother approves the victims that the singers remember	singular	plural	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The mother avoids the athletes that the friends encourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mother avoids the men that the kids admire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The mother confuses the boys that the men encourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mother criticizes the lawyers that the men remember	singular	plural	plural	criticize	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The mother discourages the victims that the fathers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	discourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The mother discourages the victims that the kids remember	singular	plural	plural	discourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The mother encourages the friends that the kids remember	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The mother encourages the men that the farmers admire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The mother encourages the teachers that the doctors confuse	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The mother engages the fathers that the teachers criticize	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The mother engages the men that the doctors confuse	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The mother engages the women that the friends greet	singular	plural	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mother greets the athletes that the women stimulate	singular	plural	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The mother greets the doctors that the guys criticize	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The mother greets the lawyers that the doctors admire	singular	plural	plural	greet	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The mother greets the singers that the guys observe	singular	plural	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The mother greets the singers that the poets admire	singular	plural	plural	greet	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The mother inspires the boys that the women observe	singular	plural	plural	inspire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The mother inspires the farmers that the lawyers observe	singular	plural	plural	inspire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The mother inspires the fathers that the poets know	singular	plural	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The mother inspires the lawyers that the athletes confuse	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The mother inspires the teachers that the singers discourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mother inspires the teachers that the uncles stimulate	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The mother knows the uncles that the aunts approve	singular	plural	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The mother knows the uncles that the carpenters stimulate	singular	plural	plural	know	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The mother observes the kids that the lawyers greet	singular	plural	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mother observes the singers that the teachers remember	singular	plural	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The mother remembers the carpenters that the girls confuse	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The mother remembers the girls that the fathers encourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mother remembers the kids that the doctors encourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mother remembers the men that the carpenters avoid	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The mother stimulates the athletes that the singers know	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The mother stimulates the friends that the guys discourage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mother stimulates the lawyers that the uncles discourage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mother stimulates the singers that the lawyers engage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The mother understands the aunts that the men discourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet admires the friends that the men encourage	singular	plural	plural	admire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet admires the uncles that the aunts approve	singular	plural	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The poet approves the athletes that the friends remember	singular	plural	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The poet approves the aunts that the doctors criticize	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The poet approves the friends that the doctors observe	singular	plural	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The poet avoids the farmers that the doctors greet	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The poet avoids the fathers that the aunts know	singular	plural	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The poet avoids the fathers that the kids encourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet confuses the carpenters that the athletes approve	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The poet confuses the farmers that the friends inspire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet confuses the friends that the carpenters approve	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The poet confuses the friends that the mothers observe	singular	plural	plural	confuse	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The poet confuses the teachers that the guys admire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the carpenters that the men admire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the farmers that the singers greet	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the guys that the lawyers confuse	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the teachers that the doctors remember	singular	plural	plural	criticize	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The poet discourages the boys that the farmers encourage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet discourages the women that the singers greet	singular	plural	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The poet encourages the boys that the farmers admire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet encourages the men that the girls greet	singular	plural	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The poet encourages the men that the kids inspire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet engages the fathers that the teachers inspire	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet greets the teachers that the singers remember	singular	plural	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the athletes that the uncles engage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the doctors that the women know	singular	plural	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the farmers that the lawyers greet	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the guys that the girls encourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the guys that the kids greet	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the lawyers that the uncles admire	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the men that the guys discourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the uncles that the kids remember	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the uncles that the lawyers approve	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The poet knows the aunts that the teachers approve	singular	plural	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The poet knows the fathers that the boys approve	singular	plural	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The poet knows the uncles that the women observe	singular	plural	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The poet knows the women that the lawyers criticize	singular	plural	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The poet observes the athletes that the boys discourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet remembers the athletes that the victims encourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet remembers the doctors that the boys confuse	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The poet stimulates the athletes that the uncles avoid	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The poet stimulates the doctors that the uncles criticize	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The poet stimulates the farmers that the fathers discourage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet stimulates the mothers that the fathers discourage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet understands the carpenters that the teachers admire	singular	plural	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet understands the friends that the kids approve	singular	plural	plural	understand	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The singer admires the carpenters that the athletes stimulate	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singer admires the farmers that the athletes remember	singular	plural	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The singer admires the kids that the lawyers confuse	singular	plural	plural	admire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The singer admires the lawyers that the farmers inspire	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer admires the victims that the carpenters avoid	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The singer approves the athletes that the victims observe	singular	plural	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singer approves the aunts that the boys admire	singular	plural	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer approves the farmers that the fathers admire	singular	plural	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer approves the poets that the men criticize	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The singer avoids the athletes that the doctors observe	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singer avoids the carpenters that the victims stimulate	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singer avoids the women that the aunts stimulate	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singer confuses the athletes that the teachers understand	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The singer confuses the aunts that the doctors criticize	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The singer confuses the men that the fathers remember	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The singer confuses the poets that the doctors engage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer criticizes the athletes that the guys approve	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The singer criticizes the women that the uncles understand	singular	plural	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The singer discourages the aunts that the guys confuse	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The singer discourages the doctors that the men observe	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singer discourages the doctors that the women inspire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer discourages the girls that the teachers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	discourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the aunts that the guys discourage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the aunts that the men know	singular	plural	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the guys that the poets discourage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the teachers that the carpenters greet	singular	plural	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The singer greets the doctors that the mothers inspire	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer greets the kids that the doctors remember	singular	plural	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the aunts that the victims discourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the boys that the victims engage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the farmers that the friends remember	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the kids that the boys stimulate	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the lawyers that the fathers observe	singular	plural	plural	inspire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the lawyers that the victims encourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the mothers that the farmers observe	singular	plural	plural	inspire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the women that the guys approve	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the women that the poets discourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer knows the fathers that the boys inspire	singular	plural	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer knows the lawyers that the athletes criticize	singular	plural	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The singer knows the lawyers that the teachers discourage	singular	plural	plural	know	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer knows the men that the uncles stimulate	singular	plural	plural	know	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singer observes the women that the farmers remember	singular	plural	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The singer remembers the farmers that the carpenters avoid	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The singer remembers the fathers that the boys discourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer remembers the fathers that the doctors avoid	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The singer remembers the girls that the farmers engage	singular	plural	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer remembers the men that the women inspire	singular	plural	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer stimulates the girls that the lawyers confuse	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The singer stimulates the kids that the fathers avoid	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The singer stimulates the men that the kids confuse	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The singer understands the fathers that the mothers admire	singular	plural	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer understands the girls that the fathers encourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer understands the men that the fathers encourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer understands the mothers that the victims inspire	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer understands the mothers that the women admire	singular	plural	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singer understands the uncles that the aunts criticize	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher admires the singers that the kids discourage	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher approves the athletes that the boys encourage	singular	plural	plural	approve	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher approves the lawyers that the poets remember	singular	plural	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher approves the victims that the athletes remember	singular	plural	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher avoids the athletes that the guys approve	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher avoids the poets that the girls greet	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher confuses the aunts that the men stimulate	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher confuses the fathers that the victims stimulate	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher confuses the lawyers that the doctors greet	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher confuses the men that the doctors encourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher confuses the poets that the friends greet	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher criticizes the farmers that the uncles admire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher criticizes the guys that the uncles observe	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher criticizes the guys that the victims observe	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher discourages the farmers that the mothers greet	singular	plural	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the athletes that the uncles avoid	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the aunts that the poets criticize	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the doctors that the kids observe	singular	plural	plural	encourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the guys that the friends discourage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the lawyers that the victims observe	singular	plural	plural	encourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the mothers that the lawyers understand	singular	plural	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the women that the carpenters engage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher engages the fathers that the uncles admire	singular	plural	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher engages the friends that the women understand	singular	plural	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher greets the farmers that the boys discourage	singular	plural	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher greets the singers that the poets remember	singular	plural	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher inspires the fathers that the farmers criticize	singular	plural	plural	inspire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher knows the boys that the guys greet	singular	plural	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher knows the doctors that the mothers criticize	singular	plural	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher observes the carpenters that the doctors criticize	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher observes the fathers that the lawyers understand	singular	plural	plural	observe	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher observes the kids that the uncles confuse	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher remembers the singers that the athletes observe	singular	plural	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher remembers the singers that the aunts stimulate	singular	plural	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher remembers the victims that the doctors know	singular	plural	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher remembers the victims that the lawyers avoid	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the farmers that the singers avoid	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the kids that the singers observe	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the mothers that the guys encourage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the uncles that the men inspire	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the women that the lawyers know	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher understands the doctors that the aunts discourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher understands the fathers that the guys know	singular	plural	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle admires the farmers that the women stimulate	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle admires the fathers that the aunts engage	singular	plural	plural	admire	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle admires the mothers that the athletes criticize	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle admires the women that the doctors criticize	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle admires the women that the victims greet	singular	plural	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle approves the boys that the guys know	singular	plural	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle approves the carpenters that the fathers criticize	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle approves the carpenters that the lawyers avoid	singular	plural	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle approves the guys that the fathers engage	singular	plural	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle avoids the athletes that the kids understand	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle avoids the lawyers that the teachers admire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle avoids the men that the kids approve	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle confuses the aunts that the fathers admire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle confuses the girls that the women inspire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle confuses the kids that the men stimulate	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle confuses the victims that the lawyers engage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle criticizes the boys that the men engage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle criticizes the guys that the carpenters observe	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle criticizes the poets that the lawyers approve	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle criticizes the singers that the kids approve	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle discourages the carpenters that the mothers approve	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle discourages the doctors that the mothers avoid	singular	plural	plural	discourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle discourages the girls that the mothers approve	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle discourages the women that the guys engage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle encourages the athletes that the victims engage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle encourages the girls that the teachers admire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle encourages the girls that the women admire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle encourages the guys that the singers engage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle encourages the kids that the aunts approve	singular	plural	plural	encourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle encourages the mothers that the men criticize	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle engages the athletes that the guys criticize	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle engages the poets that the athletes confuse	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle engages the poets that the doctors know	singular	plural	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle engages the women that the victims discourage	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle greets the farmers that the carpenters remember	singular	plural	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle greets the poets that the friends observe	singular	plural	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle inspires the boys that the teachers encourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle inspires the mothers that the singers approve	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the girls that the lawyers greet	singular	plural	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the guys that the carpenters inspire	singular	plural	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the kids that the teachers admire	singular	plural	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the poets that the men inspire	singular	plural	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the teachers that the carpenters stimulate	singular	plural	plural	know	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle observes the mothers that the lawyers confuse	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle observes the women that the fathers remember	singular	plural	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle remembers the friends that the fathers greet	singular	plural	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle remembers the men that the guys greet	singular	plural	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle stimulates the carpenters that the men criticize	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle stimulates the doctors that the friends avoid	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle stimulates the farmers that the kids criticize	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle stimulates the kids that the women greet	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle stimulates the men that the mothers avoid	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle stimulates the mothers that the teachers avoid	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the aunts that the girls engage	singular	plural	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the fathers that the women inspire	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the girls that the teachers encourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the lawyers that the girls know	singular	plural	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the men that the poets know	singular	plural	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the mothers that the aunts encourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the women that the aunts approve	singular	plural	plural	understand	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The victim admires the athletes that the aunts inspire	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The victim admires the guys that the uncles greet	singular	plural	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The victim admires the mothers that the lawyers know	singular	plural	plural	admire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The victim admires the women that the aunts understand	singular	plural	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The victim approves the boys that the teachers greet	singular	plural	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The victim avoids the athletes that the friends observe	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The victim avoids the guys that the uncles know	singular	plural	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The victim confuses the farmers that the uncles stimulate	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victim confuses the mothers that the doctors approve	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The victim confuses the poets that the farmers discourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victim confuses the women that the kids avoid	singular	plural	plural	confuse	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The victim criticizes the doctors that the carpenters approve	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The victim criticizes the friends that the men admire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The victim criticizes the girls that the lawyers encourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victim criticizes the uncles that the poets understand	singular	plural	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The victim discourages the fathers that the lawyers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	discourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victim discourages the kids that the men avoid	singular	plural	plural	discourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The victim discourages the lawyers that the women criticize	singular	plural	plural	discourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The victim discourages the men that the friends know	singular	plural	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the carpenters that the aunts remember	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the doctors that the women remember	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the fathers that the uncles confuse	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the men that the women confuse	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The victim engages the aunts that the men avoid	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The victim engages the doctors that the carpenters remember	singular	plural	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The victim engages the doctors that the lawyers inspire	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The victim greets the carpenters that the boys engage	singular	plural	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The victim greets the fathers that the aunts admire	singular	plural	plural	greet	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The victim greets the girls that the aunts remember	singular	plural	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The victim greets the girls that the doctors avoid	singular	plural	plural	greet	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The victim greets the poets that the aunts confuse	singular	plural	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The victim inspires the athletes that the lawyers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victim inspires the kids that the aunts observe	singular	plural	plural	inspire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The victim inspires the men that the singers understand	singular	plural	plural	inspire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The victim inspires the singers that the boys stimulate	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victim knows the fathers that the girls greet	singular	plural	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The victim knows the guys that the farmers discourage	singular	plural	plural	know	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victim knows the teachers that the women approve	singular	plural	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The victim observes the carpenters that the athletes approve	singular	plural	plural	observe	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The victim observes the carpenters that the uncles approve	singular	plural	plural	observe	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The victim observes the girls that the doctors avoid	singular	plural	plural	observe	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The victim observes the girls that the kids confuse	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The victim observes the poets that the lawyers remember	singular	plural	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The victim observes the women that the kids greet	singular	plural	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The victim remembers the mothers that the boys observe	singular	plural	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The victim remembers the women that the fathers encourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victim stimulates the carpenters that the athletes encourage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the aunts that the poets encourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the carpenters that the kids approve	singular	plural	plural	understand	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the doctors that the poets discourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the girls that the doctors admire	singular	plural	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The woman admires the boys that the poets discourage	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The woman admires the doctors that the friends know	singular	plural	plural	admire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The woman admires the girls that the lawyers observe	singular	plural	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The woman admires the girls that the victims know	singular	plural	plural	admire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The woman admires the uncles that the kids remember	singular	plural	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the friends that the poets greet	singular	plural	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the guys that the farmers remember	singular	plural	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the lawyers that the kids stimulate	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The woman avoids the boys that the teachers observe	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The woman avoids the teachers that the mothers observe	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The woman confuses the aunts that the teachers inspire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The woman confuses the doctors that the uncles engage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The woman confuses the farmers that the guys know	singular	plural	plural	confuse	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The woman confuses the lawyers that the victims discourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The woman criticizes the girls that the carpenters remember	singular	plural	plural	criticize	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The woman discourages the carpenters that the doctors encourage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The woman discourages the doctors that the aunts engage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The woman discourages the fathers that the farmers greet	singular	plural	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The woman encourages the boys that the victims inspire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The woman engages the fathers that the teachers inspire	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The woman engages the girls that the lawyers greet	singular	plural	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The woman engages the kids that the athletes observe	singular	plural	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The woman greets the boys that the athletes observe	singular	plural	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The woman inspires the aunts that the fathers know	singular	plural	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The woman inspires the men that the aunts discourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the fathers that the kids understand	singular	plural	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the kids that the aunts understand	singular	plural	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the kids that the friends admire	singular	plural	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The woman observes the farmers that the mothers avoid	singular	plural	plural	observe	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The woman remembers the athletes that the aunts engage	singular	plural	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The woman remembers the aunts that the uncles criticize	singular	plural	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The woman remembers the kids that the carpenters stimulate	singular	plural	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The woman remembers the lawyers that the kids engage	singular	plural	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The woman remembers the uncles that the farmers approve	singular	plural	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The woman remembers the victims that the girls know	singular	plural	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the aunts that the farmers approve	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the fathers that the mothers inspire	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the guys that the girls encourage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the lawyers that the aunts understand	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the men that the girls confuse	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the mothers that the victims remember	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the poets that the aunts observe	singular	plural	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the poets that the victims remember	singular	plural	plural	understand	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the teachers that the mothers remember	singular	plural	plural	understand	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the teachers that the uncles confuse	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes admire the aunt that the lawyer inspires	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes admire the aunt that the man criticizes	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes admire the carpenter that the mother remembers	plural	singular	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes admire the doctor that the girl confuses	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes admire the kid that the victim confuses	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes admire the uncle that the boy stimulates	plural	singular	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes approve the boy that the carpenter knows	plural	singular	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes approve the friend that the doctor observes	plural	singular	singular	approves	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes approve the friend that the victim avoids	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes approve the mother that the carpenter confuses	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes approve the victim that the boy admires	plural	singular	singular	approves	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes approve the woman that the carpenter stimulates	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes avoid the boy that the girl criticizes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes confuse the carpenter that the uncle admires	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes confuse the farmer that the father criticizes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes confuse the lawyer that the friend engages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes confuse the singer that the teacher engages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes criticize the lawyer that the carpenter discourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the aunt that the poet observes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the lawyer that the farmer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the singer that the guy inspires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the singer that the uncle criticizes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes encourage the father that the woman understands	plural	singular	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the aunt that the lawyer remembers	plural	singular	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the friend that the aunt understands	plural	singular	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the friend that the poet greets	plural	singular	singular	engages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the lawyer that the mother understands	plural	singular	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the mother that the poet inspires	plural	singular	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the victim that the woman knows	plural	singular	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the woman that the man discourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes greet the girl that the poet engages	plural	singular	singular	greets	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes greet the mother that the friend avoids	plural	singular	singular	greets	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes greet the teacher that the guy understands	plural	singular	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the aunt that the victim understands	plural	singular	singular	inspires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the carpenter that the girl engages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the farmer that the man understands	plural	singular	singular	inspires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the farmer that the singer approves	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the man that the uncle knows	plural	singular	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the teacher that the kid encourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the carpenter that the girl engages	plural	singular	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the doctor that the kid admires	plural	singular	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the friend that the mother avoids	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the girl that the kid confuses	plural	singular	singular	knows	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the teacher that the guy observes	plural	singular	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the victim that the aunt confuses	plural	singular	singular	knows	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the victim that the man engages	plural	singular	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes observe the aunt that the father confuses	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes observe the doctor that the uncle stimulates	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes observe the farmer that the aunt understands	plural	singular	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes observe the father that the woman understands	plural	singular	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes observe the girl that the singer admires	plural	singular	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes observe the singer that the poet greets	plural	singular	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes remember the lawyer that the mother confuses	plural	singular	singular	remembers	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes remember the poet that the mother observes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes stimulate the mother that the carpenter greets	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes understand the aunt that the doctor observes	plural	singular	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes understand the doctor that the carpenter inspires	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes understand the farmer that the woman knows	plural	singular	singular	understands	know
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes understand the man that the doctor observes	plural	singular	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes understand the teacher that the poet confuses	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes understand the uncle that the kid confuses	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes understand the victim that the girl inspires	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes understand the victim that the poet admires	plural	singular	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the athlete that the victim avoids	plural	singular	singular	admires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the farmer that the mother encourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the friend that the teacher encourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the singer that the carpenter stimulates	plural	singular	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts approve the victim that the lawyer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts avoid the boy that the carpenter observes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts avoid the boy that the lawyer encourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts avoid the mother that the poet criticizes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts avoid the mother that the uncle criticizes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts avoid the uncle that the guy understands	plural	singular	singular	avoids	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts avoid the victim that the farmer confuses	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the girl that the doctor discourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the poet that the singer remembers	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts criticize the athlete that the guy admires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts criticize the man that the farmer remembers	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts criticize the man that the teacher confuses	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts criticize the man that the uncle knows	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts criticize the victim that the lawyer observes	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts discourage the kid that the girl approves	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts discourage the poet that the athlete criticizes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts discourage the poet that the teacher admires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts discourage the uncle that the farmer observes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts encourage the athlete that the singer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts encourage the man that the singer avoids	plural	singular	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts encourage the singer that the father understands	plural	singular	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts engage the farmer that the uncle discourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts engage the mother that the boy greets	plural	singular	singular	engages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts engage the teacher that the carpenter greets	plural	singular	singular	engages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts engage the uncle that the girl encourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts greet the victim that the uncle remembers	plural	singular	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the farmer that the boy criticizes	plural	singular	singular	inspires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the farmer that the guy knows	plural	singular	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the teacher that the kid confuses	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the uncle that the lawyer remembers	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the victim that the uncle approves	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the girl that the singer understands	plural	singular	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the kid that the woman avoids	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the man that the mother greets	plural	singular	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts observe the father that the singer knows	plural	singular	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts remember the girl that the athlete greets	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts remember the teacher that the guy engages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts stimulate the man that the lawyer confuses	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts stimulate the singer that the poet greets	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts understand the teacher that the athlete avoids	plural	singular	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts understand the uncle that the mother avoids	plural	singular	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The boys approve the aunt that the woman criticizes	plural	singular	singular	approves	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boys approve the carpenter that the victim stimulates	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boys approve the teacher that the uncle understands	plural	singular	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The boys avoid the farmer that the carpenter inspires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The boys avoid the guy that the lawyer encourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys avoid the mother that the uncle criticizes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boys avoid the singer that the carpenter stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boys avoid the woman that the athlete approves	plural	singular	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The boys confuse the girl that the father avoids	plural	singular	singular	confuses	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The boys confuse the lawyer that the farmer encourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys confuse the man that the farmer discourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys criticize the aunt that the singer inspires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The boys criticize the friend that the kid understands	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The boys criticize the man that the doctor understands	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The boys criticize the mother that the man confuses	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The boys criticize the poet that the carpenter encourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys criticize the poet that the guy stimulates	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boys criticize the poet that the man greets	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The boys criticize the teacher that the carpenter admires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The boys discourage the aunt that the doctor stimulates	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boys discourage the victim that the lawyer admires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The boys encourage the athlete that the friend inspires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The boys encourage the girl that the carpenter stimulates	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boys encourage the girl that the farmer approves	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The boys engage the friend that the lawyer admires	plural	singular	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The boys engage the woman that the uncle understands	plural	singular	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The boys greet the friend that the aunt stimulates	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boys greet the singer that the kid approves	plural	singular	singular	greets	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The boys greet the woman that the poet stimulates	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boys know the farmer that the victim greets	plural	singular	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The boys know the friend that the guy admires	plural	singular	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The boys know the singer that the lawyer understands	plural	singular	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The boys observe the athlete that the friend understands	plural	singular	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The boys observe the farmer that the carpenter encourages	plural	singular	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys observe the uncle that the kid criticizes	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boys remember the doctor that the victim knows	plural	singular	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boys remember the singer that the aunt knows	plural	singular	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boys stimulate the farmer that the guy understands	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The boys understand the athlete that the girl encourages	plural	singular	singular	understands	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys understand the poet that the aunt inspires	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The boys understand the singer that the man discourages	plural	singular	singular	understands	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys understand the uncle that the man observes	plural	singular	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters admire the friend that the lawyer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters admire the poet that the friend stimulates	plural	singular	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters approve the friend that the doctor avoids	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters approve the guy that the poet knows	plural	singular	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters approve the man that the victim engages	plural	singular	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters approve the mother that the aunt remembers	plural	singular	singular	approves	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters approve the teacher that the mother observes	plural	singular	singular	approves	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters avoid the doctor that the mother admires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters avoid the guy that the aunt criticizes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters confuse the athlete that the guy understands	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters confuse the father that the man observes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters confuse the lawyer that the kid encourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters confuse the singer that the man greets	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters confuse the woman that the guy knows	plural	singular	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters confuse the woman that the man approves	plural	singular	singular	confuses	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters criticize the kid that the lawyer engages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters criticize the uncle that the man inspires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters discourage the athlete that the friend confuses	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters discourage the boy that the farmer observes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters discourage the father that the poet inspires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters discourage the woman that the guy admires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters encourage the mother that the kid engages	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters encourage the uncle that the friend knows	plural	singular	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters engage the farmer that the boy knows	plural	singular	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters engage the father that the man avoids	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters engage the father that the singer encourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters greet the kid that the father approves	plural	singular	singular	greets	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters greet the poet that the friend confuses	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters inspire the father that the victim knows	plural	singular	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters inspire the man that the doctor greets	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters inspire the teacher that the doctor remembers	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters know the farmer that the lawyer encourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters know the friend that the farmer engages	plural	singular	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters know the lawyer that the friend greets	plural	singular	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters know the uncle that the doctor inspires	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters observe the friend that the father admires	plural	singular	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters observe the mother that the woman discourages	plural	singular	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters remember the aunt that the teacher admires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters remember the girl that the kid inspires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters remember the man that the aunt greets	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters remember the man that the singer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters remember the singer that the kid approves	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters remember the victim that the athlete avoids	plural	singular	singular	remembers	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters remember the woman that the guy engages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters stimulate the father that the victim admires	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters stimulate the man that the guy greets	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters stimulate the poet that the singer remembers	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters stimulate the uncle that the doctor knows	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters understand the athlete that the kid avoids	plural	singular	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters understand the guy that the farmer confuses	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors admire the friend that the teacher understands	plural	singular	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors approve the aunt that the carpenter greets	plural	singular	singular	approves	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors approve the girl that the victim stimulates	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors approve the kid that the singer engages	plural	singular	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors approve the mother that the victim knows	plural	singular	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the farmer that the friend greets	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the farmer that the mother engages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the friend that the lawyer encourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the guy that the carpenter discourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the guy that the teacher stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the woman that the singer greets	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors confuse the mother that the kid avoids	plural	singular	singular	confuses	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors criticize the friend that the man discourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors criticize the girl that the mother greets	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors discourage the father that the woman knows	plural	singular	singular	discourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors discourage the mother that the poet understands	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors discourage the singer that the poet observes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors discourage the uncle that the aunt stimulates	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the carpenter that the victim understands	plural	singular	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the girl that the kid observes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the teacher that the kid admires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors engage the aunt that the poet discourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors engage the singer that the teacher criticizes	plural	singular	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors greet the man that the friend criticizes	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors greet the poet that the boy stimulates	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors inspire the man that the lawyer discourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors inspire the poet that the athlete remembers	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors know the lawyer that the uncle remembers	plural	singular	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors know the singer that the woman confuses	plural	singular	singular	knows	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors know the teacher that the kid observes	plural	singular	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors observe the aunt that the lawyer admires	plural	singular	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors observe the boy that the friend greets	plural	singular	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors remember the guy that the man confuses	plural	singular	singular	remembers	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors remember the man that the girl admires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors remember the poet that the farmer understands	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors stimulate the boy that the singer avoids	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors stimulate the girl that the singer remembers	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the boy that the friend knows	plural	singular	singular	understands	know
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the carpenter that the boy inspires	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the mother that the girl greets	plural	singular	singular	understands	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the teacher that the uncle inspires	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers admire the athlete that the victim encourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers admire the friend that the mother approves	plural	singular	singular	admires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers admire the poet that the woman understands	plural	singular	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers admire the singer that the friend observes	plural	singular	singular	admires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers admire the uncle that the kid confuses	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers approve the father that the aunt admires	plural	singular	singular	approves	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers approve the kid that the father encourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers approve the singer that the poet engages	plural	singular	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers avoid the mother that the kid inspires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers confuse the athlete that the friend knows	plural	singular	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers confuse the kid that the singer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers criticize the friend that the kid greets	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers criticize the mother that the man approves	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers criticize the poet that the singer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers discourage the boy that the singer confuses	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers discourage the doctor that the father understands	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers discourage the uncle that the doctor admires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers encourage the carpenter that the guy confuses	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers encourage the carpenter that the singer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers encourage the kid that the girl inspires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers encourage the kid that the poet knows	plural	singular	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers encourage the teacher that the doctor observes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers engage the poet that the carpenter encourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers greet the girl that the kid discourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers greet the poet that the girl remembers	plural	singular	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers inspire the friend that the aunt greets	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers inspire the mother that the teacher discourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers know the father that the kid avoids	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers know the mother that the man avoids	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers know the poet that the teacher engages	plural	singular	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers know the victim that the lawyer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers observe the girl that the boy understands	plural	singular	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers observe the girl that the victim inspires	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers observe the man that the victim greets	plural	singular	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers remember the boy that the mother stimulates	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers remember the carpenter that the singer understands	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers remember the victim that the father admires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers stimulate the doctor that the man discourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers stimulate the guy that the aunt approves	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers stimulate the guy that the friend greets	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers stimulate the man that the girl discourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers stimulate the poet that the girl knows	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers stimulate the victim that the teacher knows	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers understand the kid that the uncle stimulates	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers understand the lawyer that the man encourages	plural	singular	singular	understands	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers understand the lawyer that the poet approves	plural	singular	singular	understands	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers understand the mother that the man criticizes	plural	singular	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers understand the woman that the guy observes	plural	singular	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers admire the boy that the poet stimulates	plural	singular	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers admire the friend that the doctor discourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers admire the man that the carpenter criticizes	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers approve the teacher that the aunt discourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers approve the teacher that the doctor discourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers approve the woman that the aunt understands	plural	singular	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers avoid the boy that the kid discourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers avoid the singer that the carpenter admires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers confuse the guy that the teacher greets	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers confuse the man that the friend criticizes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers confuse the man that the kid understands	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers confuse the man that the poet greets	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers confuse the singer that the man greets	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers criticize the athlete that the kid encourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers criticize the athlete that the poet stimulates	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers criticize the guy that the woman greets	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers discourage the carpenter that the poet inspires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers discourage the girl that the boy avoids	plural	singular	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers discourage the lawyer that the kid confuses	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers encourage the athlete that the woman approves	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers encourage the aunt that the doctor inspires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers encourage the man that the friend criticizes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers engage the athlete that the poet avoids	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers engage the boy that the lawyer confuses	plural	singular	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers engage the guy that the boy criticizes	plural	singular	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers engage the singer that the farmer approves	plural	singular	singular	engages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers engage the teacher that the boy knows	plural	singular	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers greet the doctor that the singer approves	plural	singular	singular	greets	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers greet the girl that the teacher inspires	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the aunt that the woman stimulates	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the boy that the kid confuses	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the doctor that the aunt stimulates	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the doctor that the kid engages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the farmer that the doctor understands	plural	singular	singular	inspires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the kid that the athlete approves	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the man that the victim discourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the singer that the man stimulates	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the victim that the farmer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	inspires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers know the guy that the girl greets	plural	singular	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers know the poet that the man observes	plural	singular	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers know the uncle that the doctor discourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers observe the poet that the man admires	plural	singular	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers remember the athlete that the girl criticizes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers remember the carpenter that the woman criticizes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers remember the singer that the girl inspires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers stimulate the carpenter that the man knows	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers understand the aunt that the uncle confuses	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers understand the carpenter that the doctor inspires	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers understand the carpenter that the kid stimulates	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers understand the teacher that the poet observes	plural	singular	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The friends admire the woman that the poet discourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the boy that the teacher stimulates	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the carpenter that the singer understands	plural	singular	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the father that the woman avoids	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the kid that the girl discourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the kid that the singer encourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends avoid the boy that the singer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The friends avoid the carpenter that the victim discourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends avoid the girl that the father knows	plural	singular	singular	avoids	know
objdep_objrel_that	The friends avoid the kid that the mother engages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends avoid the singer that the father criticizes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The friends avoid the teacher that the doctor criticizes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The friends confuse the doctor that the aunt understands	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The friends confuse the doctor that the girl approves	plural	singular	singular	confuses	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The friends confuse the farmer that the kid stimulates	plural	singular	singular	confuses	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The friends confuse the father that the guy inspires	plural	singular	singular	confuses	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The friends criticize the boy that the woman greets	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The friends criticize the guy that the farmer approves	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The friends criticize the victim that the teacher avoids	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The friends discourage the athlete that the lawyer knows	plural	singular	singular	discourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The friends discourage the carpenter that the man engages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends discourage the doctor that the farmer approves	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The friends discourage the girl that the lawyer admires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The friends discourage the man that the athlete inspires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The friends discourage the mother that the lawyer inspires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The friends discourage the poet that the boy admires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The friends discourage the victim that the woman encourages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends encourage the teacher that the uncle knows	plural	singular	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The friends engage the man that the kid observes	plural	singular	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The friends engage the mother that the uncle observes	plural	singular	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The friends greet the aunt that the guy discourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends greet the lawyer that the teacher confuses	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friends greet the man that the guy knows	plural	singular	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that	The friends inspire the aunt that the father discourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends inspire the doctor that the athlete knows	plural	singular	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that	The friends know the athlete that the woman remembers	plural	singular	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The friends know the carpenter that the guy encourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends know the father that the farmer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The friends know the singer that the boy encourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends observe the boy that the victim criticizes	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The friends observe the carpenter that the boy stimulates	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The friends observe the girl that the victim understands	plural	singular	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the boy that the farmer avoids	plural	singular	singular	remembers	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the carpenter that the woman approves	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the doctor that the victim encourages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the man that the girl stimulates	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the victim that the father understands	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The friends stimulate the boy that the uncle remembers	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The friends stimulate the guy that the woman confuses	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friends stimulate the kid that the guy understands	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The friends understand the guy that the poet admires	plural	singular	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the athlete that the guy observes	plural	singular	singular	admires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the carpenter that the man remembers	plural	singular	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the lawyer that the boy greets	plural	singular	singular	admires	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the teacher that the singer avoids	plural	singular	singular	admires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the victim that the friend greets	plural	singular	singular	admires	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the woman that the father encourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls approve the carpenter that the friend engages	plural	singular	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls approve the poet that the singer remembers	plural	singular	singular	approves	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The girls avoid the athlete that the farmer engages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls avoid the aunt that the farmer confuses	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The girls avoid the doctor that the athlete criticizes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The girls avoid the father that the mother admires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girls avoid the kid that the friend remembers	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The girls avoid the poet that the teacher criticizes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the kid that the uncle discourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the victim that the doctor discourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the boy that the doctor approves	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the boy that the farmer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the boy that the singer avoids	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the mother that the victim engages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls discourage the kid that the poet engages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls discourage the man that the mother confuses	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The girls encourage the aunt that the carpenter remembers	plural	singular	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The girls encourage the carpenter that the teacher admires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girls encourage the lawyer that the singer confuses	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The girls encourage the poet that the doctor discourages	plural	singular	singular	encourages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls encourage the poet that the father confuses	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The girls engage the farmer that the aunt avoids	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The girls engage the friend that the victim confuses	plural	singular	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The girls engage the uncle that the poet observes	plural	singular	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The girls greet the boy that the friend engages	plural	singular	singular	greets	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls greet the man that the farmer observes	plural	singular	singular	greets	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The girls greet the victim that the carpenter avoids	plural	singular	singular	greets	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The girls inspire the poet that the aunt discourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls know the father that the lawyer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The girls know the lawyer that the victim greets	plural	singular	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The girls know the mother that the kid remembers	plural	singular	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The girls know the woman that the uncle avoids	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The girls observe the carpenter that the singer remembers	plural	singular	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The girls observe the friend that the singer admires	plural	singular	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girls remember the father that the singer admires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girls remember the father that the victim greets	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The girls remember the teacher that the lawyer avoids	plural	singular	singular	remembers	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The girls stimulate the farmer that the guy approves	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The girls stimulate the kid that the guy admires	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girls stimulate the woman that the farmer knows	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that	The girls understand the singer that the poet criticizes	plural	singular	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The guys admire the lawyer that the uncle inspires	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys admire the victim that the poet encourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys approve the athlete that the carpenter confuses	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guys approve the athlete that the friend engages	plural	singular	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys approve the carpenter that the friend remembers	plural	singular	singular	approves	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guys approve the friend that the carpenter encourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys approve the man that the aunt understands	plural	singular	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The guys approve the man that the carpenter remembers	plural	singular	singular	approves	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guys approve the singer that the farmer inspires	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys avoid the aunt that the lawyer understands	plural	singular	singular	avoids	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The guys avoid the father that the poet greets	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The guys avoid the singer that the boy inspires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys avoid the uncle that the singer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The guys avoid the woman that the friend encourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys avoid the woman that the teacher observes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The guys confuse the uncle that the friend observes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The guys criticize the uncle that the athlete remembers	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guys criticize the woman that the man discourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys discourage the athlete that the teacher stimulates	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The guys discourage the boy that the mother engages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys discourage the doctor that the lawyer observes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The guys discourage the kid that the aunt inspires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys discourage the kid that the woman encourages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys encourage the lawyer that the mother stimulates	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The guys encourage the singer that the boy admires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys encourage the woman that the man criticizes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The guys engage the farmer that the boy admires	plural	singular	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys engage the friend that the father confuses	plural	singular	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guys engage the lawyer that the uncle avoids	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The guys greet the athlete that the singer approves	plural	singular	singular	greets	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The guys greet the carpenter that the man discourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys greet the carpenter that the victim engages	plural	singular	singular	greets	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys greet the kid that the victim admires	plural	singular	singular	greets	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys inspire the doctor that the father encourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys inspire the doctor that the father understands	plural	singular	singular	inspires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The guys inspire the doctor that the teacher admires	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys inspire the father that the mother criticizes	plural	singular	singular	inspires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The guys inspire the mother that the athlete stimulates	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The guys inspire the teacher that the uncle confuses	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guys inspire the woman that the uncle avoids	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The guys know the boy that the athlete discourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys know the doctor that the girl remembers	plural	singular	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guys know the teacher that the friend greets	plural	singular	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The guys observe the boy that the mother encourages	plural	singular	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys observe the doctor that the mother remembers	plural	singular	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guys observe the father that the farmer avoids	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The guys observe the man that the aunt confuses	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guys observe the victim that the mother stimulates	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The guys remember the carpenter that the singer greets	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The guys remember the doctor that the man understands	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The guys remember the kid that the victim encourages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys remember the poet that the farmer greets	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The guys remember the victim that the man admires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the carpenter that the athlete greets	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the singer that the aunt engages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the singer that the farmer observes	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the woman that the athlete inspires	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys understand the friend that the boy admires	plural	singular	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys understand the victim that the girl encourages	plural	singular	singular	understands	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids admire the man that the victim engages	plural	singular	singular	admires	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids admire the woman that the guy approves	plural	singular	singular	admires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The kids approve the boy that the uncle inspires	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kids approve the carpenter that the poet inspires	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kids approve the farmer that the guy discourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids approve the friend that the mother knows	plural	singular	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that	The kids approve the girl that the athlete knows	plural	singular	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that	The kids approve the mother that the guy discourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids approve the poet that the girl encourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids avoid the athlete that the teacher knows	plural	singular	singular	avoids	know
objdep_objrel_that	The kids avoid the farmer that the mother confuses	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The kids avoid the girl that the father criticizes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The kids avoid the poet that the doctor stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The kids avoid the victim that the father inspires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kids avoid the victim that the girl encourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids avoid the woman that the man understands	plural	singular	singular	avoids	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The kids confuse the poet that the woman criticizes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The kids criticize the uncle that the teacher avoids	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kids criticize the victim that the lawyer confuses	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The kids discourage the father that the mother admires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The kids discourage the girl that the boy stimulates	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The kids discourage the singer that the aunt engages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids discourage the uncle that the girl encourages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the athlete that the victim approves	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the carpenter that the girl knows	plural	singular	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the doctor that the father stimulates	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the guy that the man knows	plural	singular	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the victim that the friend admires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The kids engage the carpenter that the woman avoids	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kids greet the father that the carpenter approves	plural	singular	singular	greets	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The kids greet the man that the athlete inspires	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kids greet the poet that the victim observes	plural	singular	singular	greets	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kids greet the victim that the carpenter knows	plural	singular	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that	The kids inspire the athlete that the boy encourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids inspire the aunt that the victim observes	plural	singular	singular	inspires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kids inspire the friend that the father admires	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The kids inspire the poet that the aunt engages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids know the athlete that the doctor remembers	plural	singular	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The kids know the carpenter that the poet criticizes	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The kids know the poet that the farmer discourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids know the uncle that the friend greets	plural	singular	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The kids know the victim that the woman avoids	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kids observe the farmer that the aunt criticizes	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The kids observe the friend that the lawyer inspires	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kids observe the lawyer that the athlete inspires	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kids observe the teacher that the boy discourages	plural	singular	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids observe the uncle that the father criticizes	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The kids remember the father that the victim inspires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kids remember the teacher that the carpenter greets	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The kids remember the woman that the singer encourages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids stimulate the farmer that the guy discourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids stimulate the guy that the lawyer encourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids understand the boy that the singer knows	plural	singular	singular	understands	know
objdep_objrel_that	The kids understand the farmer that the singer approves	plural	singular	singular	understands	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The kids understand the singer that the victim discourages	plural	singular	singular	understands	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids understand the teacher that the lawyer confuses	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers admire the father that the guy knows	plural	singular	singular	admires	know
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers admire the guy that the athlete criticizes	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers admire the kid that the guy inspires	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers admire the uncle that the boy observes	plural	singular	singular	admires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers approve the athlete that the friend stimulates	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers approve the doctor that the friend encourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers approve the victim that the girl criticizes	plural	singular	singular	approves	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the kid that the poet greets	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the mother that the kid confuses	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the teacher that the man discourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers confuse the kid that the guy observes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers confuse the poet that the aunt admires	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers criticize the athlete that the girl avoids	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers criticize the man that the victim stimulates	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers criticize the singer that the farmer approves	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers criticize the teacher that the man discourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers discourage the aunt that the carpenter engages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers discourage the father that the poet approves	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers discourage the victim that the father understands	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the doctor that the girl inspires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the father that the man approves	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the poet that the farmer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the victim that the uncle knows	plural	singular	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers engage the aunt that the uncle encourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers engage the mother that the man admires	plural	singular	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers engage the uncle that the kid criticizes	plural	singular	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the girl that the carpenter criticizes	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the kid that the man criticizes	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers inspire the carpenter that the aunt knows	plural	singular	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers inspire the doctor that the woman engages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers inspire the singer that the girl avoids	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers inspire the teacher that the athlete confuses	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the athlete that the guy inspires	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the farmer that the boy inspires	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the victim that the athlete admires	plural	singular	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the athlete that the teacher avoids	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the aunt that the father avoids	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the boy that the man discourages	plural	singular	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the doctor that the kid inspires	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the girl that the poet criticizes	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the poet that the kid engages	plural	singular	singular	observes	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the carpenter that the father criticizes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the farmer that the victim understands	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the friend that the carpenter avoids	plural	singular	singular	remembers	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the poet that the uncle discourages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the victim that the teacher criticizes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers stimulate the aunt that the woman inspires	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers stimulate the victim that the guy inspires	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers understand the aunt that the kid stimulates	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers understand the poet that the friend criticizes	plural	singular	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The men admire the boy that the mother inspires	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The men admire the farmer that the lawyer avoids	plural	singular	singular	admires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The men admire the poet that the aunt avoids	plural	singular	singular	admires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the boy that the uncle engages	plural	singular	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the father that the woman knows	plural	singular	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the guy that the victim confuses	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the uncle that the teacher engages	plural	singular	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the victim that the uncle encourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The men avoid the aunt that the farmer encourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The men confuse the boy that the mother admires	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The men confuse the farmer that the teacher stimulates	plural	singular	singular	confuses	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The men confuse the friend that the guy knows	plural	singular	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that	The men confuse the uncle that the farmer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	confuses	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The men discourage the athlete that the mother criticizes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The men discourage the doctor that the uncle confuses	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The men discourage the mother that the boy remembers	plural	singular	singular	discourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The men discourage the singer that the father admires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The men encourage the boy that the singer greets	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The men encourage the woman that the girl stimulates	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The men engage the farmer that the singer remembers	plural	singular	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The men engage the girl that the lawyer knows	plural	singular	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The men engage the poet that the girl admires	plural	singular	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The men greet the kid that the mother discourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The men inspire the aunt that the lawyer avoids	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The men inspire the guy that the doctor engages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The men inspire the guy that the father remembers	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The men know the athlete that the singer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The men know the aunt that the girl understands	plural	singular	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The men know the aunt that the guy avoids	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The men know the aunt that the guy inspires	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The men know the aunt that the teacher encourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The men know the carpenter that the athlete remembers	plural	singular	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The men know the carpenter that the teacher observes	plural	singular	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The men know the woman that the boy understands	plural	singular	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The men know the woman that the carpenter criticizes	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the aunt that the athlete greets	plural	singular	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the aunt that the uncle admires	plural	singular	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the carpenter that the kid inspires	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the kid that the guy remembers	plural	singular	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the lawyer that the uncle confuses	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the woman that the doctor discourages	plural	singular	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The men remember the poet that the singer approves	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The men remember the victim that the athlete criticizes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The men remember the victim that the poet criticizes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The men remember the woman that the victim admires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The men stimulate the athlete that the friend approves	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The men stimulate the kid that the girl admires	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The men stimulate the poet that the mother admires	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The men stimulate the poet that the uncle criticizes	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The men stimulate the victim that the mother greets	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The men stimulate the woman that the kid inspires	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The men understand the woman that the doctor observes	plural	singular	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers admire the boy that the girl observes	plural	singular	singular	admires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers admire the carpenter that the boy criticizes	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers admire the carpenter that the woman approves	plural	singular	singular	admires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers admire the man that the guy understands	plural	singular	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers admire the victim that the aunt confuses	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers approve the athlete that the doctor confuses	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers approve the farmer that the kid remembers	plural	singular	singular	approves	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers approve the poet that the lawyer encourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers avoid the farmer that the father admires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers avoid the lawyer that the teacher knows	plural	singular	singular	avoids	know
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers confuse the boy that the man understands	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers confuse the guy that the singer remembers	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers confuse the teacher that the aunt observes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the carpenter that the doctor approves	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the guy that the doctor inspires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the lawyer that the carpenter inspires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the teacher that the lawyer admires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the woman that the kid stimulates	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers discourage the aunt that the boy encourages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers discourage the girl that the farmer confuses	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers discourage the singer that the kid understands	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the boy that the woman greets	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the carpenter that the aunt admires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the friend that the uncle discourages	plural	singular	singular	encourages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the man that the woman criticizes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the poet that the woman avoids	plural	singular	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the teacher that the kid inspires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the woman that the poet knows	plural	singular	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers engage the athlete that the carpenter avoids	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers engage the carpenter that the uncle admires	plural	singular	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers engage the woman that the uncle greets	plural	singular	singular	engages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers greet the boy that the poet observes	plural	singular	singular	greets	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers greet the doctor that the poet observes	plural	singular	singular	greets	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers greet the kid that the friend knows	plural	singular	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers inspire the guy that the father discourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers inspire the poet that the carpenter observes	plural	singular	singular	inspires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers inspire the woman that the poet discourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers know the farmer that the woman greets	plural	singular	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers observe the aunt that the woman admires	plural	singular	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers observe the doctor that the athlete admires	plural	singular	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers observe the victim that the teacher encourages	plural	singular	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers observe the woman that the friend understands	plural	singular	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers remember the friend that the lawyer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers remember the girl that the kid stimulates	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers remember the uncle that the doctor engages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers remember the victim that the teacher avoids	plural	singular	singular	remembers	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers stimulate the poet that the carpenter inspires	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers stimulate the teacher that the kid knows	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers stimulate the teacher that the uncle admires	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers stimulate the uncle that the kid remembers	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers stimulate the woman that the singer admires	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers understand the boy that the aunt avoids	plural	singular	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers understand the friend that the aunt encourages	plural	singular	singular	understands	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers understand the girl that the teacher admires	plural	singular	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers understand the singer that the lawyer inspires	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The poets admire the athlete that the girl discourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets admire the carpenter that the doctor understands	plural	singular	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The poets admire the man that the doctor avoids	plural	singular	singular	admires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The poets admire the mother that the uncle approves	plural	singular	singular	admires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poets admire the woman that the man encourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets approve the man that the singer avoids	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The poets avoid the mother that the girl knows	plural	singular	singular	avoids	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poets avoid the uncle that the farmer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the athlete that the lawyer engages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the doctor that the father discourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the guy that the aunt understands	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the mother that the athlete inspires	plural	singular	singular	confuses	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the uncle that the lawyer observes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the victim that the boy knows	plural	singular	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the victim that the man engages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the woman that the aunt inspires	plural	singular	singular	confuses	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The poets criticize the aunt that the guy avoids	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The poets criticize the carpenter that the athlete avoids	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The poets criticize the carpenter that the doctor avoids	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The poets criticize the girl that the woman inspires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The poets discourage the aunt that the teacher engages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets discourage the boy that the father confuses	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The poets discourage the doctor that the aunt confuses	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The poets discourage the father that the singer engages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets discourage the girl that the teacher engages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets discourage the woman that the athlete observes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The poets discourage the woman that the girl engages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets engage the boy that the girl knows	plural	singular	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poets engage the carpenter that the boy discourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets engage the carpenter that the friend approves	plural	singular	singular	engages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poets greet the athlete that the boy discourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets greet the friend that the lawyer knows	plural	singular	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poets greet the lawyer that the boy knows	plural	singular	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poets inspire the farmer that the father confuses	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The poets inspire the teacher that the man avoids	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The poets inspire the victim that the woman engages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets know the boy that the athlete avoids	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The poets know the teacher that the athlete discourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets know the teacher that the athlete stimulates	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poets know the woman that the man approves	plural	singular	singular	knows	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poets observe the aunt that the boy criticizes	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The poets observe the aunt that the teacher inspires	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The poets observe the carpenter that the guy remembers	plural	singular	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The poets remember the victim that the athlete inspires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The poets stimulate the athlete that the lawyer engages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets stimulate the friend that the teacher encourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets stimulate the kid that the boy knows	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poets stimulate the mother that the uncle criticizes	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The poets stimulate the woman that the carpenter inspires	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The poets stimulate the woman that the victim avoids	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the aunt that the lawyer approves	plural	singular	singular	understands	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the carpenter that the uncle engages	plural	singular	singular	understands	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the friend that the teacher avoids	plural	singular	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the guy that the girl stimulates	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the guy that the uncle stimulates	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the lawyer that the woman remembers	plural	singular	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the mother that the athlete remembers	plural	singular	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the singer that the kid engages	plural	singular	singular	understands	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers admire the aunt that the poet criticizes	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The singers admire the woman that the lawyer confuses	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The singers approve the lawyer that the victim criticizes	plural	singular	singular	approves	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The singers avoid the farmer that the uncle discourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers avoid the teacher that the lawyer greets	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The singers avoid the teacher that the victim encourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers confuse the farmer that the victim discourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers confuse the guy that the girl understands	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The singers confuse the kid that the uncle avoids	plural	singular	singular	confuses	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The singers confuse the lawyer that the athlete observes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the doctor that the victim encourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the guy that the poet encourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the lawyer that the teacher knows	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the poet that the lawyer understands	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the athlete that the friend avoids	plural	singular	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the carpenter that the boy inspires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the guy that the mother confuses	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the lawyer that the carpenter stimulates	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the woman that the athlete confuses	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the woman that the kid greets	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The singers encourage the doctor that the athlete admires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The singers encourage the doctor that the kid engages	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers encourage the lawyer that the father engages	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers engage the teacher that the girl greets	plural	singular	singular	engages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The singers engage the teacher that the man observes	plural	singular	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The singers greet the aunt that the mother confuses	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The singers greet the kid that the aunt observes	plural	singular	singular	greets	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The singers greet the mother that the kid observes	plural	singular	singular	greets	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The singers inspire the boy that the aunt discourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers inspire the lawyer that the woman remembers	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The singers observe the athlete that the teacher encourages	plural	singular	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers observe the carpenter that the athlete knows	plural	singular	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The singers observe the guy that the aunt approves	plural	singular	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The singers observe the kid that the victim knows	plural	singular	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The singers observe the man that the kid confuses	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The singers observe the victim that the woman criticizes	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The singers stimulate the athlete that the uncle knows	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that	The singers stimulate the carpenter that the woman confuses	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The singers stimulate the man that the doctor discourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers stimulate the woman that the athlete observes	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The singers understand the guy that the friend admires	plural	singular	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The singers understand the man that the guy avoids	plural	singular	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The singers understand the uncle that the boy discourages	plural	singular	singular	understands	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers understand the uncle that the teacher knows	plural	singular	singular	understands	know
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers approve the guy that the man engages	plural	singular	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers approve the mother that the lawyer greets	plural	singular	singular	approves	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers approve the woman that the athlete engages	plural	singular	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the doctor that the victim remembers	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the lawyer that the carpenter engages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the lawyer that the man understands	plural	singular	singular	avoids	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the mother that the friend greets	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the poet that the doctor stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the singer that the athlete inspires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the victim that the doctor stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the woman that the athlete knows	plural	singular	singular	avoids	know
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers confuse the aunt that the lawyer avoids	plural	singular	singular	confuses	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers confuse the doctor that the man observes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers confuse the farmer that the uncle approves	plural	singular	singular	confuses	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers confuse the poet that the doctor criticizes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers confuse the singer that the carpenter discourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers confuse the victim that the doctor avoids	plural	singular	singular	confuses	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers criticize the athlete that the singer inspires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers criticize the farmer that the lawyer discourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers criticize the singer that the doctor admires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers criticize the victim that the guy confuses	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers encourage the guy that the farmer engages	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers engage the man that the doctor remembers	plural	singular	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers greet the kid that the carpenter encourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers greet the victim that the farmer remembers	plural	singular	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers greet the woman that the friend knows	plural	singular	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the doctor that the mother remembers	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the man that the singer approves	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the singer that the mother knows	plural	singular	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the uncle that the poet observes	plural	singular	singular	inspires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the victim that the kid knows	plural	singular	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the victim that the poet remembers	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers know the carpenter that the girl criticizes	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers know the guy that the boy stimulates	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers know the guy that the farmer admires	plural	singular	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers observe the girl that the athlete understands	plural	singular	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers remember the poet that the doctor encourages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers stimulate the carpenter that the father engages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers understand the athlete that the carpenter confuses	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers understand the farmer that the mother approves	plural	singular	singular	understands	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers understand the lawyer that the farmer inspires	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers understand the uncle that the friend stimulates	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the doctor that the mother observes	plural	singular	singular	approves	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the father that the singer encourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the girl that the singer avoids	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles avoid the girl that the farmer observes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles avoid the kid that the carpenter greets	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles avoid the kid that the carpenter observes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles avoid the lawyer that the woman greets	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles avoid the poet that the victim encourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles avoid the singer that the carpenter admires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles avoid the teacher that the carpenter greets	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles confuse the father that the lawyer avoids	plural	singular	singular	confuses	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles confuse the singer that the carpenter avoids	plural	singular	singular	confuses	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles confuse the teacher that the poet encourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles criticize the aunt that the friend observes	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles criticize the boy that the friend discourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles criticize the boy that the kid avoids	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles criticize the farmer that the aunt stimulates	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles criticize the father that the mother discourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles discourage the girl that the guy greets	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles discourage the man that the woman understands	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles encourage the boy that the woman confuses	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles encourage the farmer that the athlete criticizes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles encourage the friend that the woman observes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles engage the carpenter that the mother criticizes	plural	singular	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles engage the friend that the man discourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles engage the guy that the poet criticizes	plural	singular	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles engage the guy that the singer avoids	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles engage the mother that the man approves	plural	singular	singular	engages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles engage the mother that the poet remembers	plural	singular	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles engage the poet that the victim observes	plural	singular	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles engage the singer that the friend observes	plural	singular	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles greet the teacher that the farmer discourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles inspire the carpenter that the friend confuses	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles inspire the carpenter that the man observes	plural	singular	singular	inspires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles inspire the guy that the friend greets	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles inspire the woman that the father stimulates	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles know the athlete that the victim stimulates	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles know the boy that the kid avoids	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles know the doctor that the poet inspires	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles know the farmer that the doctor observes	plural	singular	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles observe the father that the friend confuses	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles observe the guy that the victim confuses	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles observe the lawyer that the athlete knows	plural	singular	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles observe the singer that the guy approves	plural	singular	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles remember the farmer that the girl stimulates	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles remember the girl that the farmer knows	plural	singular	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles stimulate the guy that the aunt knows	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles stimulate the guy that the kid criticizes	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles stimulate the mother that the kid approves	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles understand the girl that the lawyer observes	plural	singular	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles understand the singer that the athlete remembers	plural	singular	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles understand the teacher that the victim approves	plural	singular	singular	understands	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The victims admire the aunt that the singer inspires	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The victims admire the uncle that the carpenter inspires	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The victims admire the woman that the farmer understands	plural	singular	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The victims approve the boy that the athlete encourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victims approve the doctor that the man engages	plural	singular	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The victims approve the doctor that the teacher engages	plural	singular	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The victims approve the lawyer that the teacher criticizes	plural	singular	singular	approves	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The victims approve the mother that the teacher knows	plural	singular	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that	The victims confuse the farmer that the doctor greets	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The victims confuse the friend that the man knows	plural	singular	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that	The victims confuse the lawyer that the singer encourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victims confuse the teacher that the aunt greets	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The victims confuse the teacher that the lawyer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The victims confuse the teacher that the woman approves	plural	singular	singular	confuses	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The victims criticize the friend that the man observes	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The victims criticize the guy that the girl remembers	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The victims criticize the guy that the teacher avoids	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The victims criticize the kid that the mother engages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The victims criticize the lawyer that the doctor admires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The victims criticize the teacher that the guy admires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The victims criticize the uncle that the teacher remembers	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The victims discourage the boy that the lawyer inspires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The victims discourage the carpenter that the doctor approves	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The victims discourage the uncle that the carpenter stimulates	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The victims encourage the father that the poet greets	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The victims encourage the friend that the girl knows	plural	singular	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The victims encourage the kid that the friend inspires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The victims encourage the uncle that the lawyer greets	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The victims encourage the woman that the carpenter confuses	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The victims encourage the woman that the girl confuses	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The victims engage the friend that the lawyer understands	plural	singular	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The victims engage the girl that the mother knows	plural	singular	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The victims engage the guy that the carpenter stimulates	plural	singular	singular	engages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The victims engage the guy that the farmer inspires	plural	singular	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The victims greet the girl that the poet approves	plural	singular	singular	greets	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The victims greet the guy that the mother observes	plural	singular	singular	greets	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The victims greet the singer that the lawyer knows	plural	singular	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that	The victims know the boy that the man greets	plural	singular	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The victims know the singer that the uncle stimulates	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The victims know the teacher that the aunt approves	plural	singular	singular	knows	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The victims know the teacher that the uncle confuses	plural	singular	singular	knows	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The victims observe the carpenter that the father discourages	plural	singular	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victims observe the mother that the father knows	plural	singular	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The victims remember the farmer that the guy admires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The victims remember the mother that the woman encourages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victims remember the singer that the farmer knows	plural	singular	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that	The victims remember the woman that the aunt discourages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victims stimulate the boy that the poet discourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victims understand the lawyer that the teacher inspires	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The women admire the carpenter that the teacher understands	plural	singular	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The women admire the guy that the athlete inspires	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The women admire the poet that the athlete observes	plural	singular	singular	admires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The women approve the victim that the teacher understands	plural	singular	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The women avoid the aunt that the girl knows	plural	singular	singular	avoids	know
objdep_objrel_that	The women avoid the boy that the doctor approves	plural	singular	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The women avoid the doctor that the farmer encourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The women avoid the lawyer that the friend understands	plural	singular	singular	avoids	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The women confuse the aunt that the farmer engages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The women criticize the singer that the aunt inspires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The women discourage the aunt that the uncle engages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The women discourage the doctor that the farmer observes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The women discourage the lawyer that the man confuses	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The women discourage the lawyer that the teacher observes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The women discourage the man that the kid encourages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The women encourage the boy that the friend inspires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The women encourage the carpenter that the teacher remembers	plural	singular	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The women encourage the uncle that the victim observes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The women engage the boy that the poet confuses	plural	singular	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The women engage the poet that the friend encourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The women greet the aunt that the doctor encourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The women greet the father that the athlete discourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The women inspire the boy that the aunt remembers	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The women inspire the father that the farmer remembers	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The women inspire the man that the kid admires	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The women know the friend that the guy observes	plural	singular	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The women know the teacher that the victim engages	plural	singular	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The women know the uncle that the kid approves	plural	singular	singular	knows	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the boy that the guy remembers	plural	singular	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the carpenter that the victim avoids	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the doctor that the father confuses	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the kid that the uncle approves	plural	singular	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the lawyer that the guy confuses	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the man that the aunt inspires	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the mother that the victim engages	plural	singular	singular	observes	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the poet that the lawyer understands	plural	singular	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The women remember the friend that the carpenter engages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The women remember the singer that the uncle encourages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The women remember the teacher that the boy approves	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The women remember the uncle that the victim avoids	plural	singular	singular	remembers	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The women stimulate the athlete that the friend understands	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The women stimulate the friend that the carpenter understands	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The women stimulate the man that the boy confuses	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The women stimulate the man that the guy greets	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The women stimulate the man that the guy observes	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The women understand the aunt that the mother engages	plural	singular	singular	understands	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes admire the carpenter that the uncles observe	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes admire the girl that the teachers avoid	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes admire the poet that the men observe	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes approve the kid that the aunts admire	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes avoid the boy that the poets encourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes avoid the mother that the boys criticize	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes avoid the poet that the doctors know	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes avoid the singer that the boys confuse	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes avoid the woman that the victims confuse	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes confuse the carpenter that the women understand	plural	singular	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes confuse the father that the poets greet	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes confuse the mother that the singers engage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes confuse the mother that the victims understand	plural	singular	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes criticize the aunt that the carpenters observe	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes criticize the man that the uncles discourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the farmer that the teachers admire	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the father that the men confuse	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the kid that the aunts inspire	plural	singular	plural	discourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the kid that the poets understand	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the lawyer that the poets encourage	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the poet that the kids greet	plural	singular	plural	discourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the singer that the women confuse	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the uncle that the girls criticize	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the uncle that the lawyers approve	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes encourage the singer that the uncles admire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes encourage the uncle that the lawyers observe	plural	singular	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the girl that the boys confuse	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes greet the father that the guys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes greet the man that the victims observe	plural	singular	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the father that the doctors know	plural	singular	plural	inspires	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the father that the women confuse	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the friend that the kids engage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the girl that the lawyers criticize	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the girl that the mothers engage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the girl that the women approve	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the guy that the doctors understand	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the man that the lawyers encourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the father that the friends confuse	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the poet that the farmers inspire	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the uncle that the kids admire	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes observe the mother that the singers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes observe the singer that the teachers confuse	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes remember the carpenter that the guys encourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes remember the doctor that the teachers greet	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes remember the girl that the men encourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes remember the guy that the aunts encourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes remember the woman that the mothers encourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes stimulate the carpenter that the victims encourage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes stimulate the singer that the aunts greet	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes stimulate the woman that the farmers understand	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes understand the aunt that the singers avoid	plural	singular	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes understand the singer that the fathers discourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes understand the victim that the singers observe	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the father that the teachers discourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the lawyer that the boys know	plural	singular	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the man that the singers avoid	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the uncle that the doctors discourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the uncle that the girls avoid	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts approve the athlete that the guys encourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts approve the athlete that the men admire	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts approve the athlete that the teachers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts approve the carpenter that the guys understand	plural	singular	plural	approves	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts approve the singer that the guys engage	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts approve the teacher that the fathers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts approve the teacher that the guys criticize	plural	singular	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts approve the woman that the victims avoid	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts avoid the athlete that the men admire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts avoid the athlete that the mothers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	avoids	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts avoid the victim that the singers admire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the carpenter that the girls criticize	plural	singular	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the farmer that the teachers know	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the father that the doctors encourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the lawyer that the kids avoid	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the uncle that the women stimulate	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the victim that the farmers criticize	plural	singular	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the woman that the men discourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts criticize the friend that the boys encourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts discourage the athlete that the carpenters encourage	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts engage the farmer that the boys greet	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts engage the father that the athletes observe	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts engage the kid that the teachers confuse	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts engage the poet that the farmers admire	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts engage the woman that the kids remember	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts greet the farmer that the girls avoid	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts greet the lawyer that the carpenters discourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts greet the lawyer that the carpenters observe	plural	singular	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts greet the victim that the fathers encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts greet the victim that the teachers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the carpenter that the athletes engage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the uncle that the poets greet	plural	singular	plural	inspires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the boy that the poets avoid	plural	singular	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the farmer that the uncles stimulate	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the father that the victims encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the teacher that the uncles engage	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the uncle that the fathers inspire	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts observe the boy that the women inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts observe the carpenter that the kids discourage	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts observe the farmer that the singers approve	plural	singular	plural	observes	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts observe the farmer that the women confuse	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts observe the teacher that the friends discourage	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts observe the woman that the athletes remember	plural	singular	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts remember the carpenter that the athletes stimulate	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts remember the guy that the teachers admire	plural	singular	plural	remembers	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts remember the teacher that the fathers know	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts stimulate the girl that the teachers understand	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts stimulate the singer that the mothers avoid	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts stimulate the victim that the fathers know	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts understand the kid that the doctors approve	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts understand the man that the women criticize	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys admire the athlete that the carpenters greet	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The boys admire the doctor that the athletes understand	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The boys admire the doctor that the aunts discourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys admire the guy that the poets discourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys admire the lawyer that the girls approve	plural	singular	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The boys approve the guy that the doctors engage	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys approve the uncle that the aunts remember	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The boys avoid the kid that the mothers engage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys avoid the teacher that the women admire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The boys confuse the father that the mothers engage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys confuse the friend that the kids approve	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The boys confuse the girl that the carpenters engage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys confuse the poet that the lawyers inspire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The boys criticize the aunt that the farmers approve	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The boys discourage the athlete that the lawyers avoid	plural	singular	plural	discourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The boys discourage the carpenter that the poets engage	plural	singular	plural	discourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys discourage the farmer that the carpenters observe	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys discourage the girl that the carpenters engage	plural	singular	plural	discourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys discourage the victim that the doctors criticize	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys discourage the victim that the friends criticize	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys encourage the doctor that the athletes understand	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The boys encourage the uncle that the carpenters observe	plural	singular	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys engage the carpenter that the women stimulate	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The boys engage the man that the doctors approve	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The boys engage the poet that the men understand	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The boys greet the doctor that the lawyers criticize	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys greet the farmer that the mothers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The boys greet the friend that the poets understand	plural	singular	plural	greets	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The boys greet the man that the guys understand	plural	singular	plural	greets	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The boys greet the teacher that the mothers observe	plural	singular	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys greet the uncle that the guys inspire	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The boys inspire the teacher that the carpenters engage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys know the farmer that the athletes avoid	plural	singular	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The boys know the farmer that the lawyers criticize	plural	singular	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys know the singer that the poets discourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys observe the athlete that the men inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The boys observe the aunt that the teachers remember	plural	singular	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The boys observe the lawyer that the doctors greet	plural	singular	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The boys remember the aunt that the carpenters avoid	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The boys remember the carpenter that the uncles inspire	plural	singular	plural	remembers	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The boys remember the doctor that the fathers observe	plural	singular	plural	remembers	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys remember the man that the women criticize	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys remember the victim that the fathers criticize	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys stimulate the aunt that the uncles confuse	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The boys stimulate the guy that the aunts avoid	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The boys stimulate the guy that the farmers criticize	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys stimulate the lawyer that the athletes avoid	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The boys stimulate the teacher that the friends remember	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The boys stimulate the woman that the girls observe	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys understand the aunt that the carpenters encourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys understand the kid that the friends know	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The boys understand the poet that the lawyers avoid	plural	singular	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters admire the lawyer that the singers greet	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters admire the woman that the guys criticize	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters approve the father that the boys encourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters approve the girl that the lawyers encourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters approve the man that the singers understand	plural	singular	plural	approves	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters approve the mother that the poets admire	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters confuse the doctor that the poets approve	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters confuse the girl that the uncles know	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters confuse the guy that the poets observe	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters confuse the victim that the lawyers know	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters criticize the boy that the guys greet	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters criticize the friend that the lawyers confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters criticize the girl that the fathers confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters discourage the friend that the fathers admire	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters discourage the lawyer that the girls observe	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters discourage the victim that the doctors admire	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters encourage the aunt that the uncles greet	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters encourage the doctor that the uncles inspire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters encourage the singer that the victims remember	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters engage the man that the farmers admire	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters greet the boy that the athletes criticize	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters greet the man that the kids stimulate	plural	singular	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters greet the mother that the men observe	plural	singular	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters greet the uncle that the kids observe	plural	singular	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters inspire the doctor that the girls understand	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters inspire the friend that the victims greet	plural	singular	plural	inspires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters know the man that the farmers confuse	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters know the woman that the farmers understand	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters observe the girl that the poets remember	plural	singular	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters remember the doctor that the farmers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters remember the friend that the farmers understand	plural	singular	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters remember the guy that the men greet	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters stimulate the athlete that the girls avoid	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters stimulate the boy that the singers remember	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters stimulate the doctor that the friends confuse	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters stimulate the friend that the women approve	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters stimulate the kid that the farmers understand	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters understand the athlete that the men greet	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters understand the boy that the men engage	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters understand the doctor that the victims remember	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters understand the kid that the athletes know	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors admire the father that the carpenters greet	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors admire the lawyer that the fathers confuse	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors admire the singer that the carpenters approve	plural	singular	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors approve the farmer that the aunts encourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors approve the lawyer that the carpenters discourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the athlete that the girls know	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the girl that the carpenters observe	plural	singular	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the guy that the lawyers criticize	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the mother that the girls encourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the teacher that the aunts discourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the uncle that the mothers inspire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors confuse the farmer that the athletes observe	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors confuse the lawyer that the friends approve	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors confuse the teacher that the boys greet	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors criticize the athlete that the girls confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors criticize the father that the friends stimulate	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors criticize the singer that the lawyers understand	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors discourage the father that the friends remember	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors discourage the father that the girls stimulate	plural	singular	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors discourage the mother that the friends observe	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the father that the athletes remember	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the man that the carpenters greet	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors engage the athlete that the teachers inspire	plural	singular	plural	engages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors engage the boy that the guys discourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors engage the girl that the boys greet	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors engage the man that the poets observe	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors engage the mother that the women discourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors greet the friend that the victims avoid	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors greet the poet that the lawyers encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors greet the singer that the boys criticize	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors greet the singer that the kids discourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors inspire the boy that the teachers know	plural	singular	plural	inspires	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors inspire the lawyer that the kids stimulate	plural	singular	plural	inspires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors inspire the lawyer that the men admire	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors inspire the woman that the men approve	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors know the boy that the fathers engage	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors know the singer that the athletes criticize	plural	singular	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors know the teacher that the poets avoid	plural	singular	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors know the woman that the guys approve	plural	singular	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors observe the athlete that the kids inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors observe the friend that the athletes know	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors observe the kid that the girls avoid	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors observe the teacher that the poets inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors remember the aunt that the uncles know	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors remember the kid that the teachers observe	plural	singular	plural	remembers	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors remember the lawyer that the kids discourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors remember the singer that the girls avoid	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors stimulate the girl that the farmers understand	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the girl that the uncles inspire	plural	singular	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the guy that the friends know	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the lawyer that the uncles encourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the man that the fathers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the man that the kids remember	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers admire the father that the mothers understand	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers admire the girl that the doctors criticize	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers admire the man that the fathers inspire	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers admire the singer that the aunts discourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers admire the victim that the doctors understand	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers approve the doctor that the boys remember	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers approve the girl that the women discourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers approve the kid that the poets avoid	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers approve the uncle that the teachers engage	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers avoid the athlete that the men criticize	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers avoid the doctor that the fathers remember	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers avoid the girl that the doctors admire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers avoid the poet that the victims confuse	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers avoid the teacher that the men admire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers confuse the lawyer that the teachers discourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers confuse the teacher that the mothers greet	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers criticize the doctor that the guys know	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers criticize the kid that the mothers greet	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers discourage the father that the guys observe	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers discourage the uncle that the fathers approve	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers discourage the uncle that the lawyers confuse	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers encourage the mother that the fathers engage	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers encourage the poet that the victims know	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers encourage the singer that the kids remember	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers engage the athlete that the kids approve	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers engage the aunt that the singers remember	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers engage the boy that the uncles discourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers engage the lawyer that the poets encourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers engage the poet that the carpenters greet	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers engage the teacher that the athletes understand	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers greet the lawyer that the uncles know	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers inspire the singer that the victims admire	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers observe the man that the teachers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers remember the friend that the men stimulate	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers remember the teacher that the poets inspire	plural	singular	plural	remembers	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers remember the woman that the uncles encourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers stimulate the poet that the victims know	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers stimulate the victim that the teachers approve	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers understand the boy that the fathers confuse	plural	singular	plural	understands	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers understand the friend that the teachers criticize	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers understand the kid that the athletes stimulate	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers understand the kid that the uncles engage	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers understand the victim that the poets criticize	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers admire the aunt that the athletes encourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers admire the guy that the boys discourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers admire the man that the boys discourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers approve the athlete that the women avoid	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers approve the boy that the athletes inspire	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers approve the kid that the women confuse	plural	singular	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers approve the lawyer that the uncles inspire	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers avoid the doctor that the farmers approve	plural	singular	plural	avoids	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers avoid the girl that the uncles observe	plural	singular	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers avoid the girl that the women understand	plural	singular	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers avoid the guy that the lawyers know	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers avoid the singer that the men stimulate	plural	singular	plural	avoids	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers confuse the doctor that the poets inspire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers confuse the lawyer that the carpenters greet	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers confuse the poet that the boys remember	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers confuse the woman that the carpenters inspire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers criticize the athlete that the doctors understand	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers criticize the victim that the kids encourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers criticize the woman that the poets encourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers discourage the athlete that the friends observe	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers discourage the farmer that the athletes approve	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers discourage the uncle that the carpenters approve	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers discourage the uncle that the friends criticize	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers engage the athlete that the singers confuse	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers engage the mother that the teachers remember	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers engage the teacher that the friends inspire	plural	singular	plural	engages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers engage the teacher that the men inspire	plural	singular	plural	engages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers greet the athlete that the carpenters criticize	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers greet the carpenter that the uncles engage	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers greet the friend that the poets approve	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the aunt that the athletes understand	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the uncle that the mothers know	plural	singular	plural	inspires	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers know the aunt that the mothers inspire	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers know the poet that the singers encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers know the woman that the guys understand	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers know the woman that the uncles criticize	plural	singular	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers observe the doctor that the aunts confuse	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers observe the farmer that the friends avoid	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers remember the carpenter that the uncles inspire	plural	singular	plural	remembers	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers remember the man that the poets stimulate	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers remember the uncle that the doctors stimulate	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers stimulate the boy that the friends avoid	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers stimulate the boy that the kids remember	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers stimulate the uncle that the singers engage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers understand the carpenter that the girls approve	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers understand the doctor that the boys engage	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers understand the singer that the doctors greet	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers understand the victim that the mothers engage	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends admire the lawyer that the mothers discourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends admire the teacher that the farmers criticize	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the farmer that the poets discourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the father that the boys inspire	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the father that the farmers observe	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the father that the kids encourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the guy that the kids know	plural	singular	plural	approves	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The friends avoid the father that the aunts know	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The friends avoid the girl that the women confuse	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The friends avoid the lawyer that the aunts stimulate	plural	singular	plural	avoids	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The friends avoid the poet that the teachers confuse	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The friends avoid the uncle that the guys remember	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The friends confuse the carpenter that the aunts know	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The friends confuse the girl that the kids greet	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The friends confuse the mother that the women stimulate	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The friends discourage the boy that the carpenters observe	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The friends discourage the carpenter that the poets observe	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The friends discourage the guy that the doctors approve	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The friends encourage the aunt that the victims admire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friends encourage the doctor that the lawyers avoid	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The friends encourage the victim that the kids engage	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends engage the doctor that the victims greet	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The friends engage the singer that the girls avoid	plural	singular	plural	engages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The friends greet the boy that the fathers admire	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friends greet the carpenter that the athletes encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends greet the father that the aunts observe	plural	singular	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The friends greet the father that the boys discourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends greet the guy that the mothers engage	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends inspire the guy that the kids confuse	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The friends inspire the poet that the victims avoid	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The friends know the athlete that the girls admire	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friends know the girl that the mothers encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends know the poet that the boys encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends know the uncle that the women engage	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends observe the guy that the doctors criticize	plural	singular	plural	observes	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The friends observe the man that the uncles admire	plural	singular	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the kid that the men greet	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the teacher that the boys criticize	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the victim that the uncles approve	plural	singular	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The friends stimulate the doctor that the men admire	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friends stimulate the singer that the women greet	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The friends understand the boy that the farmers observe	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The friends understand the girl that the poets stimulate	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The friends understand the uncle that the boys approve	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the guy that the friends discourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the victim that the singers discourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls approve the aunt that the boys criticize	plural	singular	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The girls approve the boy that the athletes avoid	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The girls approve the boy that the teachers engage	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls approve the friend that the aunts engage	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls approve the man that the athletes avoid	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The girls approve the victim that the kids discourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls approve the woman that the carpenters admire	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The girls avoid the carpenter that the guys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	avoids	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girls avoid the guy that the boys understand	plural	singular	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The girls avoid the man that the aunts criticize	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The girls avoid the mother that the friends greet	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the doctor that the fathers remember	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the doctor that the friends discourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the father that the men stimulate	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the mother that the athletes admire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the poet that the victims observe	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the singer that the victims know	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the doctor that the fathers discourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the uncle that the lawyers avoid	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the woman that the lawyers discourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls discourage the aunt that the carpenters understand	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The girls discourage the aunt that the men remember	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The girls discourage the carpenter that the fathers approve	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The girls discourage the uncle that the guys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girls encourage the boy that the aunts engage	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls encourage the farmer that the aunts inspire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The girls encourage the guy that the victims admire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The girls engage the father that the kids understand	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The girls engage the kid that the singers avoid	plural	singular	plural	engages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The girls engage the mother that the kids criticize	plural	singular	plural	engages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The girls engage the victim that the farmers confuse	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The girls greet the boy that the mothers admire	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The girls greet the carpenter that the doctors encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls greet the doctor that the athletes avoid	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The girls greet the kid that the lawyers remember	plural	singular	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The girls inspire the athlete that the friends admire	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The girls inspire the man that the athletes approve	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The girls inspire the poet that the women greet	plural	singular	plural	inspires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The girls inspire the singer that the lawyers understand	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The girls know the boy that the poets admire	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The girls observe the aunt that the doctors approve	plural	singular	plural	observes	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The girls observe the boy that the farmers encourage	plural	singular	plural	observes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls remember the doctor that the victims encourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls remember the father that the carpenters inspire	plural	singular	plural	remembers	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The girls remember the friend that the boys know	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The girls remember the woman that the uncles admire	plural	singular	plural	remembers	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The girls stimulate the boy that the athletes encourage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls stimulate the friend that the singers engage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls stimulate the mother that the athletes know	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The girls stimulate the singer that the guys encourage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls understand the friend that the poets encourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls understand the man that the poets avoid	plural	singular	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The girls understand the uncle that the teachers encourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys admire the lawyer that the farmers greet	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guys admire the poet that the athletes encourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys admire the teacher that the uncles inspire	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys approve the athlete that the poets confuse	plural	singular	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The guys approve the farmer that the victims discourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys avoid the aunt that the doctors stimulate	plural	singular	plural	avoids	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The guys confuse the aunt that the lawyers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The guys confuse the lawyer that the kids greet	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guys confuse the lawyer that the mothers inspire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys criticize the boy that the men engage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys criticize the kid that the boys know	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The guys criticize the lawyer that the friends confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The guys criticize the uncle that the women observe	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The guys criticize the victim that the aunts stimulate	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The guys criticize the woman that the fathers greet	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guys criticize the woman that the uncles understand	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The guys discourage the farmer that the kids remember	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guys encourage the poet that the singers confuse	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The guys encourage the teacher that the fathers discourage	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys engage the farmer that the carpenters discourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys engage the friend that the boys greet	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guys engage the lawyer that the men stimulate	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The guys engage the man that the lawyers admire	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys engage the man that the mothers approve	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The guys engage the mother that the friends greet	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guys engage the woman that the teachers encourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys greet the father that the friends approve	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The guys greet the poet that the doctors remember	plural	singular	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guys greet the teacher that the singers discourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys greet the teacher that the uncles admire	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys greet the victim that the teachers discourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys inspire the kid that the fathers confuse	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The guys inspire the teacher that the aunts remember	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guys inspire the victim that the women approve	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The guys know the aunt that the poets engage	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys know the doctor that the aunts admire	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys know the mother that the boys approve	plural	singular	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The guys know the mother that the doctors inspire	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys observe the athlete that the kids inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys observe the athlete that the uncles inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys observe the poet that the mothers remember	plural	singular	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guys remember the boy that the doctors stimulate	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The guys remember the singer that the carpenters discourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the athlete that the mothers know	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the carpenter that the kids criticize	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the lawyer that the poets encourage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the woman that the men criticize	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the woman that the teachers engage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys understand the carpenter that the doctors approve	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The guys understand the farmer that the lawyers inspire	plural	singular	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys understand the girl that the teachers admire	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys understand the man that the mothers encourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys understand the teacher that the carpenters engage	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids admire the doctor that the singers observe	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The kids admire the farmer that the poets criticize	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The kids admire the guy that the poets encourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids admire the man that the victims greet	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The kids admire the uncle that the athletes avoid	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kids approve the aunt that the singers avoid	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kids approve the lawyer that the victims observe	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The kids approve the man that the uncles inspire	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The kids approve the mother that the women avoid	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kids approve the poet that the lawyers admire	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The kids avoid the man that the fathers confuse	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kids avoid the victim that the fathers greet	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The kids avoid the woman that the carpenters admire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The kids confuse the aunt that the farmers observe	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The kids confuse the poet that the boys remember	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The kids confuse the victim that the guys admire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The kids confuse the woman that the guys remember	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The kids criticize the singer that the athletes inspire	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The kids discourage the father that the mothers encourage	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids discourage the mother that the poets observe	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The kids discourage the singer that the fathers confuse	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kids discourage the victim that the athletes remember	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the doctor that the teachers know	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the farmer that the lawyers criticize	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the lawyer that the uncles confuse	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the man that the mothers confuse	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the teacher that the boys approve	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the teacher that the poets avoid	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the woman that the farmers remember	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The kids engage the doctor that the boys admire	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The kids engage the lawyer that the athletes discourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids engage the man that the guys criticize	plural	singular	plural	engages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The kids greet the athlete that the carpenters inspire	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The kids greet the boy that the fathers approve	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The kids greet the boy that the fathers remember	plural	singular	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The kids greet the carpenter that the poets avoid	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kids greet the mother that the girls remember	plural	singular	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The kids know the man that the aunts admire	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The kids stimulate the carpenter that the girls approve	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The kids stimulate the victim that the men admire	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The kids understand the athlete that the carpenters avoid	plural	singular	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kids understand the boy that the friends know	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The kids understand the girl that the mothers criticize	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The kids understand the singer that the aunts criticize	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The kids understand the victim that the girls encourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids understand the woman that the athletes criticize	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers admire the athlete that the mothers approve	plural	singular	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers admire the man that the friends confuse	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers admire the mother that the singers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers admire the victim that the women confuse	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers approve the athlete that the doctors criticize	plural	singular	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers approve the boy that the men stimulate	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers approve the poet that the victims stimulate	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the athlete that the men understand	plural	singular	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the aunt that the mothers confuse	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the singer that the teachers remember	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers confuse the boy that the friends inspire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers confuse the girl that the uncles avoid	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers confuse the poet that the uncles avoid	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers confuse the uncle that the athletes encourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers criticize the boy that the victims approve	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers criticize the poet that the women stimulate	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers criticize the woman that the athletes confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers discourage the doctor that the victims stimulate	plural	singular	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers discourage the mother that the kids understand	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the athlete that the poets greet	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the aunt that the teachers understand	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the man that the farmers criticize	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the singer that the aunts stimulate	plural	singular	plural	encourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the uncle that the doctors greet	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers engage the athlete that the victims stimulate	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers engage the girl that the victims avoid	plural	singular	plural	engages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers engage the poet that the aunts greet	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers engage the teacher that the girls avoid	plural	singular	plural	engages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the athlete that the doctors engage	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the doctor that the men inspire	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the victim that the carpenters engage	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers inspire the aunt that the mothers avoid	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers inspire the father that the aunts admire	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers inspire the kid that the friends admire	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers inspire the kid that the girls encourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers inspire the victim that the fathers understand	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the aunt that the doctors greet	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the boy that the mothers inspire	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the farmer that the aunts remember	plural	singular	plural	knows	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the singer that the athletes encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the singer that the poets approve	plural	singular	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the teacher that the kids encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the aunt that the friends stimulate	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the boy that the farmers greet	plural	singular	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the poet that the aunts engage	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the teacher that the poets encourage	plural	singular	plural	observes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the aunt that the boys know	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the boy that the farmers inspire	plural	singular	plural	remembers	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the carpenter that the girls understand	plural	singular	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the kid that the poets approve	plural	singular	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the kid that the women encourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the singer that the guys confuse	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the singer that the men confuse	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the woman that the friends stimulate	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers stimulate the friend that the aunts avoid	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers stimulate the kid that the men know	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers understand the carpenter that the farmers greet	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers understand the farmer that the women encourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers understand the girl that the victims know	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers understand the mother that the friends discourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The men admire the boy that the friends observe	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The men admire the friend that the singers greet	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The men admire the guy that the lawyers know	plural	singular	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The men admire the uncle that the doctors approve	plural	singular	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the athlete that the women observe	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the father that the guys inspire	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the father that the uncles encourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the guy that the girls discourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the kid that the women admire	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the mother that the poets criticize	plural	singular	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The men avoid the kid that the poets know	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The men avoid the poet that the athletes understand	plural	singular	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The men avoid the poet that the friends know	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The men avoid the uncle that the singers encourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The men confuse the guy that the athletes encourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The men confuse the singer that the boys greet	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The men confuse the woman that the mothers criticize	plural	singular	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The men criticize the doctor that the guys remember	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The men criticize the friend that the kids inspire	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The men criticize the singer that the athletes remember	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The men discourage the aunt that the lawyers know	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The men discourage the doctor that the singers engage	plural	singular	plural	discourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The men discourage the mother that the carpenters avoid	plural	singular	plural	discourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The men discourage the uncle that the victims understand	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The men encourage the father that the mothers engage	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The men encourage the mother that the victims admire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The men engage the mother that the kids understand	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The men engage the woman that the friends criticize	plural	singular	plural	engages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The men greet the doctor that the poets observe	plural	singular	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The men greet the poet that the guys inspire	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The men greet the teacher that the boys inspire	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The men inspire the girl that the aunts encourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The men know the aunt that the singers approve	plural	singular	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the carpenter that the women remember	plural	singular	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the victim that the poets inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The men remember the doctor that the boys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The men remember the friend that the farmers encourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The men remember the guy that the athletes avoid	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The men remember the guy that the lawyers avoid	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The men remember the kid that the athletes discourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The men remember the kid that the doctors know	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The men remember the woman that the carpenters stimulate	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The men stimulate the girl that the women admire	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The men stimulate the teacher that the farmers admire	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The men stimulate the teacher that the mothers approve	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The men understand the mother that the carpenters admire	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers admire the lawyer that the aunts avoid	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers admire the lawyer that the carpenters inspire	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers admire the lawyer that the kids confuse	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers admire the man that the lawyers avoid	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers admire the victim that the girls discourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers approve the kid that the singers greet	plural	singular	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers avoid the carpenter that the athletes confuse	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers avoid the friend that the lawyers encourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers avoid the singer that the men criticize	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers avoid the singer that the teachers inspire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers confuse the kid that the boys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers confuse the woman that the athletes know	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the carpenter that the singers confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the victim that the fathers know	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers discourage the carpenter that the men criticize	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers discourage the girl that the women greet	plural	singular	plural	discourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers discourage the man that the uncles approve	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers discourage the uncle that the kids avoid	plural	singular	plural	discourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the girl that the victims engage	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the guy that the singers approve	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the lawyer that the kids greet	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the woman that the boys admire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers engage the athlete that the farmers approve	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers engage the farmer that the doctors remember	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers engage the father that the poets know	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers engage the friend that the girls avoid	plural	singular	plural	engages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers engage the girl that the athletes discourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers engage the girl that the men criticize	plural	singular	plural	engages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers greet the aunt that the doctors encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers greet the kid that the boys criticize	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers inspire the athlete that the doctors criticize	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers know the guy that the boys greet	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers know the kid that the poets confuse	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers know the man that the singers criticize	plural	singular	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers know the victim that the women approve	plural	singular	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers observe the aunt that the women engage	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers remember the boy that the friends confuse	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers remember the carpenter that the guys understand	plural	singular	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers remember the farmer that the carpenters approve	plural	singular	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers remember the friend that the victims admire	plural	singular	plural	remembers	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers remember the woman that the poets inspire	plural	singular	plural	remembers	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers remember the woman that the teachers encourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers stimulate the athlete that the girls admire	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers stimulate the friend that the doctors remember	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers stimulate the man that the boys greet	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers stimulate the woman that the men confuse	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers stimulate the woman that the singers greet	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers understand the uncle that the teachers confuse	plural	singular	plural	understands	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The poets admire the aunt that the boys encourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poets admire the aunt that the doctors encourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poets admire the mother that the farmers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The poets approve the farmer that the carpenters admire	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poets approve the girl that the doctors engage	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The poets approve the teacher that the mothers avoid	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The poets avoid the friend that the teachers remember	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the athlete that the men know	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the athlete that the women stimulate	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the aunt that the women criticize	plural	singular	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the friend that the farmers remember	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the guy that the fathers admire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the woman that the victims stimulate	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The poets criticize the carpenter that the friends know	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The poets criticize the girl that the doctors inspire	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The poets discourage the athlete that the teachers remember	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The poets discourage the carpenter that the doctors approve	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The poets discourage the friend that the guys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The poets discourage the uncle that the guys know	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The poets encourage the carpenter that the lawyers know	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The poets encourage the carpenter that the men admire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poets encourage the father that the victims avoid	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The poets encourage the kid that the doctors observe	plural	singular	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The poets encourage the kid that the victims discourage	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poets engage the lawyer that the athletes know	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The poets engage the man that the singers understand	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The poets engage the mother that the uncles know	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The poets engage the victim that the men stimulate	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The poets engage the victim that the women admire	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poets greet the father that the boys criticize	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The poets greet the guy that the farmers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The poets greet the singer that the carpenters approve	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The poets greet the singer that the guys admire	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poets inspire the athlete that the kids observe	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The poets inspire the aunt that the fathers discourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poets inspire the farmer that the singers encourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poets inspire the friend that the aunts encourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poets inspire the girl that the doctors approve	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The poets inspire the girl that the uncles stimulate	plural	singular	plural	inspires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The poets inspire the kid that the aunts criticize	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The poets know the carpenter that the girls avoid	plural	singular	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The poets know the man that the lawyers admire	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poets know the singer that the uncles avoid	plural	singular	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The poets know the woman that the teachers inspire	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The poets observe the doctor that the teachers know	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The poets observe the friend that the doctors inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The poets observe the mother that the men understand	plural	singular	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The poets remember the uncle that the lawyers approve	plural	singular	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The poets stimulate the athlete that the carpenters criticize	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The poets stimulate the woman that the athletes understand	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the man that the women admire	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the teacher that the carpenters inspire	plural	singular	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The singers admire the uncle that the guys encourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singers approve the girl that the uncles remember	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The singers approve the man that the friends encourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singers approve the woman that the lawyers inspire	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The singers avoid the boy that the girls criticize	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The singers avoid the doctor that the girls observe	plural	singular	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singers avoid the father that the guys observe	plural	singular	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singers avoid the lawyer that the mothers admire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the boy that the fathers avoid	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the girl that the uncles stimulate	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the mother that the athletes approve	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the mother that the victims discourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the teacher that the lawyers admire	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the uncle that the boys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the victim that the friends confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the woman that the men understand	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the aunt that the kids understand	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the aunt that the mothers confuse	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the guy that the mothers understand	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the man that the mothers understand	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The singers encourage the farmer that the athletes avoid	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The singers encourage the lawyer that the girls approve	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The singers encourage the victim that the mothers understand	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The singers engage the boy that the carpenters avoid	plural	singular	plural	engages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The singers engage the girl that the mothers discourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singers engage the guy that the friends inspire	plural	singular	plural	engages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The singers engage the teacher that the poets remember	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The singers greet the athlete that the teachers approve	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The singers greet the friend that the girls encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singers know the carpenter that the girls encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singers know the carpenter that the guys confuse	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The singers know the girl that the lawyers encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singers know the lawyer that the girls greet	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The singers know the mother that the women inspire	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The singers observe the athlete that the victims know	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The singers observe the lawyer that the uncles inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The singers observe the victim that the carpenters understand	plural	singular	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The singers remember the farmer that the athletes engage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The singers remember the father that the uncles stimulate	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singers remember the father that the women stimulate	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singers remember the teacher that the kids criticize	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The singers stimulate the aunt that the doctors confuse	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The singers stimulate the boy that the teachers understand	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The singers stimulate the friend that the lawyers approve	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The singers stimulate the poet that the kids discourage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singers understand the aunt that the mothers approve	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The singers understand the victim that the guys approve	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The singers understand the woman that the friends criticize	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers admire the athlete that the girls discourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers admire the boy that the friends remember	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers admire the singer that the friends understand	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers approve the uncle that the victims criticize	plural	singular	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers approve the victim that the uncles discourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the aunt that the friends criticize	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the carpenter that the boys observe	plural	singular	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the carpenter that the singers observe	plural	singular	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the friend that the guys admire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the uncle that the carpenters engage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the uncle that the fathers understand	plural	singular	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the woman that the uncles admire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers confuse the aunt that the boys know	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers confuse the doctor that the women inspire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers confuse the father that the farmers encourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers confuse the man that the girls know	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers confuse the mother that the friends greet	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers confuse the woman that the mothers encourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers criticize the athlete that the women understand	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers criticize the aunt that the farmers approve	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers criticize the guy that the carpenters greet	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers criticize the kid that the mothers understand	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers criticize the poet that the guys encourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers discourage the aunt that the lawyers admire	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers discourage the kid that the fathers remember	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers encourage the friend that the farmers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	encourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers encourage the lawyer that the girls observe	plural	singular	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers encourage the lawyer that the girls stimulate	plural	singular	plural	encourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers encourage the mother that the friends engage	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers encourage the woman that the poets avoid	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers engage the boy that the uncles stimulate	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers engage the singer that the aunts know	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers greet the doctor that the singers know	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers greet the guy that the carpenters know	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers greet the lawyer that the mothers discourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the aunt that the poets discourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the girl that the poets remember	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the victim that the aunts encourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers know the girl that the poets stimulate	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers know the man that the uncles understand	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers know the woman that the poets understand	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers observe the boy that the aunts avoid	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers observe the carpenter that the fathers encourage	plural	singular	plural	observes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers observe the doctor that the singers encourage	plural	singular	plural	observes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers observe the friend that the athletes inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers observe the friend that the kids avoid	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers observe the kid that the women know	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers remember the aunt that the fathers discourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers remember the father that the lawyers greet	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers remember the singer that the aunts confuse	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers remember the singer that the victims avoid	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers remember the woman that the kids know	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers stimulate the uncle that the women understand	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers stimulate the victim that the carpenters approve	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers stimulate the woman that the athletes greet	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers stimulate the woman that the carpenters greet	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers understand the lawyer that the doctors observe	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers understand the man that the poets criticize	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles admire the woman that the guys greet	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the athlete that the men criticize	plural	singular	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the carpenter that the singers know	plural	singular	plural	approves	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the doctor that the poets observe	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the guy that the doctors encourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the guy that the farmers remember	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the lawyer that the farmers remember	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the mother that the aunts remember	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the woman that the fathers greet	plural	singular	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles avoid the girl that the singers remember	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles avoid the guy that the boys encourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles avoid the lawyer that the farmers criticize	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles avoid the poet that the kids admire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles confuse the athlete that the girls approve	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles confuse the singer that the teachers approve	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles criticize the singer that the teachers remember	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles criticize the victim that the guys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles engage the boy that the girls confuse	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles engage the farmer that the victims stimulate	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles engage the father that the men stimulate	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles engage the victim that the carpenters understand	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles greet the doctor that the victims avoid	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles greet the poet that the teachers avoid	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles greet the teacher that the friends engage	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles inspire the guy that the athletes criticize	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles inspire the lawyer that the kids understand	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles inspire the poet that the women admire	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles inspire the teacher that the friends greet	plural	singular	plural	inspires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles know the father that the victims approve	plural	singular	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles know the girl that the lawyers admire	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles know the guy that the poets encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles know the man that the teachers observe	plural	singular	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles observe the athlete that the guys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles observe the boy that the friends engage	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles observe the father that the lawyers greet	plural	singular	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles observe the friend that the women encourage	plural	singular	plural	observes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles observe the man that the doctors confuse	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles observe the poet that the aunts engage	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles remember the doctor that the boys observe	plural	singular	plural	remembers	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles remember the kid that the mothers avoid	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles stimulate the carpenter that the boys know	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles stimulate the guy that the girls inspire	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles stimulate the mother that the boys criticize	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles stimulate the singer that the men approve	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles understand the friend that the victims remember	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles understand the teacher that the friends inspire	plural	singular	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The victims admire the carpenter that the women remember	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The victims admire the father that the singers greet	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The victims admire the uncle that the men approve	plural	singular	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The victims approve the carpenter that the mothers engage	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims approve the doctor that the athletes observe	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The victims approve the farmer that the uncles encourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims approve the man that the lawyers discourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims approve the poet that the girls stimulate	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victims avoid the doctor that the singers admire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The victims avoid the father that the guys observe	plural	singular	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The victims avoid the guy that the aunts approve	plural	singular	plural	avoids	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The victims confuse the girl that the mothers remember	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The victims confuse the poet that the guys understand	plural	singular	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The victims criticize the kid that the poets stimulate	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victims criticize the uncle that the athletes confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The victims discourage the athlete that the guys observe	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The victims discourage the athlete that the men stimulate	plural	singular	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victims discourage the kid that the friends confuse	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The victims discourage the lawyer that the kids understand	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The victims discourage the uncle that the aunts greet	plural	singular	plural	discourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The victims discourage the uncle that the teachers greet	plural	singular	plural	discourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The victims engage the boy that the athletes know	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The victims engage the poet that the carpenters remember	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The victims engage the poet that the lawyers know	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The victims greet the carpenter that the women avoid	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The victims greet the guy that the singers know	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The victims greet the kid that the athletes encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims greet the teacher that the poets engage	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims inspire the carpenter that the farmers engage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims inspire the doctor that the poets approve	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The victims inspire the woman that the kids know	plural	singular	plural	inspires	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The victims know the athlete that the lawyers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victims know the woman that the kids engage	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims observe the doctor that the mothers engage	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims observe the kid that the uncles know	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The victims observe the man that the aunts inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The victims remember the aunt that the girls discourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims remember the man that the kids greet	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The victims remember the poet that the fathers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victims remember the teacher that the carpenters know	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The victims stimulate the aunt that the mothers discourage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims stimulate the doctor that the athletes encourage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims stimulate the singer that the friends approve	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The victims stimulate the woman that the men confuse	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The victims understand the athlete that the girls criticize	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The victims understand the boy that the doctors approve	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The victims understand the father that the farmers greet	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The victims understand the uncle that the carpenters stimulate	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The women admire the boy that the poets understand	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The women admire the carpenter that the fathers approve	plural	singular	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The women admire the carpenter that the mothers avoid	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The women approve the aunt that the athletes engage	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The women approve the kid that the athletes encourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The women approve the lawyer that the victims understand	plural	singular	plural	approves	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The women avoid the farmer that the uncles greet	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The women avoid the girl that the farmers confuse	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The women avoid the lawyer that the guys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	avoids	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The women avoid the singer that the boys greet	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The women avoid the teacher that the men greet	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The women confuse the girl that the fathers discourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The women confuse the lawyer that the boys greet	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The women confuse the poet that the boys discourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The women confuse the singer that the mothers encourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The women confuse the victim that the boys inspire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The women confuse the victim that the uncles approve	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The women criticize the aunt that the poets avoid	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The women criticize the lawyer that the singers admire	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The women criticize the lawyer that the singers discourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The women criticize the mother that the athletes avoid	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The women criticize the teacher that the men know	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The women discourage the aunt that the teachers engage	plural	singular	plural	discourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The women discourage the kid that the friends know	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The women discourage the lawyer that the guys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The women discourage the uncle that the carpenters remember	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The women encourage the athlete that the mothers know	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The women encourage the kid that the lawyers avoid	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The women engage the doctor that the lawyers understand	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The women engage the lawyer that the girls observe	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The women greet the father that the farmers approve	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The women greet the kid that the athletes encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The women greet the mother that the men engage	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The women greet the singer that the lawyers admire	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The women inspire the aunt that the lawyers criticize	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The women inspire the uncle that the men avoid	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The women inspire the victim that the guys observe	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The women know the farmer that the kids remember	plural	singular	plural	knows	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the boy that the lawyers avoid	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The women remember the boy that the singers criticize	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The women remember the carpenter that the girls know	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The women remember the kid that the friends criticize	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The women remember the teacher that the singers discourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The women stimulate the farmer that the teachers know	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The women stimulate the girl that the friends discourage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The women stimulate the victim that the athletes understand	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The women stimulate the victim that the uncles confuse	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The women understand the athlete that the girls criticize	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The women understand the farmer that the teachers confuse	plural	singular	plural	understands	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The women understand the teacher that the poets know	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes approve the doctors that the guy knows	plural	plural	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes approve the kids that the guy stimulates	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes avoid the men that the guy encourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes confuse the mothers that the girl admires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes criticize the friends that the guy stimulates	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes criticize the friends that the singer encourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes criticize the men that the lawyer engages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes criticize the poets that the victim avoids	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes criticize the uncles that the friend engages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the aunts that the woman stimulates	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the friends that the victim avoids	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes encourage the aunts that the girl discourages	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes encourage the aunts that the singer avoids	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes encourage the farmers that the father greets	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes encourage the fathers that the aunt criticizes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes encourage the kids that the carpenter engages	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes encourage the kids that the doctor discourages	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the aunts that the man stimulates	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the fathers that the singer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the girls that the friend inspires	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the guys that the singer understands	plural	plural	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the lawyers that the guy remembers	plural	plural	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes greet the mothers that the woman knows	plural	plural	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the carpenters that the man criticizes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the farmers that the woman understands	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the teachers that the doctor avoids	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the boys that the kid inspires	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the doctors that the kid approves	plural	plural	singular	knows	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the doctors that the teacher greets	plural	plural	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the mothers that the friend admires	plural	plural	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the uncles that the kid greets	plural	plural	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes observe the doctors that the mother criticizes	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes observe the kids that the woman confuses	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes observe the mothers that the lawyer discourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes observe the poets that the lawyer inspires	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes observe the singers that the father discourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes remember the aunts that the father understands	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes stimulate the boys that the victim observes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes stimulate the men that the singer discourages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes understand the singers that the boy criticizes	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the athletes that the lawyer inspires	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the farmers that the guy stimulates	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the kids that the father understands	plural	plural	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the kids that the lawyer avoids	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the men that the uncle discourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the mothers that the athlete understands	plural	plural	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the uncles that the lawyer knows	plural	plural	singular	admires	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the victims that the carpenter greets	plural	plural	singular	admires	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts approve the mothers that the carpenter understands	plural	plural	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts avoid the boys that the poet greets	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts avoid the fathers that the lawyer admires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts avoid the girls that the lawyer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts avoid the men that the farmer encourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts avoid the victims that the athlete stimulates	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the athletes that the doctor discourages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the farmers that the friend observes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the friends that the victim remembers	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the lawyers that the victim stimulates	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the teachers that the victim admires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts criticize the teachers that the athlete avoids	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts criticize the teachers that the lawyer discourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts discourage the athletes that the doctor engages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts discourage the victims that the girl encourages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts discourage the women that the singer observes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts encourage the poets that the guy confuses	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts encourage the teachers that the carpenter inspires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts engage the doctors that the girl inspires	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts engage the fathers that the boy criticizes	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts engage the fathers that the friend encourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts engage the friends that the man stimulates	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts greet the carpenters that the singer confuses	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts greet the guys that the woman encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the athletes that the woman knows	plural	plural	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the fathers that the poet discourages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the girls that the lawyer stimulates	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the guys that the woman knows	plural	plural	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the poets that the uncle confuses	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the singers that the farmer understands	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the teachers that the doctor discourages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the women that the boy confuses	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the doctors that the farmer avoids	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the fathers that the doctor avoids	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the friends that the girl approves	plural	plural	singular	knows	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the friends that the teacher discourages	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the girls that the doctor avoids	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the lawyers that the carpenter stimulates	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the lawyers that the girl stimulates	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the uncles that the doctor stimulates	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the victims that the friend admires	plural	plural	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the victims that the guy observes	plural	plural	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts observe the mothers that the singer confuses	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts remember the carpenters that the doctor understands	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts remember the farmers that the victim approves	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts remember the fathers that the girl approves	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts remember the fathers that the lawyer approves	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts stimulate the guys that the carpenter knows	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts stimulate the lawyers that the kid understands	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts understand the athletes that the mother remembers	plural	plural	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts understand the carpenters that the man knows	plural	plural	singular	understands	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts understand the fathers that the victim admires	plural	plural	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts understand the girls that the uncle greets	plural	plural	singular	understands	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts understand the kids that the father criticizes	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boys admire the athletes that the girl greets	plural	plural	singular	admires	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The boys admire the doctors that the friend greets	plural	plural	singular	admires	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The boys admire the guys that the aunt stimulates	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boys admire the guys that the friend avoids	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The boys admire the mothers that the girl remembers	plural	plural	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The boys admire the mothers that the guy knows	plural	plural	singular	admires	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boys admire the uncles that the athlete encourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys approve the athletes that the poet stimulates	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boys approve the aunts that the victim criticizes	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boys approve the doctors that the carpenter observes	plural	plural	singular	approves	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The boys approve the guys that the uncle discourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys approve the lawyers that the carpenter encourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys approve the poets that the uncle criticizes	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boys approve the women that the uncle discourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys avoid the athletes that the doctor criticizes	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boys avoid the girls that the victim confuses	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The boys avoid the guys that the friend approves	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The boys avoid the lawyers that the teacher stimulates	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boys avoid the uncles that the woman knows	plural	plural	singular	avoids	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boys avoid the victims that the man remembers	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The boys confuse the girls that the mother observes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The boys confuse the guys that the girl knows	plural	plural	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boys criticize the lawyers that the guy knows	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boys discourage the fathers that the carpenter greets	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The boys discourage the girls that the victim knows	plural	plural	singular	discourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boys discourage the mothers that the doctor admires	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The boys encourage the athletes that the girl confuses	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The boys encourage the athletes that the poet understands	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The boys encourage the kids that the athlete understands	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The boys engage the athletes that the guy greets	plural	plural	singular	engages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The boys engage the friends that the kid knows	plural	plural	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boys engage the girls that the guy knows	plural	plural	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boys engage the men that the doctor confuses	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The boys engage the mothers that the uncle admires	plural	plural	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The boys engage the singers that the friend observes	plural	plural	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The boys greet the doctors that the athlete encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys greet the kids that the guy discourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys greet the victims that the guy remembers	plural	plural	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The boys inspire the athletes that the aunt admires	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The boys inspire the farmers that the victim criticizes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boys inspire the mothers that the victim engages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys inspire the women that the doctor observes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The boys know the athletes that the father encourages	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys know the carpenters that the aunt approves	plural	plural	singular	knows	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The boys know the kids that the singer admires	plural	plural	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The boys observe the teachers that the farmer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boys observe the uncles that the athlete inspires	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The boys observe the victims that the kid engages	plural	plural	singular	observes	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys remember the aunts that the man avoids	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The boys remember the uncles that the doctor discourages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys stimulate the doctors that the mother inspires	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The boys stimulate the guys that the friend understands	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The boys stimulate the singers that the lawyer confuses	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The boys understand the girls that the woman encourages	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys understand the men that the father observes	plural	plural	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The boys understand the poets that the farmer discourages	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys understand the singers that the guy avoids	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters admire the doctors that the poet knows	plural	plural	singular	admires	know
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters admire the friends that the woman criticizes	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters admire the girls that the teacher inspires	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters admire the women that the girl knows	plural	plural	singular	admires	know
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters approve the boys that the teacher inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters approve the teachers that the guy encourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters approve the teachers that the man inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters avoid the singers that the aunt criticizes	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters avoid the uncles that the athlete knows	plural	plural	singular	avoids	know
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters avoid the victims that the friend greets	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters confuse the doctors that the kid encourages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters confuse the friends that the teacher inspires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters confuse the kids that the aunt understands	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters criticize the athletes that the mother remembers	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters criticize the fathers that the aunt confuses	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters criticize the kids that the man admires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters criticize the teachers that the mother remembers	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters discourage the athletes that the woman criticizes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters discourage the doctors that the man avoids	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters discourage the guys that the mother encourages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters encourage the athletes that the aunt admires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters encourage the singers that the aunt inspires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters encourage the women that the poet inspires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters engage the doctors that the athlete understands	plural	plural	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters engage the fathers that the aunt criticizes	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters engage the mothers that the kid greets	plural	plural	singular	engages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters engage the singers that the lawyer understands	plural	plural	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters engage the victims that the boy criticizes	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters greet the farmers that the girl criticizes	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters greet the mothers that the poet criticizes	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters inspire the doctors that the father observes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters inspire the farmers that the kid observes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters inspire the singers that the athlete remembers	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters inspire the teachers that the boy understands	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters know the men that the athlete criticizes	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters know the uncles that the father confuses	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters observe the kids that the man engages	plural	plural	singular	observes	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters observe the poets that the lawyer encourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters observe the victims that the athlete greets	plural	plural	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters observe the women that the doctor encourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters remember the farmers that the lawyer understands	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters remember the kids that the boy encourages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters remember the mothers that the guy confuses	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters stimulate the singers that the teacher engages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters stimulate the women that the lawyer avoids	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters understand the athletes that the girl confuses	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters understand the women that the kid criticizes	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors admire the farmers that the victim remembers	plural	plural	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors admire the lawyers that the boy greets	plural	plural	singular	admires	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors admire the women that the friend observes	plural	plural	singular	admires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors admire the women that the man discourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors approve the kids that the girl stimulates	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors approve the men that the singer encourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors approve the mothers that the farmer encourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors approve the mothers that the girl understands	plural	plural	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors approve the teachers that the athlete observes	plural	plural	singular	approves	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the girls that the father approves	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the men that the woman greets	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the mothers that the woman encourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the teachers that the girl approves	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors confuse the boys that the poet engages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors confuse the friends that the woman observes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors confuse the men that the poet stimulates	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors criticize the athletes that the teacher approves	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors criticize the women that the athlete greets	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors discourage the singers that the friend greets	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors discourage the women that the victim avoids	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the men that the girl admires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the mothers that the teacher observes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the uncles that the carpenter observes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the victims that the uncle inspires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors engage the athletes that the poet inspires	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors engage the boys that the father confuses	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors engage the friends that the woman knows	plural	plural	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors engage the lawyers that the father remembers	plural	plural	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors engage the lawyers that the girl greets	plural	plural	singular	engages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors engage the teachers that the poet stimulates	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors greet the girls that the singer engages	plural	plural	singular	greets	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors greet the guys that the girl understands	plural	plural	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors greet the singers that the farmer remembers	plural	plural	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors inspire the farmers that the father engages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors inspire the kids that the poet encourages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors inspire the men that the girl criticizes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors know the athletes that the girl engages	plural	plural	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors know the men that the lawyer understands	plural	plural	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors observe the aunts that the boy approves	plural	plural	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors observe the teachers that the father understands	plural	plural	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors observe the women that the carpenter admires	plural	plural	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors remember the athletes that the poet greets	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors remember the boys that the mother encourages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors remember the fathers that the teacher knows	plural	plural	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors remember the kids that the guy knows	plural	plural	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors remember the singers that the boy engages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors stimulate the athletes that the woman understands	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors stimulate the aunts that the athlete discourages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors stimulate the carpenters that the mother confuses	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors stimulate the kids that the athlete understands	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors stimulate the poets that the victim confuses	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors stimulate the uncles that the girl encourages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors stimulate the women that the athlete admires	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the carpenters that the guy remembers	plural	plural	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the farmers that the lawyer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the friends that the victim greets	plural	plural	singular	understands	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the kids that the farmer admires	plural	plural	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers admire the doctors that the woman criticizes	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers admire the mothers that the kid greets	plural	plural	singular	admires	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers admire the mothers that the poet encourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers approve the boys that the kid criticizes	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers approve the men that the teacher inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers approve the women that the teacher inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers avoid the carpenters that the man knows	plural	plural	singular	avoids	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers avoid the friends that the man approves	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers confuse the doctors that the lawyer avoids	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers confuse the fathers that the carpenter admires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers confuse the girls that the carpenter criticizes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers confuse the guys that the boy approves	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers confuse the men that the boy understands	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers confuse the teachers that the father engages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers criticize the athletes that the victim approves	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers criticize the aunts that the friend greets	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers criticize the aunts that the poet observes	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers criticize the boys that the singer remembers	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers criticize the boys that the victim knows	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers criticize the lawyers that the victim encourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers criticize the men that the aunt encourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers discourage the aunts that the poet avoids	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers discourage the carpenters that the doctor stimulates	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers discourage the fathers that the kid knows	plural	plural	singular	discourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers discourage the men that the doctor knows	plural	plural	singular	discourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers encourage the fathers that the kid stimulates	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers engage the athletes that the guy understands	plural	plural	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers engage the friends that the guy criticizes	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers engage the friends that the kid greets	plural	plural	singular	engages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers engage the friends that the woman knows	plural	plural	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers engage the uncles that the kid confuses	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers greet the girls that the man criticizes	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers greet the girls that the uncle inspires	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers greet the teachers that the kid admires	plural	plural	singular	greets	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers inspire the friends that the lawyer avoids	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers inspire the teachers that the victim knows	plural	plural	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers inspire the victims that the carpenter admires	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers know the girls that the friend confuses	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers know the men that the woman inspires	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers observe the athletes that the carpenter remembers	plural	plural	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers observe the carpenters that the guy knows	plural	plural	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers observe the men that the girl discourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers remember the boys that the guy knows	plural	plural	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers remember the friends that the teacher observes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers remember the guys that the poet understands	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers remember the victims that the friend avoids	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers remember the victims that the poet stimulates	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers stimulate the kids that the doctor avoids	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers stimulate the poets that the lawyer confuses	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers understand the carpenters that the man confuses	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers understand the uncles that the mother admires	plural	plural	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers admire the doctors that the victim discourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers admire the friends that the kid confuses	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers admire the guys that the lawyer inspires	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers admire the victims that the kid discourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers approve the athletes that the doctor knows	plural	plural	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers approve the boys that the singer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers approve the guys that the doctor greets	plural	plural	singular	approves	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers approve the kids that the aunt avoids	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers approve the mothers that the man knows	plural	plural	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers approve the poets that the friend understands	plural	plural	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers avoid the girls that the uncle stimulates	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers confuse the athletes that the victim knows	plural	plural	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers confuse the aunts that the singer encourages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers confuse the kids that the teacher remembers	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers confuse the singers that the athlete understands	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers confuse the teachers that the carpenter greets	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers criticize the kids that the man stimulates	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers criticize the lawyers that the carpenter approves	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers discourage the athletes that the aunt stimulates	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers encourage the athletes that the doctor avoids	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers encourage the guys that the aunt understands	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers encourage the lawyers that the doctor greets	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers encourage the mothers that the kid avoids	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers encourage the women that the poet understands	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers engage the farmers that the man knows	plural	plural	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers engage the guys that the mother criticizes	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers engage the poets that the aunt criticizes	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers engage the teachers that the kid stimulates	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers greet the boys that the friend avoids	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers greet the lawyers that the carpenter confuses	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the farmers that the boy greets	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the guys that the mother knows	plural	plural	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the mothers that the boy approves	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the uncles that the lawyer engages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the women that the friend observes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers know the aunts that the lawyer approves	plural	plural	singular	knows	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers observe the aunts that the carpenter greets	plural	plural	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers observe the kids that the friend criticizes	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers observe the poets that the kid stimulates	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers observe the uncles that the man criticizes	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers remember the athletes that the carpenter engages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers remember the mothers that the aunt encourages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers remember the women that the singer stimulates	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers stimulate the aunts that the lawyer admires	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers stimulate the boys that the athlete understands	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers stimulate the girls that the lawyer engages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers stimulate the men that the mother avoids	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers stimulate the mothers that the friend engages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers stimulate the women that the doctor approves	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers understand the aunts that the victim confuses	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers understand the farmers that the boy remembers	plural	plural	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers understand the lawyers that the mother approves	plural	plural	singular	understands	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers understand the women that the lawyer knows	plural	plural	singular	understands	know
objdep_objrel_that	The friends admire the farmers that the carpenter criticizes	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The friends admire the farmers that the poet approves	plural	plural	singular	admires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The friends admire the guys that the woman understands	plural	plural	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The friends admire the singers that the poet discourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends admire the uncles that the girl knows	plural	plural	singular	admires	know
objdep_objrel_that	The friends admire the victims that the boy greets	plural	plural	singular	admires	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the carpenters that the woman confuses	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friends avoid the girls that the kid greets	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The friends avoid the teachers that the poet knows	plural	plural	singular	avoids	know
objdep_objrel_that	The friends confuse the kids that the mother knows	plural	plural	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that	The friends confuse the women that the mother criticizes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The friends criticize the athletes that the doctor greets	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The friends criticize the doctors that the woman inspires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The friends criticize the farmers that the doctor admires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The friends criticize the fathers that the victim admires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The friends criticize the girls that the athlete observes	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The friends criticize the men that the singer observes	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The friends discourage the carpenters that the lawyer understands	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The friends discourage the mothers that the carpenter remembers	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The friends encourage the kids that the teacher greets	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The friends encourage the men that the athlete inspires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The friends encourage the men that the boy approves	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The friends greet the athletes that the man encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends greet the girls that the carpenter confuses	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friends greet the guys that the athlete encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends greet the men that the athlete discourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends greet the mothers that the woman understands	plural	plural	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The friends greet the uncles that the lawyer confuses	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friends inspire the athletes that the victim stimulates	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The friends inspire the girls that the carpenter encourages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends inspire the girls that the father confuses	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friends inspire the kids that the doctor stimulates	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The friends inspire the men that the carpenter admires	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The friends inspire the poets that the athlete encourages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends know the lawyers that the aunt discourages	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends know the men that the boy criticizes	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The friends know the uncles that the woman criticizes	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The friends observe the athletes that the doctor encourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends observe the boys that the teacher knows	plural	plural	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The friends observe the fathers that the guy discourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends observe the lawyers that the victim stimulates	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The friends observe the mothers that the woman knows	plural	plural	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The friends observe the uncles that the boy knows	plural	plural	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The friends observe the uncles that the lawyer approves	plural	plural	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The friends observe the women that the lawyer stimulates	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the athletes that the woman observes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the carpenters that the doctor admires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the mothers that the woman avoids	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the uncles that the kid admires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the victims that the uncle engages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the victims that the woman engages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends stimulate the lawyers that the kid understands	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The friends stimulate the singers that the doctor remembers	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The friends stimulate the singers that the woman approves	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The friends understand the doctors that the farmer avoids	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The friends understand the girls that the boy encourages	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends understand the guys that the victim confuses	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friends understand the lawyers that the teacher admires	plural	plural	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the athletes that the teacher criticizes	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the teachers that the woman encourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls approve the carpenters that the victim discourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls approve the guys that the father engages	plural	plural	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls approve the mothers that the aunt confuses	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the carpenters that the friend avoids	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the doctors that the carpenter understands	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the fathers that the kid observes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the guys that the uncle engages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the kids that the doctor remembers	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the teachers that the woman engages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the victims that the singer observes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the boys that the doctor inspires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the guys that the doctor inspires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the poets that the man avoids	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the poets that the teacher discourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls discourage the doctors that the mother confuses	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The girls discourage the fathers that the singer understands	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The girls encourage the aunts that the mother discourages	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls encourage the boys that the poet greets	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The girls encourage the kids that the lawyer understands	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The girls encourage the mothers that the doctor inspires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The girls engage the friends that the guy inspires	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The girls engage the guys that the carpenter discourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls engage the guys that the kid confuses	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The girls engage the kids that the mother avoids	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The girls engage the singers that the father admires	plural	plural	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girls engage the uncles that the boy observes	plural	plural	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The girls engage the uncles that the woman knows	plural	plural	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The girls greet the boys that the uncle admires	plural	plural	singular	greets	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girls greet the farmers that the carpenter criticizes	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The girls greet the mothers that the friend stimulates	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The girls greet the poets that the guy admires	plural	plural	singular	greets	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girls greet the teachers that the kid understands	plural	plural	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The girls greet the women that the boy encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls inspire the carpenters that the athlete discourages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls inspire the farmers that the guy engages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls inspire the men that the farmer avoids	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The girls inspire the men that the uncle discourages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls inspire the uncles that the aunt stimulates	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The girls inspire the uncles that the boy encourages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls know the doctors that the aunt admires	plural	plural	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girls know the singers that the doctor stimulates	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The girls observe the carpenters that the friend confuses	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The girls observe the singers that the victim approves	plural	plural	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The girls remember the guys that the singer approves	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The girls stimulate the aunts that the carpenter knows	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that	The girls stimulate the aunts that the woman remembers	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The girls stimulate the kids that the boy approves	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The girls understand the aunts that the poet engages	plural	plural	singular	understands	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls understand the boys that the father knows	plural	plural	singular	understands	know
objdep_objrel_that	The girls understand the men that the farmer greets	plural	plural	singular	understands	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The guys admire the mothers that the farmer inspires	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys admire the teachers that the girl encourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys admire the uncles that the friend understands	plural	plural	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The guys approve the poets that the singer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The guys avoid the athletes that the doctor engages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys avoid the farmers that the doctor remembers	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guys avoid the mothers that the kid approves	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The guys confuse the athletes that the lawyer admires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys confuse the farmers that the mother inspires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys confuse the uncles that the girl admires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys criticize the mothers that the victim avoids	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The guys discourage the fathers that the girl avoids	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The guys discourage the fathers that the poet knows	plural	plural	singular	discourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The guys discourage the singers that the girl inspires	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys encourage the aunts that the doctor avoids	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The guys encourage the aunts that the doctor stimulates	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The guys encourage the friends that the farmer avoids	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The guys encourage the girls that the athlete remembers	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guys encourage the uncles that the friend criticizes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The guys engage the singers that the boy discourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys engage the women that the man stimulates	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The guys greet the aunts that the man encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys greet the friends that the singer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The guys greet the lawyers that the mother avoids	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The guys greet the teachers that the singer discourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys inspire the athletes that the aunt stimulates	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The guys inspire the doctors that the boy observes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The guys inspire the fathers that the aunt understands	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The guys inspire the men that the father approves	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The guys inspire the mothers that the teacher discourages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys inspire the poets that the farmer engages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys know the boys that the aunt stimulates	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The guys know the carpenters that the boy avoids	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The guys know the lawyers that the man approves	plural	plural	singular	knows	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The guys know the lawyers that the victim greets	plural	plural	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The guys know the mothers that the father confuses	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guys know the singers that the girl discourages	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys observe the lawyers that the man understands	plural	plural	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The guys observe the men that the farmer greets	plural	plural	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The guys observe the women that the friend greets	plural	plural	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The guys remember the fathers that the singer knows	plural	plural	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that	The guys remember the girls that the lawyer confuses	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the boys that the poet greets	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the fathers that the girl observes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the poets that the doctor avoids	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the uncles that the woman admires	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys understand the athletes that the farmer remembers	plural	plural	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guys understand the fathers that the man engages	plural	plural	singular	understands	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids admire the aunts that the singer confuses	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The kids admire the boys that the friend discourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids approve the lawyers that the uncle understands	plural	plural	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The kids approve the uncles that the friend engages	plural	plural	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids confuse the boys that the guy discourages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids confuse the friends that the lawyer observes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kids confuse the victims that the carpenter approves	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The kids criticize the boys that the woman avoids	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kids criticize the farmers that the aunt avoids	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kids criticize the poets that the carpenter admires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The kids criticize the uncles that the teacher greets	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The kids discourage the boys that the man encourages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids discourage the doctors that the guy knows	plural	plural	singular	discourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The kids discourage the girls that the woman approves	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The kids discourage the poets that the singer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the doctors that the girl avoids	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the girls that the doctor engages	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the lawyers that the victim engages	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the mothers that the guy approves	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the teachers that the lawyer engages	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids greet the aunts that the doctor observes	plural	plural	singular	greets	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kids greet the aunts that the mother understands	plural	plural	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The kids greet the victims that the guy inspires	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kids inspire the aunts that the teacher encourages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids inspire the carpenters that the athlete admires	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The kids inspire the men that the farmer avoids	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kids inspire the singers that the boy remembers	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The kids know the athletes that the boy admires	plural	plural	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The kids know the farmers that the woman admires	plural	plural	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The kids know the fathers that the poet remembers	plural	plural	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The kids know the guys that the friend understands	plural	plural	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The kids know the guys that the teacher encourages	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids observe the doctors that the lawyer understands	plural	plural	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The kids remember the carpenters that the aunt admires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The kids remember the farmers that the teacher discourages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids remember the girls that the athlete greets	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The kids remember the girls that the woman greets	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The kids remember the teachers that the singer observes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kids remember the uncles that the poet avoids	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kids stimulate the men that the aunt encourages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids stimulate the men that the carpenter understands	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The kids stimulate the mothers that the uncle observes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kids stimulate the teachers that the girl observes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kids understand the friends that the lawyer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The kids understand the men that the girl avoids	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kids understand the women that the girl confuses	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers admire the farmers that the woman confuses	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers admire the friends that the athlete greets	plural	plural	singular	admires	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers admire the men that the doctor understands	plural	plural	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers admire the mothers that the woman discourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers admire the teachers that the farmer confuses	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers admire the uncles that the teacher observes	plural	plural	singular	admires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers approve the poets that the girl admires	plural	plural	singular	approves	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the athletes that the poet inspires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the aunts that the farmer observes	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the doctors that the aunt inspires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the guys that the victim inspires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the kids that the friend greets	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers confuse the aunts that the guy observes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers criticize the boys that the carpenter stimulates	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers criticize the friends that the girl inspires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers criticize the mothers that the carpenter knows	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers criticize the mothers that the farmer remembers	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers criticize the victims that the father knows	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers discourage the farmers that the poet observes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers discourage the farmers that the uncle criticizes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers discourage the guys that the father remembers	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers discourage the teachers that the friend remembers	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers discourage the victims that the doctor engages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers discourage the victims that the doctor observes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the doctors that the carpenter observes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the farmers that the girl knows	plural	plural	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the guys that the woman criticizes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the men that the woman remembers	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the victims that the kid criticizes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers engage the men that the teacher stimulates	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the carpenters that the guy knows	plural	plural	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the girls that the woman remembers	plural	plural	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the men that the victim encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the mothers that the woman criticizes	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the women that the man encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the carpenters that the teacher greets	plural	plural	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the doctors that the uncle understands	plural	plural	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the farmers that the uncle admires	plural	plural	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the poets that the singer remembers	plural	plural	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the friends that the teacher discourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the guys that the boy stimulates	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the poets that the friend admires	plural	plural	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the poets that the victim admires	plural	plural	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the fathers that the guy encourages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers stimulate the men that the aunt observes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers stimulate the victims that the woman encourages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers understand the doctors that the teacher approves	plural	plural	singular	understands	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The men admire the carpenters that the aunt discourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The men admire the doctors that the singer greets	plural	plural	singular	admires	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The men admire the mothers that the boy knows	plural	plural	singular	admires	know
objdep_objrel_that	The men admire the women that the friend stimulates	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the athletes that the lawyer understands	plural	plural	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the fathers that the uncle engages	plural	plural	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the victims that the teacher discourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The men avoid the athletes that the girl encourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The men avoid the athletes that the kid approves	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The men avoid the athletes that the victim greets	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The men avoid the mothers that the singer approves	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The men avoid the poets that the doctor knows	plural	plural	singular	avoids	know
objdep_objrel_that	The men avoid the poets that the friend observes	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The men avoid the poets that the kid discourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The men confuse the carpenters that the kid greets	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The men confuse the singers that the doctor knows	plural	plural	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that	The men criticize the athletes that the teacher admires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The men criticize the fathers that the victim discourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The men criticize the kids that the farmer approves	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The men criticize the lawyers that the athlete remembers	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The men criticize the mothers that the poet engages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The men discourage the lawyers that the friend approves	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The men discourage the teachers that the poet remembers	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The men discourage the victims that the teacher confuses	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The men encourage the fathers that the athlete stimulates	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The men engage the farmers that the aunt discourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The men engage the girls that the lawyer admires	plural	plural	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The men engage the kids that the boy avoids	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The men inspire the carpenters that the boy avoids	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The men inspire the doctors that the friend avoids	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The men know the kids that the singer admires	plural	plural	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the fathers that the mother criticizes	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the friends that the farmer knows	plural	plural	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the friends that the mother approves	plural	plural	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the victims that the aunt inspires	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The men remember the friends that the carpenter criticizes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The men remember the lawyers that the guy engages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The men remember the lawyers that the victim inspires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The men remember the mothers that the lawyer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The men understand the aunts that the girl remembers	plural	plural	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The men understand the doctors that the friend confuses	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The men understand the doctors that the mother observes	plural	plural	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The men understand the guys that the boy criticizes	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The men understand the lawyers that the girl avoids	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The men understand the lawyers that the girl knows	plural	plural	singular	understands	know
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers admire the carpenters that the man remembers	plural	plural	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers admire the uncles that the father remembers	plural	plural	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers approve the athletes that the uncle observes	plural	plural	singular	approves	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers approve the boys that the poet criticizes	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers approve the friends that the teacher inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers avoid the kids that the farmer engages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers avoid the poets that the athlete knows	plural	plural	singular	avoids	know
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers confuse the aunts that the friend discourages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers confuse the fathers that the victim remembers	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the athletes that the father greets	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the boys that the lawyer encourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the doctors that the lawyer understands	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the fathers that the woman greets	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the men that the doctor encourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the singers that the woman confuses	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the boys that the poet approves	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the friends that the singer greets	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the girls that the kid discourages	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the guys that the singer knows	plural	plural	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the kids that the man greets	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers engage the athletes that the friend inspires	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers engage the farmers that the father discourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers engage the lawyers that the farmer discourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers engage the teachers that the father inspires	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers engage the uncles that the aunt knows	plural	plural	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers greet the boys that the uncle avoids	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers greet the carpenters that the aunt remembers	plural	plural	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers greet the men that the uncle avoids	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers inspire the carpenters that the girl observes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers inspire the fathers that the poet criticizes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers inspire the women that the father confuses	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers inspire the women that the guy engages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers know the doctors that the carpenter remembers	plural	plural	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers know the girls that the singer discourages	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers know the guys that the girl admires	plural	plural	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers know the men that the lawyer greets	plural	plural	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers know the teachers that the farmer stimulates	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers observe the carpenters that the poet admires	plural	plural	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers observe the girls that the guy engages	plural	plural	singular	observes	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers remember the kids that the victim engages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers remember the lawyers that the kid confuses	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers stimulate the carpenters that the farmer remembers	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers stimulate the fathers that the doctor encourages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers stimulate the fathers that the teacher knows	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers understand the lawyers that the doctor admires	plural	plural	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The poets admire the boys that the friend engages	plural	plural	singular	admires	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets admire the girls that the boy approves	plural	plural	singular	admires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poets admire the teachers that the carpenter confuses	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The poets approve the guys that the teacher greets	plural	plural	singular	approves	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The poets approve the lawyers that the kid encourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets approve the women that the lawyer understands	plural	plural	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The poets avoid the boys that the girl approves	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poets avoid the fathers that the man engages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets avoid the singers that the victim approves	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poets avoid the women that the aunt knows	plural	plural	singular	avoids	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the mothers that the father observes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the singers that the athlete knows	plural	plural	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poets criticize the carpenters that the woman inspires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The poets criticize the guys that the father encourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets criticize the guys that the girl observes	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The poets criticize the kids that the victim observes	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The poets criticize the singers that the uncle understands	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The poets criticize the uncles that the farmer engages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets criticize the victims that the farmer engages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets discourage the boys that the mother stimulates	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poets discourage the fathers that the mother criticizes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The poets discourage the mothers that the teacher encourages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets discourage the uncles that the lawyer remembers	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The poets encourage the athletes that the friend stimulates	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poets encourage the boys that the guy observes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The poets encourage the friends that the farmer stimulates	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poets encourage the kids that the woman criticizes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The poets encourage the victims that the girl remembers	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The poets engage the athletes that the man knows	plural	plural	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poets engage the boys that the father confuses	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The poets engage the carpenters that the man observes	plural	plural	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The poets engage the singers that the man knows	plural	plural	singular	engages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poets greet the friends that the singer engages	plural	plural	singular	greets	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets greet the teachers that the father engages	plural	plural	singular	greets	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets inspire the aunts that the boy confuses	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The poets inspire the aunts that the teacher stimulates	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poets know the guys that the uncle avoids	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The poets observe the fathers that the teacher avoids	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The poets observe the lawyers that the mother knows	plural	plural	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poets observe the men that the aunt approves	plural	plural	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poets observe the men that the woman admires	plural	plural	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The poets observe the singers that the woman understands	plural	plural	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The poets observe the uncles that the aunt approves	plural	plural	singular	observes	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poets observe the women that the farmer stimulates	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poets remember the boys that the aunt stimulates	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poets remember the doctors that the mother engages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets remember the farmers that the man greets	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The poets remember the women that the victim approves	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poets stimulate the aunts that the woman knows	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poets stimulate the doctors that the athlete avoids	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The poets stimulate the lawyers that the uncle inspires	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The poets stimulate the mothers that the carpenter knows	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the girls that the woman confuses	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the lawyers that the father engages	plural	plural	singular	understands	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the teachers that the guy greets	plural	plural	singular	understands	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the women that the victim admires	plural	plural	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The singers admire the kids that the farmer approves	plural	plural	singular	admires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The singers admire the victims that the boy stimulates	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The singers approve the carpenters that the father inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The singers avoid the boys that the teacher remembers	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The singers avoid the girls that the boy greets	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The singers avoid the lawyers that the guy greets	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The singers avoid the uncles that the boy stimulates	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The singers confuse the kids that the poet engages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the poets that the lawyer discourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the uncles that the farmer knows	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The singers encourage the friends that the man understands	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The singers encourage the guys that the man knows	plural	plural	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The singers encourage the mothers that the poet understands	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The singers engage the fathers that the poet understands	plural	plural	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The singers engage the friends that the woman avoids	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The singers engage the kids that the farmer inspires	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The singers engage the poets that the girl encourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers engage the poets that the man greets	plural	plural	singular	engages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The singers greet the guys that the teacher encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers greet the poets that the man approves	plural	plural	singular	greets	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The singers greet the uncles that the doctor observes	plural	plural	singular	greets	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The singers greet the women that the victim avoids	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The singers inspire the doctors that the man discourages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers inspire the teachers that the aunt criticizes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The singers know the athletes that the father encourages	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers know the farmers that the lawyer engages	plural	plural	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers know the men that the lawyer remembers	plural	plural	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The singers know the women that the guy engages	plural	plural	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers know the women that the lawyer inspires	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The singers observe the carpenters that the boy stimulates	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The singers observe the mothers that the kid stimulates	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The singers remember the kids that the man admires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The singers remember the lawyers that the poet observes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The singers stimulate the girls that the teacher remembers	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The singers stimulate the men that the guy inspires	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The singers stimulate the teachers that the father inspires	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The singers understand the doctors that the friend confuses	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The singers understand the lawyers that the man criticizes	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The singers understand the men that the boy knows	plural	plural	singular	understands	know
objdep_objrel_that	The singers understand the teachers that the woman observes	plural	plural	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers admire the boys that the farmer inspires	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers admire the fathers that the mother approves	plural	plural	singular	admires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers admire the friends that the carpenter inspires	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers admire the guys that the lawyer observes	plural	plural	singular	admires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers admire the kids that the singer inspires	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers admire the mothers that the poet criticizes	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers admire the mothers that the singer approves	plural	plural	singular	admires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers approve the guys that the kid knows	plural	plural	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the farmers that the father admires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the girls that the woman confuses	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the singers that the poet approves	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the victims that the doctor discourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers confuse the fathers that the lawyer encourages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers confuse the guys that the victim engages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers criticize the singers that the carpenter greets	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers discourage the farmers that the woman observes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers discourage the fathers that the lawyer admires	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers discourage the guys that the poet understands	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers discourage the kids that the athlete knows	plural	plural	singular	discourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers discourage the men that the boy encourages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers encourage the guys that the lawyer approves	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers encourage the men that the athlete greets	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers engage the athletes that the boy criticizes	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers engage the doctors that the athlete remembers	plural	plural	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers engage the kids that the lawyer inspires	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers engage the lawyers that the aunt observes	plural	plural	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers engage the victims that the kid admires	plural	plural	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the doctors that the guy confuses	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the farmers that the father discourages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the friends that the lawyer stimulates	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the guys that the kid confuses	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the men that the friend understands	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers know the men that the uncle greets	plural	plural	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers observe the kids that the boy engages	plural	plural	singular	observes	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers observe the lawyers that the victim inspires	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers observe the men that the singer stimulates	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers observe the women that the mother discourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers remember the carpenters that the aunt knows	plural	plural	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers remember the doctors that the boy encourages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers remember the fathers that the friend confuses	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers remember the guys that the farmer discourages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers remember the victims that the girl understands	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers remember the women that the father approves	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers remember the women that the guy admires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers stimulate the friends that the singer engages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers stimulate the kids that the girl observes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles admire the athletes that the girl approves	plural	plural	singular	admires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles admire the aunts that the teacher stimulates	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles admire the girls that the carpenter engages	plural	plural	singular	admires	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles admire the kids that the athlete inspires	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the athletes that the lawyer engages	plural	plural	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the doctors that the poet greets	plural	plural	singular	approves	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the guys that the boy inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the kids that the man avoids	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the lawyers that the man knows	plural	plural	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the teachers that the girl inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the women that the teacher greets	plural	plural	singular	approves	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles avoid the singers that the guy observes	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles confuse the boys that the athlete criticizes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles confuse the doctors that the kid stimulates	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles confuse the girls that the singer stimulates	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles confuse the lawyers that the poet criticizes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles confuse the singers that the father admires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles confuse the singers that the friend understands	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles criticize the boys that the man confuses	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles criticize the girls that the victim knows	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles criticize the poets that the friend remembers	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles discourage the athletes that the kid stimulates	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles discourage the boys that the farmer inspires	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles discourage the singers that the mother understands	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles encourage the athletes that the guy observes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles encourage the doctors that the farmer inspires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles encourage the friends that the teacher remembers	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles encourage the girls that the carpenter stimulates	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles encourage the girls that the friend remembers	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles encourage the men that the mother understands	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles engage the carpenters that the doctor greets	plural	plural	singular	engages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles engage the victims that the carpenter encourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles engage the victims that the singer understands	plural	plural	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles greet the friends that the girl remembers	plural	plural	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles greet the women that the poet confuses	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles know the aunts that the athlete understands	plural	plural	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles know the carpenters that the teacher observes	plural	plural	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles know the doctors that the father remembers	plural	plural	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles observe the friends that the aunt stimulates	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles observe the teachers that the doctor encourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles remember the boys that the poet understands	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles remember the boys that the singer approves	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles remember the farmers that the kid confuses	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles remember the friends that the kid inspires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles remember the girls that the boy inspires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles remember the men that the father engages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles stimulate the athletes that the doctor avoids	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles stimulate the boys that the lawyer encourages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles stimulate the farmers that the teacher encourages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles stimulate the guys that the mother encourages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles stimulate the lawyers that the friend remembers	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles stimulate the singers that the athlete engages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles understand the boys that the kid criticizes	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles understand the carpenters that the friend encourages	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles understand the farmers that the victim observes	plural	plural	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles understand the lawyers that the mother remembers	plural	plural	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles understand the mothers that the singer engages	plural	plural	singular	understands	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles understand the singers that the mother criticizes	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The victims admire the boys that the kid discourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victims admire the teachers that the boy understands	plural	plural	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The victims approve the athletes that the boy knows	plural	plural	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that	The victims approve the carpenters that the aunt discourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victims approve the girls that the singer engages	plural	plural	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The victims approve the mothers that the poet observes	plural	plural	singular	approves	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The victims avoid the farmers that the girl inspires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The victims avoid the friends that the guy stimulates	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The victims avoid the kids that the farmer admires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The victims avoid the women that the girl greets	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The victims discourage the women that the man engages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The victims encourage the doctors that the lawyer confuses	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The victims encourage the girls that the farmer avoids	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The victims encourage the girls that the woman understands	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The victims encourage the women that the kid approves	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The victims engage the fathers that the girl inspires	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The victims engage the mothers that the teacher understands	plural	plural	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The victims greet the athletes that the kid stimulates	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The victims greet the carpenters that the teacher encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victims greet the friends that the singer stimulates	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The victims inspire the boys that the man understands	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The victims inspire the fathers that the lawyer approves	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The victims inspire the mothers that the farmer stimulates	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The victims know the boys that the lawyer understands	plural	plural	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The victims know the fathers that the teacher observes	plural	plural	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The victims observe the aunts that the poet discourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victims observe the uncles that the man admires	plural	plural	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The victims observe the women that the girl remembers	plural	plural	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The victims remember the friends that the doctor observes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The victims remember the girls that the kid criticizes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The victims remember the guys that the aunt greets	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The victims remember the kids that the boy knows	plural	plural	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that	The victims remember the men that the father knows	plural	plural	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that	The victims remember the uncles that the carpenter approves	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The victims remember the women that the boy encourages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victims stimulate the farmers that the man inspires	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The victims stimulate the friends that the woman criticizes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The victims understand the lawyers that the girl avoids	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The victims understand the mothers that the man inspires	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The victims understand the women that the teacher stimulates	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The women admire the farmers that the guy greets	plural	plural	singular	admires	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The women admire the kids that the boy knows	plural	plural	singular	admires	know
objdep_objrel_that	The women approve the aunts that the teacher encourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The women approve the boys that the carpenter knows	plural	plural	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that	The women approve the boys that the mother admires	plural	plural	singular	approves	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The women approve the men that the guy observes	plural	plural	singular	approves	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The women avoid the teachers that the father understands	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The women avoid the uncles that the doctor knows	plural	plural	singular	avoids	know
objdep_objrel_that	The women confuse the aunts that the boy encourages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The women confuse the farmers that the athlete knows	plural	plural	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that	The women confuse the friends that the teacher greets	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The women confuse the kids that the man admires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The women confuse the lawyers that the aunt criticizes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The women confuse the men that the farmer remembers	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The women criticize the athletes that the girl encourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The women criticize the aunts that the lawyer discourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The women criticize the uncles that the aunt engages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The women criticize the victims that the poet confuses	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The women discourage the carpenters that the guy admires	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The women discourage the fathers that the guy knows	plural	plural	singular	discourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The women discourage the friends that the father encourages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The women discourage the guys that the aunt approves	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The women discourage the lawyers that the teacher understands	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The women discourage the poets that the teacher stimulates	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The women encourage the carpenters that the athlete criticizes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The women encourage the fathers that the singer greets	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The women encourage the lawyers that the teacher approves	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The women engage the lawyers that the uncle understands	plural	plural	singular	engages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The women greet the carpenters that the victim encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The women inspire the boys that the athlete understands	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The women inspire the boys that the singer greets	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The women inspire the uncles that the athlete approves	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The women know the friends that the boy criticizes	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The women know the girls that the mother confuses	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The women know the lawyers that the uncle discourages	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The women know the victims that the lawyer observes	plural	plural	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the boys that the doctor avoids	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the doctors that the athlete stimulates	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the fathers that the victim inspires	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the girls that the singer avoids	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the uncles that the father criticizes	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The women remember the aunts that the poet observes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The women remember the boys that the lawyer observes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The women remember the farmers that the uncle inspires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The women remember the fathers that the carpenter encourages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The women remember the fathers that the man admires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The women remember the guys that the friend criticizes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The women remember the lawyers that the uncle understands	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The women remember the teachers that the farmer avoids	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The women stimulate the lawyers that the poet observes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The women stimulate the mothers that the guy inspires	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The women stimulate the victims that the uncle remembers	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes admire the friends that the fathers know	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes admire the singers that the mothers encourage	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes admire the victims that the lawyers remember	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes admire the women that the mothers avoid	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes approve the kids that the farmers avoid	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes approve the uncles that the poets know	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes approve the women that the girls engage	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes avoid the aunts that the kids remember	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes avoid the farmers that the guys admire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes avoid the girls that the fathers understand	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes confuse the farmers that the doctors stimulate	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes confuse the friends that the boys stimulate	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes confuse the victims that the friends understand	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes criticize the girls that the lawyers understand	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes criticize the lawyers that the poets encourage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes criticize the mothers that the friends understand	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes criticize the uncles that the poets approve	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the friends that the kids confuse	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the singers that the friends observe	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes encourage the carpenters that the lawyers criticize	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes encourage the men that the farmers criticize	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes encourage the poets that the lawyers admire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the doctors that the uncles discourage	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the fathers that the mothers observe	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the fathers that the teachers greet	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the guys that the teachers criticize	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the mothers that the men know	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the mothers that the teachers inspire	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the poets that the victims confuse	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes greet the boys that the carpenters encourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes greet the boys that the singers admire	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes greet the doctors that the farmers inspire	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes greet the doctors that the lawyers discourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes greet the mothers that the aunts know	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes greet the poets that the uncles observe	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes greet the teachers that the uncles encourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the aunts that the girls confuse	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the aunts that the men inspire	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the doctors that the carpenters understand	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the doctors that the kids criticize	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the fathers that the mothers encourage	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the poets that the victims stimulate	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes observe the farmers that the carpenters approve	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes observe the kids that the poets stimulate	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes observe the lawyers that the boys engage	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes observe the teachers that the boys stimulate	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes remember the mothers that the girls discourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes stimulate the carpenters that the uncles discourage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes stimulate the friends that the mothers criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes understand the lawyers that the kids know	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the guys that the lawyers criticize	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the kids that the men understand	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the mothers that the fathers inspire	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the uncles that the kids inspire	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts approve the athletes that the fathers understand	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts approve the friends that the lawyers remember	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts approve the guys that the farmers criticize	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts approve the kids that the teachers avoid	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts avoid the farmers that the boys encourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts avoid the fathers that the carpenters observe	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts avoid the lawyers that the friends discourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts avoid the singers that the boys observe	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the fathers that the boys avoid	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the lawyers that the girls discourage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the lawyers that the girls understand	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the teachers that the mothers greet	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the teachers that the poets know	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the women that the poets stimulate	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts criticize the athletes that the farmers observe	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts criticize the athletes that the singers admire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts criticize the poets that the doctors greet	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts criticize the teachers that the carpenters approve	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts discourage the doctors that the victims inspire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts discourage the fathers that the uncles greet	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts discourage the poets that the doctors admire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts discourage the victims that the guys encourage	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts encourage the farmers that the victims criticize	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts engage the athletes that the girls observe	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts engage the poets that the girls observe	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts engage the poets that the mothers observe	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts greet the athletes that the lawyers criticize	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts greet the friends that the women remember	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts greet the singers that the men criticize	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts greet the teachers that the fathers inspire	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the boys that the uncles greet	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the farmers that the doctors discourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the farmers that the women understand	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the fathers that the kids engage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the fathers that the men encourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the athletes that the mothers greet	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the farmers that the victims remember	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the fathers that the singers criticize	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the mothers that the boys avoid	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the mothers that the uncles inspire	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the victims that the poets approve	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts observe the boys that the friends inspire	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts observe the carpenters that the lawyers admire	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts observe the friends that the athletes understand	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts observe the kids that the fathers criticize	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts observe the kids that the mothers remember	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts remember the lawyers that the uncles encourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts remember the men that the uncles understand	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts stimulate the doctors that the teachers avoid	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts understand the kids that the lawyers encourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts understand the kids that the poets discourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts understand the lawyers that the fathers avoid	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts understand the teachers that the singers confuse	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The boys admire the victims that the doctors know	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The boys approve the doctors that the aunts remember	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The boys avoid the carpenters that the singers admire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The boys avoid the farmers that the poets encourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys avoid the fathers that the men observe	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys avoid the fathers that the victims criticize	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys confuse the friends that the men stimulate	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The boys confuse the lawyers that the men admire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The boys confuse the lawyers that the men criticize	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys confuse the singers that the friends encourage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys confuse the singers that the victims inspire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The boys confuse the teachers that the women observe	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys confuse the women that the lawyers know	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The boys criticize the girls that the kids encourage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys criticize the kids that the carpenters discourage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys criticize the mothers that the women inspire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The boys discourage the aunts that the athletes inspire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The boys encourage the carpenters that the friends inspire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The boys encourage the guys that the poets inspire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The boys encourage the kids that the lawyers know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The boys encourage the singers that the fathers criticize	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys engage the fathers that the kids greet	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The boys engage the fathers that the singers approve	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The boys engage the kids that the women greet	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The boys engage the singers that the aunts remember	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The boys inspire the carpenters that the fathers criticize	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys inspire the mothers that the carpenters understand	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The boys know the poets that the doctors stimulate	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The boys know the singers that the kids admire	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The boys observe the girls that the athletes understand	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The boys observe the poets that the singers greet	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The boys remember the farmers that the athletes criticize	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys remember the kids that the guys understand	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The boys remember the men that the carpenters engage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys remember the victims that the friends engage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys remember the women that the uncles discourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys stimulate the athletes that the doctors discourage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys stimulate the guys that the doctors criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys understand the carpenters that the uncles avoid	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The boys understand the teachers that the mothers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters admire the farmers that the mothers understand	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters admire the girls that the men criticize	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters admire the poets that the athletes understand	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters admire the poets that the victims encourage	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters admire the singers that the kids criticize	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters approve the boys that the victims stimulate	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters approve the farmers that the athletes remember	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters approve the girls that the fathers observe	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters approve the uncles that the friends engage	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters avoid the athletes that the victims engage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters avoid the victims that the teachers observe	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters confuse the boys that the victims stimulate	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters confuse the doctors that the victims avoid	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters confuse the fathers that the mothers avoid	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters confuse the girls that the farmers observe	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters confuse the men that the aunts approve	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters confuse the mothers that the uncles greet	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters confuse the poets that the boys engage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters criticize the fathers that the women engage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters criticize the friends that the singers greet	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters criticize the kids that the guys encourage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters criticize the men that the farmers observe	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters criticize the poets that the friends admire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters discourage the friends that the doctors know	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters discourage the lawyers that the men approve	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters discourage the lawyers that the teachers engage	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters discourage the men that the boys observe	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters encourage the uncles that the mothers discourage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters encourage the uncles that the poets inspire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters engage the athletes that the girls admire	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters engage the doctors that the girls observe	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters engage the fathers that the boys remember	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters engage the victims that the friends greet	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters greet the athletes that the girls approve	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters greet the doctors that the kids approve	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters greet the lawyers that the men confuse	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters greet the mothers that the uncles criticize	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters greet the mothers that the victims engage	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters greet the teachers that the kids observe	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters greet the women that the aunts criticize	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters inspire the fathers that the singers know	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters inspire the uncles that the kids observe	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters inspire the victims that the girls understand	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters know the aunts that the girls admire	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters know the farmers that the doctors confuse	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters know the men that the aunts approve	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters know the victims that the mothers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters observe the doctors that the mothers remember	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters observe the farmers that the women discourage	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters observe the victims that the fathers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters observe the women that the boys engage	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters remember the guys that the aunts approve	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters remember the victims that the aunts inspire	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters stimulate the aunts that the poets remember	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters stimulate the boys that the aunts greet	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters stimulate the girls that the kids encourage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters stimulate the guys that the kids criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters understand the farmers that the kids discourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters understand the girls that the athletes discourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters understand the uncles that the athletes remember	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters understand the uncles that the kids observe	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters understand the women that the kids stimulate	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors admire the kids that the victims engage	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors admire the lawyers that the athletes greet	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors admire the poets that the singers avoid	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors admire the singers that the girls observe	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors approve the carpenters that the girls greet	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors approve the kids that the guys discourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors approve the men that the lawyers remember	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors approve the men that the poets confuse	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors approve the victims that the farmers greet	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the aunts that the farmers remember	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the carpenters that the lawyers discourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the carpenters that the poets observe	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the lawyers that the girls inspire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors confuse the poets that the fathers discourage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors confuse the singers that the poets approve	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors confuse the women that the boys remember	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors criticize the athletes that the uncles confuse	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors criticize the aunts that the guys inspire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors criticize the boys that the uncles observe	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors criticize the men that the friends admire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors criticize the mothers that the guys discourage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors discourage the aunts that the uncles observe	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors discourage the farmers that the men confuse	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors discourage the guys that the teachers admire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the boys that the lawyers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the kids that the women observe	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the lawyers that the kids know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the singers that the athletes remember	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the singers that the aunts discourage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors engage the carpenters that the women approve	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors engage the lawyers that the women greet	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors engage the men that the uncles know	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors greet the farmers that the men admire	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors greet the girls that the singers avoid	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors greet the guys that the athletes discourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors greet the uncles that the aunts confuse	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors inspire the aunts that the teachers admire	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors inspire the boys that the singers remember	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors know the athletes that the teachers greet	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors know the men that the carpenters avoid	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors know the poets that the victims approve	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors know the singers that the fathers criticize	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors know the teachers that the singers avoid	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors know the women that the guys criticize	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors remember the aunts that the farmers avoid	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors remember the boys that the guys engage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors stimulate the girls that the boys approve	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors stimulate the men that the teachers inspire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors stimulate the poets that the uncles approve	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the aunts that the girls confuse	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the carpenters that the friends admire	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the farmers that the teachers know	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the poets that the fathers know	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the poets that the teachers admire	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the women that the guys greet	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers admire the girls that the women avoid	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers approve the guys that the poets understand	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers approve the teachers that the victims criticize	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers avoid the athletes that the mothers remember	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers confuse the carpenters that the victims greet	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers confuse the doctors that the uncles inspire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers confuse the guys that the mothers approve	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers confuse the mothers that the women criticize	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers criticize the athletes that the uncles stimulate	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers criticize the friends that the teachers remember	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers criticize the lawyers that the men know	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers criticize the mothers that the athletes know	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers discourage the boys that the fathers inspire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers discourage the guys that the doctors admire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers encourage the fathers that the mothers admire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers encourage the singers that the mothers know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers encourage the uncles that the mothers discourage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers encourage the victims that the boys approve	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers encourage the victims that the carpenters remember	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers engage the poets that the aunts approve	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers engage the women that the doctors understand	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers greet the athletes that the fathers understand	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers greet the carpenters that the mothers encourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers greet the fathers that the women remember	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers greet the guys that the kids stimulate	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers greet the kids that the poets inspire	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers greet the women that the teachers discourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers inspire the fathers that the singers admire	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers inspire the mothers that the teachers discourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers know the victims that the guys observe	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers observe the athletes that the women greet	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers observe the girls that the teachers understand	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers observe the guys that the teachers greet	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers remember the carpenters that the kids avoid	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers remember the men that the girls observe	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers remember the poets that the teachers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers remember the singers that the poets engage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers stimulate the boys that the guys approve	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers stimulate the mothers that the women admire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers stimulate the women that the singers encourage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers understand the athletes that the carpenters remember	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers understand the doctors that the friends approve	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers understand the girls that the fathers remember	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers understand the guys that the teachers inspire	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers understand the uncles that the fathers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers understand the uncles that the lawyers greet	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers admire the lawyers that the kids criticize	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers admire the poets that the kids criticize	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers admire the teachers that the uncles engage	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers admire the women that the aunts know	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers admire the women that the kids remember	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers approve the friends that the victims stimulate	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers approve the teachers that the mothers remember	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers avoid the carpenters that the doctors greet	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers avoid the lawyers that the poets greet	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers avoid the poets that the doctors know	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers avoid the women that the uncles confuse	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers confuse the women that the singers know	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers criticize the guys that the singers greet	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers criticize the men that the lawyers inspire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers criticize the singers that the athletes encourage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers encourage the carpenters that the poets discourage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers encourage the farmers that the uncles inspire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers encourage the men that the girls avoid	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers encourage the mothers that the carpenters discourage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers encourage the singers that the boys discourage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers encourage the uncles that the carpenters understand	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers encourage the uncles that the girls remember	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers encourage the uncles that the lawyers admire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers engage the athletes that the doctors criticize	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers engage the kids that the boys confuse	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers engage the teachers that the kids inspire	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers greet the kids that the aunts confuse	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers greet the kids that the aunts inspire	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers greet the kids that the boys avoid	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers greet the men that the teachers know	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers greet the mothers that the women criticize	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the farmers that the uncles know	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the lawyers that the victims criticize	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the victims that the mothers know	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers know the boys that the victims observe	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers observe the aunts that the doctors know	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers observe the farmers that the victims greet	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers observe the guys that the athletes confuse	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers observe the lawyers that the aunts confuse	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers observe the poets that the aunts understand	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers stimulate the poets that the men criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers stimulate the poets that the singers confuse	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers stimulate the women that the guys greet	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers understand the athletes that the uncles encourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers understand the carpenters that the uncles engage	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers understand the girls that the friends admire	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friends admire the aunts that the guys stimulate	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The friends admire the guys that the carpenters encourage	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the carpenters that the teachers encourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the carpenters that the uncles greet	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the fathers that the boys know	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the fathers that the doctors discourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the kids that the girls avoid	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the victims that the women encourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends avoid the aunts that the athletes admire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friends confuse the women that the athletes understand	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The friends criticize the mothers that the kids admire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friends discourage the athletes that the aunts avoid	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The friends discourage the athletes that the teachers admire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friends discourage the boys that the carpenters confuse	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The friends discourage the doctors that the farmers greet	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The friends discourage the guys that the singers encourage	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends engage the boys that the fathers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The friends engage the farmers that the girls discourage	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends engage the lawyers that the poets discourage	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends greet the aunts that the girls admire	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friends greet the aunts that the lawyers know	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The friends inspire the girls that the boys avoid	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The friends know the aunts that the poets confuse	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The friends know the boys that the aunts admire	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friends know the victims that the lawyers remember	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The friends observe the guys that the doctors confuse	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the boys that the doctors encourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the boys that the teachers discourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the kids that the lawyers engage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the uncles that the guys discourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends stimulate the boys that the girls know	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The friends stimulate the girls that the singers admire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friends stimulate the mothers that the victims inspire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The friends understand the men that the mothers criticize	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The friends understand the poets that the athletes engage	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the carpenters that the athletes avoid	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the carpenters that the guys avoid	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the farmers that the guys greet	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the lawyers that the women observe	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the poets that the athletes observe	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the uncles that the kids avoid	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the women that the men inspire	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The girls approve the boys that the friends admire	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The girls approve the carpenters that the doctors stimulate	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girls approve the lawyers that the kids know	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The girls approve the teachers that the doctors remember	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The girls avoid the athletes that the lawyers criticize	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The girls avoid the kids that the men inspire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The girls avoid the singers that the guys criticize	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the athletes that the women stimulate	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the aunts that the teachers discourage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the poets that the doctors engage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the uncles that the carpenters admire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the aunts that the fathers understand	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the aunts that the singers encourage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the lawyers that the uncles observe	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the singers that the guys observe	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the singers that the kids remember	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The girls discourage the fathers that the lawyers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girls encourage the aunts that the teachers know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The girls encourage the guys that the doctors greet	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The girls engage the aunts that the guys confuse	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The girls engage the boys that the poets stimulate	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girls engage the fathers that the mothers approve	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The girls greet the doctors that the guys confuse	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The girls greet the kids that the lawyers confuse	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The girls greet the lawyers that the carpenters discourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls greet the poets that the fathers inspire	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The girls greet the victims that the boys encourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls greet the women that the aunts discourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls inspire the men that the carpenters discourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls inspire the men that the lawyers discourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls know the aunts that the kids understand	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The girls know the friends that the boys remember	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The girls know the guys that the victims engage	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls know the kids that the mothers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girls observe the fathers that the guys greet	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The girls observe the men that the mothers discourage	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls observe the uncles that the aunts confuse	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The girls remember the carpenters that the doctors approve	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The girls remember the kids that the boys encourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls remember the lawyers that the kids avoid	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The girls remember the singers that the kids discourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls remember the uncles that the victims understand	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The girls remember the women that the mothers understand	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The girls stimulate the fathers that the uncles observe	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The girls stimulate the guys that the lawyers encourage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls stimulate the poets that the doctors remember	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The girls stimulate the singers that the teachers greet	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The girls understand the athletes that the singers confuse	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The girls understand the lawyers that the boys stimulate	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girls understand the men that the friends know	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The girls understand the men that the mothers know	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The girls understand the mothers that the fathers discourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys admire the kids that the carpenters inspire	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys admire the singers that the mothers remember	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guys admire the uncles that the fathers criticize	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The guys admire the uncles that the men stimulate	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The guys admire the women that the men confuse	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The guys approve the carpenters that the women inspire	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys avoid the carpenters that the uncles approve	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The guys avoid the mothers that the lawyers greet	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guys confuse the athletes that the poets stimulate	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The guys confuse the aunts that the fathers avoid	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The guys confuse the boys that the uncles admire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys confuse the friends that the women greet	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guys confuse the girls that the singers greet	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guys confuse the kids that the lawyers remember	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guys criticize the athletes that the carpenters inspire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys criticize the men that the kids inspire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys criticize the victims that the fathers remember	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guys criticize the women that the men know	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The guys discourage the fathers that the poets admire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys discourage the girls that the farmers greet	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guys discourage the mothers that the men encourage	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys discourage the mothers that the victims engage	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys discourage the teachers that the carpenters inspire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys encourage the fathers that the farmers discourage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys encourage the girls that the singers confuse	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The guys encourage the mothers that the boys engage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys encourage the victims that the friends confuse	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The guys encourage the women that the boys admire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys engage the fathers that the women encourage	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys engage the mothers that the teachers admire	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys engage the teachers that the athletes know	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The guys engage the victims that the boys confuse	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The guys greet the athletes that the boys approve	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The guys inspire the farmers that the aunts discourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys inspire the men that the poets stimulate	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The guys know the athletes that the lawyers discourage	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys know the mothers that the teachers remember	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guys know the singers that the carpenters inspire	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys know the victims that the farmers understand	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The guys observe the fathers that the victims inspire	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys observe the victims that the farmers confuse	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The guys remember the boys that the poets avoid	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The guys remember the carpenters that the lawyers understand	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The guys remember the fathers that the athletes discourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys remember the singers that the kids stimulate	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The guys remember the women that the girls encourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the athletes that the kids observe	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the doctors that the uncles confuse	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the farmers that the kids approve	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the girls that the victims observe	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the lawyers that the girls discourage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the teachers that the singers understand	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The guys understand the friends that the athletes remember	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guys understand the friends that the farmers encourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids admire the girls that the carpenters discourage	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids approve the athletes that the doctors stimulate	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The kids approve the farmers that the fathers discourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids avoid the boys that the farmers inspire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The kids avoid the fathers that the athletes engage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids avoid the singers that the mothers engage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids confuse the guys that the mothers avoid	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kids confuse the lawyers that the fathers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The kids confuse the teachers that the aunts engage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids confuse the teachers that the singers discourage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids confuse the women that the boys avoid	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kids criticize the boys that the doctors know	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The kids criticize the boys that the friends greet	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The kids criticize the fathers that the men avoid	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kids criticize the men that the friends understand	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The kids criticize the singers that the victims know	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The kids criticize the uncles that the teachers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The kids criticize the women that the farmers remember	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The kids criticize the women that the guys know	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The kids criticize the women that the singers approve	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The kids discourage the doctors that the lawyers encourage	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids discourage the friends that the doctors remember	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The kids discourage the lawyers that the girls understand	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the farmers that the uncles approve	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the mothers that the aunts inspire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the victims that the teachers confuse	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the women that the lawyers criticize	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The kids engage the teachers that the aunts observe	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The kids greet the boys that the doctors confuse	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kids greet the guys that the carpenters remember	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The kids greet the women that the fathers encourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids inspire the fathers that the athletes confuse	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kids inspire the fathers that the singers encourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids inspire the friends that the fathers criticize	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The kids inspire the men that the mothers criticize	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The kids inspire the singers that the teachers criticize	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The kids know the guys that the aunts inspire	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The kids know the lawyers that the carpenters encourage	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids know the lawyers that the fathers encourage	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids know the victims that the doctors criticize	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The kids observe the aunts that the farmers greet	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The kids observe the friends that the farmers avoid	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kids remember the farmers that the teachers engage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids remember the friends that the athletes understand	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The kids remember the girls that the aunts observe	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The kids remember the uncles that the mothers inspire	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The kids stimulate the carpenters that the victims criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The kids stimulate the fathers that the friends avoid	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kids stimulate the girls that the men criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The kids stimulate the men that the boys avoid	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kids stimulate the singers that the fathers approve	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The kids stimulate the women that the men remember	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The kids understand the singers that the women discourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids understand the victims that the uncles greet	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The kids understand the victims that the women criticize	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The kids understand the women that the mothers discourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers admire the aunts that the women stimulate	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers admire the boys that the doctors confuse	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers admire the friends that the women inspire	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers approve the boys that the singers know	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers approve the carpenters that the men discourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers approve the doctors that the mothers remember	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the carpenters that the aunts confuse	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the kids that the fathers discourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the poets that the girls criticize	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers confuse the farmers that the mothers greet	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers confuse the girls that the doctors know	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers confuse the teachers that the fathers understand	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers confuse the victims that the men encourage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers criticize the men that the boys stimulate	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers criticize the uncles that the singers admire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers discourage the fathers that the carpenters know	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the boys that the athletes engage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the doctors that the singers discourage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the fathers that the kids greet	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the friends that the victims know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the kids that the poets engage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the poets that the singers understand	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers engage the athletes that the men inspire	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers engage the boys that the carpenters discourage	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers engage the carpenters that the fathers discourage	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers engage the poets that the friends approve	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers engage the teachers that the guys admire	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers engage the women that the friends observe	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the doctors that the athletes engage	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the fathers that the uncles encourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the guys that the athletes confuse	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the men that the mothers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the poets that the uncles engage	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the singers that the carpenters understand	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the singers that the uncles understand	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers inspire the doctors that the aunts encourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers inspire the farmers that the singers discourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers inspire the fathers that the men observe	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers inspire the men that the fathers understand	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers inspire the victims that the carpenters avoid	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers inspire the women that the guys confuse	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the athletes that the kids confuse	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the friends that the women observe	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the guys that the fathers observe	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the aunts that the athletes criticize	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the aunts that the friends remember	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the friends that the guys understand	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the friends that the kids approve	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the friends that the singers discourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the mothers that the poets know	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the uncles that the teachers encourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the victims that the doctors discourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the women that the aunts approve	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the women that the men confuse	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers stimulate the girls that the athletes discourage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers stimulate the singers that the teachers admire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers stimulate the teachers that the friends discourage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers understand the carpenters that the mothers encourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers understand the uncles that the teachers greet	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The men admire the boys that the poets approve	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The men admire the boys that the teachers greet	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The men admire the carpenters that the kids stimulate	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The men admire the singers that the poets avoid	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The men admire the uncles that the carpenters confuse	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the boys that the girls remember	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the guys that the doctors encourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the uncles that the friends greet	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the uncles that the girls criticize	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The men avoid the farmers that the aunts encourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The men avoid the girls that the carpenters approve	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The men avoid the poets that the teachers admire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The men confuse the athletes that the boys discourage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The men confuse the aunts that the doctors engage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The men confuse the carpenters that the teachers admire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The men confuse the singers that the lawyers inspire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The men confuse the singers that the teachers admire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The men criticize the doctors that the friends inspire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The men criticize the friends that the mothers encourage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The men criticize the mothers that the women stimulate	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The men discourage the friends that the mothers admire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The men discourage the friends that the mothers remember	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The men discourage the girls that the athletes observe	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The men discourage the mothers that the poets greet	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The men encourage the athletes that the aunts remember	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The men encourage the boys that the carpenters approve	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The men encourage the mothers that the poets confuse	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The men encourage the mothers that the victims engage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The men encourage the poets that the boys stimulate	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The men engage the athletes that the poets approve	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The men engage the farmers that the girls greet	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The men engage the guys that the doctors approve	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The men engage the victims that the fathers observe	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The men greet the fathers that the mothers know	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The men greet the friends that the lawyers inspire	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The men greet the kids that the doctors understand	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The men greet the kids that the uncles inspire	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The men inspire the doctors that the aunts approve	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The men inspire the girls that the athletes remember	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The men inspire the women that the farmers avoid	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The men inspire the women that the farmers greet	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The men know the aunts that the teachers discourage	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the carpenters that the doctors inspire	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the doctors that the aunts know	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the doctors that the carpenters approve	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the farmers that the guys criticize	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the mothers that the singers confuse	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the poets that the girls remember	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the singers that the mothers engage	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The men remember the girls that the aunts encourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The men remember the singers that the girls approve	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The men remember the uncles that the women admire	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The men stimulate the victims that the poets admire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The men stimulate the women that the athletes approve	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The men understand the farmers that the friends criticize	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The men understand the farmers that the girls confuse	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The men understand the girls that the women remember	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers admire the aunts that the men avoid	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers admire the kids that the athletes understand	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers admire the kids that the lawyers criticize	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers approve the friends that the victims criticize	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers avoid the fathers that the teachers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers avoid the teachers that the guys observe	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers avoid the victims that the friends encourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers confuse the lawyers that the uncles understand	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers confuse the uncles that the fathers greet	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers confuse the women that the lawyers understand	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the aunts that the friends approve	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the farmers that the teachers avoid	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the teachers that the men confuse	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the victims that the doctors know	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers discourage the aunts that the teachers remember	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers discourage the poets that the girls understand	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the aunts that the athletes greet	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the farmers that the guys greet	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the guys that the aunts know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the singers that the poets observe	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the victims that the girls remember	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the women that the uncles discourage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers engage the guys that the fathers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers engage the lawyers that the athletes confuse	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers greet the girls that the poets encourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers greet the guys that the girls confuse	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers greet the victims that the girls admire	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers greet the women that the girls discourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers inspire the farmers that the doctors approve	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers inspire the fathers that the guys discourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers inspire the poets that the boys greet	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers inspire the women that the friends avoid	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers inspire the women that the kids remember	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers know the girls that the farmers approve	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers know the poets that the victims observe	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers observe the victims that the fathers greet	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers remember the girls that the farmers engage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers remember the kids that the women confuse	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers remember the victims that the singers know	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers stimulate the doctors that the farmers avoid	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers understand the carpenters that the uncles discourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers understand the fathers that the boys inspire	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers understand the fathers that the friends inspire	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The poets approve the mothers that the women greet	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The poets avoid the boys that the aunts confuse	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the carpenters that the athletes remember	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the carpenters that the singers observe	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the fathers that the women observe	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the girls that the singers encourage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the uncles that the fathers criticize	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The poets criticize the guys that the farmers remember	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The poets criticize the teachers that the athletes observe	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The poets discourage the farmers that the mothers approve	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The poets encourage the athletes that the fathers inspire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The poets encourage the aunts that the doctors avoid	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The poets encourage the doctors that the friends stimulate	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The poets encourage the farmers that the athletes criticize	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The poets engage the friends that the athletes know	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The poets engage the friends that the uncles avoid	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The poets engage the singers that the fathers criticize	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The poets engage the teachers that the women know	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The poets engage the victims that the boys remember	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The poets greet the athletes that the men remember	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The poets greet the carpenters that the friends engage	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The poets greet the doctors that the girls admire	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poets greet the singers that the farmers engage	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The poets inspire the guys that the aunts greet	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The poets know the farmers that the fathers avoid	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The poets know the fathers that the guys approve	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The poets know the girls that the men admire	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poets observe the carpenters that the athletes inspire	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The poets observe the guys that the farmers understand	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The poets remember the athletes that the girls approve	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The poets remember the mothers that the girls know	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The poets stimulate the boys that the carpenters know	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The poets stimulate the carpenters that the farmers remember	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The poets stimulate the fathers that the boys greet	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The poets stimulate the guys that the friends admire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poets stimulate the kids that the fathers remember	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The poets stimulate the lawyers that the uncles engage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The poets stimulate the men that the athletes engage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The poets stimulate the victims that the farmers criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the fathers that the lawyers criticize	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the girls that the guys stimulate	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the mothers that the girls stimulate	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the singers that the farmers criticize	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the singers that the guys approve	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The singers admire the athletes that the victims know	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The singers admire the doctors that the friends know	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The singers admire the kids that the poets criticize	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The singers admire the men that the aunts approve	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The singers admire the men that the friends confuse	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The singers avoid the fathers that the uncles engage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The singers avoid the kids that the women approve	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The singers avoid the mothers that the aunts observe	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singers confuse the boys that the uncles know	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The singers confuse the lawyers that the friends observe	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singers confuse the uncles that the women greet	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the doctors that the boys encourage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the doctors that the teachers remember	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the uncles that the doctors greet	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the athletes that the doctors encourage	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the lawyers that the aunts remember	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the uncles that the kids admire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singers encourage the girls that the friends admire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singers encourage the poets that the carpenters observe	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singers engage the men that the teachers admire	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singers engage the victims that the mothers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singers greet the farmers that the carpenters approve	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The singers greet the friends that the aunts encourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singers greet the guys that the poets discourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singers greet the poets that the aunts stimulate	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singers inspire the athletes that the aunts understand	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The singers inspire the boys that the uncles stimulate	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singers inspire the farmers that the athletes remember	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The singers inspire the fathers that the men avoid	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The singers inspire the teachers that the boys encourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singers observe the fathers that the guys discourage	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singers observe the kids that the boys understand	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The singers observe the kids that the carpenters approve	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The singers observe the poets that the girls discourage	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singers observe the victims that the fathers admire	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singers remember the girls that the friends confuse	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The singers remember the girls that the guys observe	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singers remember the poets that the kids confuse	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The singers remember the women that the aunts admire	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singers stimulate the farmers that the girls criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The singers stimulate the victims that the doctors admire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singers understand the athletes that the uncles criticize	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The singers understand the doctors that the guys stimulate	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singers understand the fathers that the teachers avoid	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The singers understand the victims that the women encourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers admire the athletes that the victims criticize	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers admire the aunts that the athletes know	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers admire the fathers that the boys engage	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers admire the kids that the guys remember	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers admire the singers that the women discourage	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers admire the uncles that the farmers observe	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers approve the guys that the kids remember	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers approve the singers that the men understand	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers approve the women that the farmers observe	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the farmers that the fathers engage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the kids that the girls criticize	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the women that the guys know	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers confuse the girls that the friends encourage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers criticize the athletes that the carpenters discourage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers criticize the carpenters that the girls avoid	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers criticize the mothers that the carpenters confuse	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers criticize the singers that the victims admire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers discourage the aunts that the athletes engage	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers discourage the friends that the lawyers greet	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers discourage the men that the carpenters understand	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers encourage the boys that the poets avoid	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers encourage the kids that the carpenters discourage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers encourage the men that the poets remember	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers encourage the singers that the athletes greet	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers engage the boys that the kids greet	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers engage the doctors that the friends encourage	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers engage the farmers that the doctors remember	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers engage the farmers that the lawyers admire	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers engage the lawyers that the guys know	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers engage the mothers that the athletes stimulate	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers engage the poets that the fathers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers engage the uncles that the boys know	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers greet the athletes that the carpenters stimulate	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers greet the boys that the singers understand	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers greet the lawyers that the guys criticize	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the boys that the lawyers discourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the carpenters that the uncles admire	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the guys that the lawyers observe	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the lawyers that the women criticize	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the uncles that the men criticize	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the uncles that the men encourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the uncles that the mothers confuse	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers know the aunts that the men understand	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers know the girls that the guys inspire	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers observe the doctors that the carpenters know	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers observe the doctors that the victims stimulate	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers observe the fathers that the girls engage	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers observe the guys that the victims greet	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers observe the lawyers that the uncles remember	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers remember the lawyers that the mothers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers stimulate the boys that the mothers criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers stimulate the carpenters that the men admire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers understand the fathers that the poets inspire	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers understand the guys that the carpenters encourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers understand the victims that the lawyers greet	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles admire the aunts that the mothers understand	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles admire the boys that the fathers remember	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles admire the farmers that the athletes stimulate	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles admire the poets that the victims greet	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles admire the teachers that the singers approve	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the fathers that the victims avoid	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the kids that the friends stimulate	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles confuse the boys that the athletes avoid	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles confuse the farmers that the girls avoid	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles confuse the guys that the teachers approve	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles confuse the poets that the carpenters remember	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles criticize the athletes that the poets remember	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles criticize the friends that the teachers avoid	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles criticize the kids that the athletes understand	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles criticize the poets that the aunts confuse	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles criticize the teachers that the fathers engage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles discourage the aunts that the fathers inspire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles encourage the men that the friends criticize	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles encourage the poets that the doctors understand	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles encourage the victims that the poets avoid	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles engage the girls that the women know	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles engage the singers that the fathers confuse	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles greet the farmers that the poets encourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles greet the women that the victims stimulate	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles inspire the fathers that the singers approve	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles inspire the girls that the athletes remember	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles inspire the lawyers that the mothers remember	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles inspire the poets that the boys discourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles know the boys that the singers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles know the doctors that the singers observe	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles know the fathers that the carpenters confuse	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles know the girls that the carpenters approve	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles know the lawyers that the fathers criticize	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles know the mothers that the kids approve	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles know the singers that the victims criticize	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles observe the friends that the men engage	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles observe the guys that the girls confuse	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles remember the aunts that the carpenters understand	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles remember the boys that the aunts approve	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles remember the lawyers that the poets stimulate	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles remember the poets that the friends stimulate	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles remember the singers that the fathers understand	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles stimulate the friends that the girls inspire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles stimulate the singers that the lawyers inspire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles stimulate the victims that the guys know	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles stimulate the victims that the mothers criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles understand the doctors that the singers discourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles understand the fathers that the singers discourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles understand the singers that the farmers admire	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles understand the teachers that the doctors engage	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims admire the fathers that the carpenters discourage	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims admire the teachers that the athletes remember	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The victims approve the men that the boys confuse	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The victims approve the women that the girls greet	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The victims avoid the athletes that the women approve	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The victims avoid the carpenters that the uncles criticize	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The victims avoid the guys that the uncles remember	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The victims avoid the women that the kids remember	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The victims confuse the carpenters that the kids admire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The victims confuse the lawyers that the friends understand	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The victims confuse the teachers that the friends engage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims criticize the lawyers that the mothers approve	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The victims criticize the singers that the guys avoid	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The victims criticize the singers that the kids understand	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The victims criticize the singers that the men stimulate	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victims criticize the uncles that the mothers greet	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The victims discourage the doctors that the boys approve	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The victims discourage the girls that the singers admire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The victims discourage the guys that the uncles admire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The victims encourage the carpenters that the women admire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The victims encourage the teachers that the carpenters criticize	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The victims engage the doctors that the lawyers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victims engage the poets that the athletes greet	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The victims greet the mothers that the uncles approve	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The victims greet the mothers that the women confuse	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The victims inspire the men that the doctors confuse	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The victims inspire the men that the women encourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims know the farmers that the uncles understand	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The victims know the girls that the lawyers inspire	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The victims know the kids that the mothers engage	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims know the lawyers that the friends criticize	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The victims know the teachers that the poets engage	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims observe the farmers that the kids admire	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The victims observe the mothers that the uncles understand	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The victims stimulate the boys that the athletes engage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims stimulate the carpenters that the mothers understand	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The victims stimulate the mothers that the poets avoid	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The victims stimulate the uncles that the women admire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The victims understand the mothers that the aunts admire	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The victims understand the poets that the athletes avoid	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The women admire the friends that the girls stimulate	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The women admire the girls that the friends avoid	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The women admire the lawyers that the girls discourage	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The women approve the girls that the lawyers know	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The women approve the victims that the friends discourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The women avoid the athletes that the carpenters greet	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The women avoid the guys that the poets stimulate	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The women confuse the uncles that the poets approve	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The women criticize the athletes that the girls stimulate	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The women criticize the boys that the men admire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The women criticize the carpenters that the aunts stimulate	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The women criticize the girls that the fathers engage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The women criticize the men that the singers confuse	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The women encourage the athletes that the poets confuse	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The women encourage the aunts that the victims discourage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The women encourage the doctors that the uncles engage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The women encourage the poets that the guys engage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The women encourage the teachers that the girls observe	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The women engage the fathers that the boys admire	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The women engage the men that the friends know	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The women engage the uncles that the girls criticize	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The women greet the doctors that the uncles criticize	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The women greet the fathers that the doctors remember	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The women greet the fathers that the kids confuse	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The women greet the girls that the men engage	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The women greet the mothers that the teachers inspire	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The women greet the uncles that the lawyers understand	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The women inspire the athletes that the lawyers remember	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The women inspire the kids that the teachers avoid	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The women know the athletes that the victims stimulate	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The women know the carpenters that the lawyers avoid	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The women know the doctors that the mothers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The women know the friends that the teachers criticize	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the fathers that the athletes avoid	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the kids that the fathers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the lawyers that the boys confuse	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the poets that the girls understand	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the poets that the men remember	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The women remember the farmers that the doctors encourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The women remember the victims that the lawyers encourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The women stimulate the friends that the fathers criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The women stimulate the girls that the boys inspire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The women stimulate the teachers that the victims remember	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The women understand the aunts that the uncles discourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The women understand the carpenters that the singers criticize	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The women understand the doctors that the men criticize	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The women understand the kids that the fathers avoid	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel	The athlete the aunt engages observes the victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel	The athlete the aunt greets engages the kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objrel	The athlete the aunt remembers approves the guy	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel	The athlete the carpenter admires observes the poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel	The athlete the carpenter encourages confuses the teacher	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
objrel	The athlete the carpenter remembers engages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objrel	The athlete the doctor approves avoids the mother	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objrel	The athlete the doctor knows confuses the poet	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objrel	The athlete the doctor understands approves the boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel	The athlete the doctor understands inspires the guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
objrel	The athlete the farmer confuses knows the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objrel	The athlete the farmer greets remembers the woman	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel	The athlete the farmer observes understands the teacher	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objrel	The athlete the father stimulates engages the mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objrel	The athlete the father understands encourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel	The athlete the friend discourages engages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel	The athlete the friend remembers confuses the girl	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objrel	The athlete the friend remembers criticizes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objrel	The athlete the friend remembers knows the poet	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objrel	The athlete the friend stimulates understands the farmer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objrel	The athlete the girl observes greets the poet	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objrel	The athlete the guy approves knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objrel	The athlete the guy inspires knows the friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objrel	The athlete the kid approves knows the aunt	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objrel	The athlete the kid criticizes stimulates the doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objrel	The athlete the kid greets knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel	The athlete the lawyer engages confuses the friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objrel	The athlete the lawyer stimulates engages the woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objrel	The athlete the man remembers admires the kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
objrel	The athlete the mother avoids inspires the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel	The athlete the mother encourages confuses the victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
objrel	The athlete the mother encourages criticizes the boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel	The athlete the mother encourages criticizes the girl	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel	The athlete the mother remembers knows the father	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objrel	The athlete the poet admires knows the aunt	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objrel	The athlete the poet encourages discourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel	The athlete the poet greets encourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel	The athlete the singer approves remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objrel	The athlete the singer discourages stimulates the farmer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel	The athlete the singer greets observes the victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objrel	The athlete the singer understands remembers the father	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objrel	The athlete the teacher avoids admires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel	The athlete the teacher greets avoids the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel	The athlete the uncle admires discourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel	The athlete the uncle admires discourages the victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel	The athlete the uncle avoids confuses the poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objrel	The athlete the victim encourages criticizes the poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel	The athlete the victim encourages stimulates the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel	The athlete the victim knows approves the farmer	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
objrel	The athlete the victim observes admires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objrel	The athlete the woman avoids discourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objrel	The athlete the woman criticizes discourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel	The athlete the woman encourages knows the singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel	The athlete the woman inspires understands the mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objrel	The aunt the athlete discourages knows the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objrel	The aunt the boy criticizes remembers the singer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objrel	The aunt the doctor avoids greets the uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objrel	The aunt the doctor avoids remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel	The aunt the doctor confuses understands the friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objrel	The aunt the doctor remembers greets the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
objrel	The aunt the doctor stimulates approves the athlete	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objrel	The aunt the farmer engages stimulates the mother	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objrel	The aunt the farmer observes inspires the victim	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objrel	The aunt the father remembers encourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel	The aunt the friend admires discourages the victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel	The aunt the friend approves discourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objrel	The aunt the friend approves greets the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objrel	The aunt the friend criticizes knows the victim	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objrel	The aunt the friend discourages encourages the woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objrel	The aunt the friend knows stimulates the doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel	The aunt the girl admires confuses the guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objrel	The aunt the guy approves understands the father	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objrel	The aunt the kid approves confuses the poet	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objrel	The aunt the kid observes criticizes the victim	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objrel	The aunt the lawyer inspires criticizes the girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objrel	The aunt the man admires avoids the mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objrel	The aunt the man approves admires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objrel	The aunt the man stimulates criticizes the girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objrel	The aunt the mother confuses avoids the guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objrel	The aunt the mother greets knows the teacher	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel	The aunt the mother understands encourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel	The aunt the mother understands stimulates the farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objrel	The aunt the poet confuses avoids the teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objrel	The aunt the poet confuses engages the kid	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objrel	The aunt the poet criticizes admires the man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objrel	The aunt the poet criticizes observes the father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
objrel	The aunt the poet greets remembers the father	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel	The aunt the singer admires greets the guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel	The aunt the singer stimulates knows the guy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objrel	The aunt the teacher admires observes the man	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel	The aunt the teacher engages confuses the woman	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objrel	The aunt the teacher greets admires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel	The aunt the teacher inspires remembers the boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel	The aunt the teacher remembers knows the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objrel	The aunt the uncle discourages observes the man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel	The aunt the uncle remembers engages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objrel	The aunt the woman confuses inspires the kid	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objrel	The aunt the woman encourages avoids the uncle	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objrel	The boy the athlete discourages observes the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel	The boy the athlete encourages stimulates the woman	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel	The boy the athlete inspires understands the aunt	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objrel	The boy the athlete remembers encourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel	The boy the athlete understands engages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel	The boy the aunt discourages stimulates the woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel	The boy the carpenter stimulates understands the kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objrel	The boy the doctor avoids understands the farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objrel	The boy the doctor criticizes engages the friend	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objrel	The boy the doctor understands criticizes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objrel	The boy the farmer knows confuses the victim	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objrel	The boy the father confuses engages the singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objrel	The boy the father criticizes inspires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objrel	The boy the father criticizes remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objrel	The boy the father remembers knows the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objrel	The boy the friend discourages observes the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel	The boy the girl approves stimulates the woman	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel	The boy the girl confuses engages the guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objrel	The boy the girl criticizes encourages the man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objrel	The boy the girl understands discourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objrel	The boy the guy confuses observes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objrel	The boy the guy criticizes encourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objrel	The boy the guy knows greets the man	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel	The boy the guy stimulates remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objrel	The boy the kid inspires stimulates the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objrel	The boy the kid understands encourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel	The boy the lawyer avoids engages the kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objrel	The boy the lawyer engages admires the friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objrel	The boy the lawyer knows greets the girl	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel	The boy the lawyer understands engages the father	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel	The boy the man encourages observes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel	The boy the man understands observes the mother	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objrel	The boy the mother understands stimulates the doctor	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objrel	The boy the poet approves inspires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objrel	The boy the poet knows greets the friend	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel	The boy the singer stimulates avoids the victim	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objrel	The boy the singer understands greets the girl	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel	The boy the uncle avoids remembers the kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel	The boy the uncle discourages approves the victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objrel	The boy the woman avoids engages the father	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objrel	The boy the woman engages remembers the kid	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objrel	The carpenter the athlete discourages approves the girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objrel	The carpenter the athlete observes knows the mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel	The carpenter the aunt criticizes inspires the girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objrel	The carpenter the aunt discourages avoids the poet	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel	The carpenter the aunt discourages inspires the kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objrel	The carpenter the aunt knows observes the poet	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel	The carpenter the aunt understands approves the athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel	The carpenter the boy understands observes the girl	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objrel	The carpenter the farmer criticizes approves the victim	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objrel	The carpenter the farmer inspires greets the aunt	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objrel	The carpenter the father confuses encourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objrel	The carpenter the father encourages avoids the victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objrel	The carpenter the father understands remembers the kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objrel	The carpenter the friend knows avoids the poet	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objrel	The carpenter the friend stimulates criticizes the mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objrel	The carpenter the girl admires knows the kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objrel	The carpenter the girl discourages knows the uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objrel	The carpenter the girl encourages knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel	The carpenter the girl stimulates inspires the mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objrel	The carpenter the guy confuses engages the father	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objrel	The carpenter the guy remembers understands the victim	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
objrel	The carpenter the kid confuses admires the woman	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objrel	The carpenter the kid criticizes engages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objrel	The carpenter the kid inspires engages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel	The carpenter the lawyer criticizes remembers the teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objrel	The carpenter the lawyer discourages stimulates the boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel	The carpenter the lawyer greets criticizes the poet	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objrel	The carpenter the lawyer knows confuses the woman	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objrel	The carpenter the lawyer stimulates knows the poet	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objrel	The carpenter the man discourages admires the singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel	The carpenter the man greets criticizes the mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objrel	The carpenter the mother approves greets the friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objrel	The carpenter the mother criticizes confuses the poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel	The carpenter the mother engages understands the woman	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objrel	The carpenter the poet observes inspires the teacher	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objrel	The carpenter the poet remembers knows the teacher	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objrel	The carpenter the singer knows confuses the guy	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objrel	The carpenter the singer knows greets the friend	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel	The carpenter the teacher avoids admires the singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel	The carpenter the teacher inspires criticizes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objrel	The carpenter the uncle criticizes stimulates the victim	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objrel	The carpenter the victim greets approves the farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objrel	The carpenter the victim observes admires the guy	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objrel	The carpenter the woman confuses observes the man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objrel	The carpenter the woman inspires remembers the doctor	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel	The carpenter the woman stimulates confuses the boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel	The doctor the aunt greets criticizes the kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objrel	The doctor the boy admires knows the guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objrel	The doctor the boy approves knows the girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objrel	The doctor the carpenter confuses discourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objrel	The doctor the carpenter greets confuses the guy	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objrel	The doctor the carpenter inspires avoids the girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objrel	The doctor the carpenter remembers understands the kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
objrel	The doctor the farmer engages understands the man	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objrel	The doctor the farmer inspires confuses the singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel	The doctor the farmer knows approves the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
objrel	The doctor the farmer observes criticizes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objrel	The doctor the father discourages encourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objrel	The doctor the father discourages encourages the man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objrel	The doctor the father understands admires the poet	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objrel	The doctor the friend admires confuses the girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objrel	The doctor the friend encourages stimulates the poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel	The doctor the friend inspires knows the mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objrel	The doctor the friend inspires understands the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objrel	The doctor the friend remembers approves the guy	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel	The doctor the guy greets admires the mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel	The doctor the guy observes greets the woman	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objrel	The doctor the guy remembers avoids the friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel	The doctor the guy remembers knows the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objrel	The doctor the kid criticizes avoids the father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objrel	The doctor the kid stimulates criticizes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objrel	The doctor the kid understands engages the man	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel	The doctor the lawyer stimulates encourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objrel	The doctor the mother admires greets the woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel	The doctor the mother admires stimulates the victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objrel	The doctor the mother inspires stimulates the kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objrel	The doctor the poet admires engages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
objrel	The doctor the poet approves confuses the man	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objrel	The doctor the poet avoids observes the man	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objrel	The doctor the poet criticizes greets the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel	The doctor the poet encourages greets the girl	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel	The doctor the singer discourages avoids the farmer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel	The doctor the singer understands engages the guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel	The doctor the teacher criticizes inspires the woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objrel	The doctor the teacher remembers discourages the father	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objrel	The doctor the uncle encourages greets the farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel	The doctor the victim avoids approves the woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objrel	The doctor the victim confuses avoids the mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objrel	The doctor the victim confuses understands the farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objrel	The doctor the woman admires avoids the friend	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objrel	The doctor the woman avoids approves the uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objrel	The doctor the woman avoids remembers the boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel	The doctor the woman confuses encourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objrel	The doctor the woman criticizes confuses the guy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel	The doctor the woman greets avoids the guy	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel	The farmer the athlete avoids remembers the victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel	The farmer the athlete confuses observes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objrel	The farmer the athlete knows avoids the man	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objrel	The farmer the boy confuses encourages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objrel	The farmer the boy confuses knows the athlete	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objrel	The farmer the boy criticizes engages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objrel	The farmer the carpenter discourages remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel	The farmer the carpenter engages observes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel	The farmer the doctor criticizes understands the mother	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel	The farmer the doctor discourages remembers the boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel	The farmer the doctor encourages confuses the man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
objrel	The farmer the father engages inspires the guy	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objrel	The farmer the friend encourages engages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objrel	The farmer the friend remembers avoids the woman	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel	The farmer the girl greets confuses the friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objrel	The farmer the girl knows inspires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objrel	The farmer the guy admires greets the girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel	The farmer the guy understands remembers the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objrel	The farmer the kid confuses greets the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objrel	The farmer the kid discourages encourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objrel	The farmer the kid knows observes the guy	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel	The farmer the kid understands avoids the singer	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objrel	The farmer the lawyer encourages admires the boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel	The farmer the lawyer stimulates approves the kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objrel	The farmer the man encourages criticizes the singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel	The farmer the man greets avoids the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel	The farmer the man remembers encourages the victim	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel	The farmer the mother discourages criticizes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objrel	The farmer the mother discourages remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel	The farmer the mother observes stimulates the doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objrel	The farmer the poet avoids inspires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel	The farmer the poet avoids remembers the aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel	The farmer the poet inspires engages the man	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel	The farmer the singer admires criticizes the mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objrel	The farmer the singer approves discourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objrel	The farmer the singer knows observes the girl	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel	The farmer the singer knows remembers the kid	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objrel	The farmer the singer understands inspires the woman	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
objrel	The farmer the teacher approves criticizes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
objrel	The farmer the teacher confuses inspires the guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objrel	The farmer the uncle encourages avoids the man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objrel	The farmer the victim approves criticizes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
objrel	The farmer the victim approves knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objrel	The farmer the victim avoids observes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objrel	The farmer the victim greets observes the girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objrel	The farmer the victim remembers observes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objrel	The farmer the woman admires confuses the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objrel	The farmer the woman admires greets the singer	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel	The farmer the woman avoids remembers the poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel	The farmer the woman inspires criticizes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objrel	The farmer the woman knows understands the boy	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objrel	The father the aunt avoids encourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel	The father the boy stimulates encourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objrel	The father the carpenter criticizes confuses the doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel	The father the carpenter criticizes engages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objrel	The father the carpenter discourages remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel	The father the carpenter greets knows the woman	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel	The father the carpenter stimulates confuses the farmer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel	The father the farmer confuses avoids the uncle	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objrel	The father the farmer encourages criticizes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel	The father the farmer inspires encourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objrel	The father the farmer remembers inspires the friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objrel	The father the friend confuses observes the guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objrel	The father the friend encourages approves the teacher	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objrel	The father the girl inspires observes the friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objrel	The father the guy criticizes remembers the teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objrel	The father the guy encourages knows the poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel	The father the kid approves inspires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objrel	The father the kid encourages observes the mother	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel	The father the kid knows remembers the guy	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objrel	The father the kid remembers admires the man	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
objrel	The father the lawyer criticizes admires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objrel	The father the lawyer engages avoids the girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objrel	The father the lawyer inspires remembers the mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel	The father the lawyer observes greets the aunt	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objrel	The father the man criticizes confuses the doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel	The father the man knows admires the mother	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objrel	The father the man understands encourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel	The father the mother admires discourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel	The father the mother criticizes inspires the poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objrel	The father the poet criticizes discourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel	The father the poet encourages observes the boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel	The father the singer encourages stimulates the victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel	The father the teacher criticizes engages the victim	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objrel	The father the uncle inspires criticizes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objrel	The father the uncle stimulates understands the teacher	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objrel	The father the uncle understands greets the poet	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel	The friend the athlete criticizes confuses the kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel	The friend the athlete discourages engages the man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel	The friend the athlete knows admires the girl	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objrel	The friend the athlete observes admires the woman	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objrel	The friend the aunt criticizes admires the boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objrel	The friend the aunt engages stimulates the kid	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objrel	The friend the aunt observes knows the athlete	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel	The friend the aunt remembers confuses the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objrel	The friend the boy avoids encourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel	The friend the boy observes avoids the girl	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objrel	The friend the boy remembers criticizes the girl	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objrel	The friend the doctor avoids inspires the victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel	The friend the doctor encourages admires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel	The friend the doctor greets remembers the victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel	The friend the doctor observes encourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objrel	The friend the doctor remembers approves the mother	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel	The friend the farmer approves inspires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objrel	The friend the farmer discourages observes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel	The friend the farmer observes admires the boy	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objrel	The friend the father approves encourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel	The friend the father confuses approves the farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objrel	The friend the father discourages understands the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objrel	The friend the father engages confuses the poet	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objrel	The friend the father knows remembers the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objrel	The friend the girl confuses engages the woman	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objrel	The friend the girl criticizes engages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objrel	The friend the girl greets observes the boy	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objrel	The friend the guy admires knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objrel	The friend the guy discourages criticizes the mother	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objrel	The friend the guy engages admires the father	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objrel	The friend the guy inspires understands the athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objrel	The friend the guy stimulates confuses the aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel	The friend the kid encourages discourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel	The friend the kid knows criticizes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objrel	The friend the lawyer confuses inspires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objrel	The friend the lawyer engages stimulates the victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objrel	The friend the lawyer knows discourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objrel	The friend the man stimulates remembers the father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objrel	The friend the mother encourages greets the poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel	The friend the mother engages criticizes the singer	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objrel	The friend the mother greets remembers the farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel	The friend the mother stimulates discourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objrel	The friend the singer approves stimulates the athlete	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel	The friend the singer confuses stimulates the teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel	The friend the teacher admires stimulates the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objrel	The friend the uncle approves knows the guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objrel	The friend the uncle encourages greets the doctor	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel	The friend the uncle encourages inspires the poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objrel	The friend the uncle greets stimulates the teacher	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objrel	The friend the uncle knows avoids the teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objrel	The friend the uncle observes admires the woman	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objrel	The friend the victim encourages criticizes the kid	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel	The friend the woman admires discourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel	The friend the woman criticizes engages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objrel	The friend the woman discourages admires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel	The friend the woman encourages knows the man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel	The girl the athlete stimulates discourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objrel	The girl the aunt criticizes admires the woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objrel	The girl the aunt encourages approves the singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objrel	The girl the aunt encourages approves the teacher	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objrel	The girl the aunt greets inspires the kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objrel	The girl the boy engages discourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel	The girl the boy understands engages the guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel	The girl the boy understands knows the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objrel	The girl the carpenter admires avoids the man	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objrel	The girl the carpenter avoids knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objrel	The girl the carpenter greets confuses the victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objrel	The girl the carpenter remembers knows the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objrel	The girl the doctor approves understands the athlete	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objrel	The girl the doctor criticizes confuses the poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel	The girl the farmer inspires avoids the woman	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objrel	The girl the farmer observes knows the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel	The girl the father avoids knows the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objrel	The girl the father knows greets the mother	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel	The girl the father observes criticizes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objrel	The girl the friend greets criticizes the man	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objrel	The girl the friend remembers approves the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel	The girl the friend understands admires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objrel	The girl the guy admires understands the victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objrel	The girl the guy approves engages the victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objrel	The girl the kid confuses avoids the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objrel	The girl the kid remembers criticizes the boy	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objrel	The girl the lawyer confuses discourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objrel	The girl the lawyer confuses remembers the father	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objrel	The girl the lawyer confuses stimulates the singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel	The girl the lawyer inspires encourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objrel	The girl the lawyer stimulates criticizes the father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objrel	The girl the man avoids engages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objrel	The girl the man confuses observes the singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objrel	The girl the man discourages remembers the victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel	The girl the man inspires remembers the guy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel	The girl the man knows engages the victim	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objrel	The girl the mother remembers approves the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel	The girl the poet engages admires the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objrel	The girl the poet engages greets the friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objrel	The girl the singer discourages greets the athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objrel	The girl the singer encourages knows the athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel	The girl the singer inspires observes the woman	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objrel	The girl the singer understands criticizes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objrel	The girl the teacher admires knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objrel	The girl the teacher greets understands the aunt	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
objrel	The girl the uncle stimulates confuses the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel	The girl the victim approves encourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel	The girl the victim criticizes encourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objrel	The girl the victim encourages discourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel	The girl the woman admires discourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel	The girl the woman avoids criticizes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objrel	The girl the woman discourages observes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel	The girl the woman engages understands the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objrel	The girl the woman greets knows the father	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel	The girl the woman observes discourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel	The girl the woman remembers greets the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
objrel	The guy the athlete greets inspires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objrel	The guy the athlete inspires understands the victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objrel	The guy the athlete observes engages the man	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objrel	The guy the aunt criticizes inspires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objrel	The guy the boy admires knows the victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objrel	The guy the boy discourages admires the father	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel	The guy the boy encourages discourages the woman	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel	The guy the carpenter criticizes stimulates the father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objrel	The guy the carpenter knows stimulates the woman	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel	The guy the carpenter understands knows the man	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objrel	The guy the doctor admires observes the victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel	The guy the doctor engages avoids the friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objrel	The guy the doctor knows remembers the athlete	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objrel	The guy the doctor understands admires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objrel	The guy the doctor understands avoids the poet	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objrel	The guy the farmer avoids stimulates the woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objrel	The guy the farmer confuses admires the father	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objrel	The guy the farmer confuses avoids the girl	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objrel	The guy the farmer confuses remembers the doctor	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objrel	The guy the farmer observes remembers the kid	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objrel	The guy the farmer understands encourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel	The guy the friend confuses stimulates the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel	The guy the friend greets remembers the doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel	The guy the girl avoids engages the friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objrel	The guy the girl encourages stimulates the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel	The guy the girl inspires remembers the athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel	The guy the girl observes admires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objrel	The guy the lawyer encourages inspires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objrel	The guy the lawyer knows understands the woman	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objrel	The guy the lawyer observes knows the doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel	The guy the lawyer remembers engages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objrel	The guy the man admires observes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel	The guy the man engages knows the kid	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objrel	The guy the mother engages avoids the athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objrel	The guy the mother greets avoids the friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel	The guy the mother inspires avoids the girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objrel	The guy the poet admires greets the singer	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel	The guy the singer admires greets the friend	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel	The guy the singer encourages avoids the athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objrel	The guy the teacher approves greets the girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objrel	The guy the teacher observes avoids the boy	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objrel	The guy the uncle engages confuses the athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objrel	The guy the uncle inspires observes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objrel	The guy the victim inspires remembers the mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel	The guy the victim observes stimulates the friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objrel	The guy the victim remembers stimulates the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel	The guy the victim understands stimulates the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objrel	The guy the woman approves greets the doctor	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objrel	The guy the woman engages discourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel	The guy the woman inspires understands the friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objrel	The kid the athlete engages approves the girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objrel	The kid the athlete knows observes the girl	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel	The kid the aunt stimulates knows the poet	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objrel	The kid the aunt understands approves the guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel	The kid the boy criticizes discourages the woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel	The kid the boy knows understands the doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objrel	The kid the boy stimulates greets the friend	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objrel	The kid the carpenter confuses criticizes the father	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel	The kid the carpenter knows discourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objrel	The kid the doctor inspires observes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objrel	The kid the father engages knows the athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objrel	The kid the father greets admires the poet	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel	The kid the father knows understands the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objrel	The kid the friend confuses engages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objrel	The kid the friend discourages observes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel	The kid the friend knows confuses the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objrel	The kid the friend observes understands the girl	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objrel	The kid the girl criticizes knows the woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objrel	The kid the girl knows inspires the victim	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objrel	The kid the girl observes confuses the man	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objrel	The kid the guy knows criticizes the victim	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objrel	The kid the man encourages confuses the farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
objrel	The kid the man knows inspires the mother	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objrel	The kid the mother confuses stimulates the uncle	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel	The kid the mother knows inspires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objrel	The kid the poet observes encourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objrel	The kid the singer observes criticizes the victim	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objrel	The kid the teacher avoids discourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objrel	The kid the teacher criticizes discourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel	The kid the teacher engages approves the victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objrel	The kid the teacher engages confuses the boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objrel	The kid the teacher stimulates avoids the athlete	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objrel	The kid the teacher stimulates confuses the man	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel	The kid the uncle admires remembers the teacher	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objrel	The kid the uncle discourages observes the woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel	The kid the uncle understands approves the athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel	The kid the victim discourages stimulates the aunt	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel	The kid the woman avoids encourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel	The kid the woman criticizes stimulates the boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objrel	The kid the woman encourages discourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel	The kid the woman inspires criticizes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objrel	The kid the woman remembers observes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objrel	The lawyer the athlete admires discourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel	The lawyer the athlete criticizes discourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel	The lawyer the athlete criticizes greets the boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel	The lawyer the athlete inspires engages the girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel	The lawyer the athlete remembers avoids the girl	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel	The lawyer the athlete stimulates admires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objrel	The lawyer the aunt greets avoids the mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel	The lawyer the boy knows observes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel	The lawyer the boy observes encourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objrel	The lawyer the boy stimulates avoids the victim	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objrel	The lawyer the carpenter confuses knows the woman	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objrel	The lawyer the carpenter criticizes knows the man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objrel	The lawyer the carpenter stimulates admires the friend	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objrel	The lawyer the doctor criticizes remembers the victim	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objrel	The lawyer the doctor inspires greets the singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objrel	The lawyer the doctor understands discourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objrel	The lawyer the farmer engages avoids the uncle	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objrel	The lawyer the farmer knows discourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objrel	The lawyer the father approves remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objrel	The lawyer the father knows discourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objrel	The lawyer the father knows inspires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objrel	The lawyer the friend remembers approves the kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel	The lawyer the girl admires confuses the aunt	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objrel	The lawyer the girl admires remembers the mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objrel	The lawyer the girl confuses admires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objrel	The lawyer the girl criticizes understands the mother	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel	The lawyer the girl encourages understands the doctor	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objrel	The lawyer the girl greets avoids the man	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel	The lawyer the girl observes engages the singer	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objrel	The lawyer the guy confuses observes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objrel	The lawyer the guy knows greets the friend	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel	The lawyer the kid criticizes inspires the father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objrel	The lawyer the kid engages remembers the doctor	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objrel	The lawyer the kid knows remembers the uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objrel	The lawyer the kid stimulates engages the singer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objrel	The lawyer the man encourages greets the friend	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel	The lawyer the man remembers admires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
objrel	The lawyer the man remembers understands the woman	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
objrel	The lawyer the mother greets stimulates the man	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objrel	The lawyer the mother knows admires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objrel	The lawyer the poet approves admires the boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objrel	The lawyer the poet encourages inspires the father	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objrel	The lawyer the poet stimulates admires the girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objrel	The lawyer the singer discourages admires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel	The lawyer the teacher inspires stimulates the victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objrel	The lawyer the teacher knows inspires the mother	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objrel	The lawyer the teacher knows observes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel	The lawyer the uncle confuses criticizes the singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the uncle knows discourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objrel	The lawyer the victim approves encourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel	The lawyer the woman avoids discourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objrel	The lawyer the woman engages observes the kid	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel	The man the athlete approves admires the teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objrel	The man the athlete observes engages the boy	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objrel	The man the athlete understands discourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objrel	The man the aunt criticizes stimulates the boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objrel	The man the aunt greets understands the woman	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
objrel	The man the aunt understands admires the friend	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objrel	The man the boy engages confuses the father	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objrel	The man the boy observes understands the kid	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objrel	The man the boy understands admires the woman	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objrel	The man the carpenter confuses criticizes the boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel	The man the carpenter engages admires the guy	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objrel	The man the carpenter observes approves the singer	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objrel	The man the carpenter observes encourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objrel	The man the doctor admires greets the athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel	The man the doctor approves inspires the father	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objrel	The man the doctor engages encourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objrel	The man the doctor observes understands the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objrel	The man the doctor stimulates avoids the father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objrel	The man the farmer encourages knows the athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel	The man the farmer greets engages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objrel	The man the farmer stimulates engages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objrel	The man the father observes understands the athlete	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objrel	The man the friend approves encourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel	The man the friend stimulates engages the kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objrel	The man the girl approves avoids the singer	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objrel	The man the girl approves criticizes the woman	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
objrel	The man the girl inspires admires the poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel	The man the guy engages inspires the victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objrel	The man the guy knows approves the victim	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
objrel	The man the guy remembers inspires the poet	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objrel	The man the kid avoids knows the athlete	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objrel	The man the kid inspires discourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objrel	The man the kid knows remembers the father	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objrel	The man the kid remembers inspires the boy	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objrel	The man the lawyer avoids confuses the aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objrel	The man the lawyer confuses understands the teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objrel	The man the lawyer discourages remembers the poet	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel	The man the lawyer encourages greets the friend	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel	The man the lawyer knows greets the boy	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel	The man the lawyer stimulates discourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objrel	The man the poet approves avoids the guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objrel	The man the poet avoids greets the uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objrel	The man the poet discourages greets the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objrel	The man the poet encourages admires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel	The man the poet greets observes the singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objrel	The man the poet inspires greets the girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objrel	The man the poet understands remembers the victim	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objrel	The man the singer stimulates understands the kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objrel	The man the teacher confuses criticizes the victim	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel	The man the teacher discourages avoids the friend	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel	The man the teacher greets admires the woman	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel	The man the teacher knows observes the father	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel	The man the uncle approves understands the boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objrel	The man the uncle observes avoids the girl	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objrel	The man the victim encourages criticizes the woman	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel	The man the victim knows discourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objrel	The man the woman approves greets the poet	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objrel	The man the woman inspires criticizes the boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objrel	The mother the athlete criticizes avoids the guy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objrel	The mother the athlete observes discourages the victim	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel	The mother the athlete remembers stimulates the teacher	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel	The mother the athlete understands avoids the aunt	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objrel	The mother the athlete understands discourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objrel	The mother the aunt avoids knows the doctor	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objrel	The mother the aunt greets approves the athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objrel	The mother the aunt greets encourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel	The mother the boy admires inspires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objrel	The mother the boy engages discourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel	The mother the carpenter discourages encourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objrel	The mother the carpenter engages approves the farmer	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objrel	The mother the carpenter greets inspires the girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objrel	The mother the carpenter greets remembers the guy	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel	The mother the doctor approves remembers the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objrel	The mother the doctor inspires engages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel	The mother the father criticizes greets the woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel	The mother the father inspires observes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objrel	The mother the friend encourages greets the farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel	The mother the girl discourages knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objrel	The mother the girl encourages observes the man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel	The mother the guy approves inspires the girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objrel	The mother the guy stimulates inspires the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objrel	The mother the guy understands greets the farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel	The mother the guy understands stimulates the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objrel	The mother the kid confuses admires the man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objrel	The mother the kid knows stimulates the teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel	The mother the kid understands stimulates the man	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objrel	The mother the lawyer criticizes approves the uncle	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objrel	The mother the lawyer criticizes confuses the farmer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel	The mother the lawyer remembers criticizes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objrel	The mother the man avoids greets the father	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objrel	The mother the man inspires admires the girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel	The mother the man understands observes the father	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objrel	The mother the poet engages observes the man	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel	The mother the poet knows remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objrel	The mother the poet observes confuses the boy	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objrel	The mother the singer admires encourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objrel	The mother the teacher avoids engages the guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objrel	The mother the uncle avoids admires the singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel	The mother the victim encourages criticizes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel	The mother the victim engages criticizes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objrel	The mother the victim observes confuses the man	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objrel	The mother the woman engages confuses the farmer	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objrel	The mother the woman engages understands the athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objrel	The mother the woman remembers discourages the victim	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objrel	The mother the woman stimulates confuses the friend	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel	The poet the athlete avoids stimulates the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objrel	The poet the athlete engages discourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel	The poet the aunt admires remembers the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objrel	The poet the aunt avoids understands the uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objrel	The poet the aunt discourages understands the kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objrel	The poet the boy admires observes the singer	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel	The poet the boy approves stimulates the friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel	The poet the boy observes inspires the guy	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objrel	The poet the boy remembers stimulates the aunt	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel	The poet the carpenter criticizes inspires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objrel	The poet the carpenter discourages criticizes the woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objrel	The poet the doctor knows discourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objrel	The poet the doctor knows inspires the singer	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objrel	The poet the doctor observes confuses the aunt	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objrel	The poet the doctor understands confuses the mother	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objrel	The poet the farmer admires stimulates the singer	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objrel	The poet the farmer inspires criticizes the kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objrel	The poet the father approves encourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel	The poet the father observes knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel	The poet the friend confuses engages the guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objrel	The poet the friend discourages understands the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objrel	The poet the friend encourages inspires the boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objrel	The poet the friend encourages observes the father	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel	The poet the friend engages criticizes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objrel	The poet the friend greets remembers the singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel	The poet the girl avoids inspires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel	The poet the girl greets inspires the kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objrel	The poet the girl understands criticizes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objrel	The poet the guy confuses criticizes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel	The poet the kid confuses discourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objrel	The poet the kid encourages inspires the friend	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objrel	The poet the kid observes criticizes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objrel	The poet the kid stimulates remembers the girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objrel	The poet the lawyer discourages observes the woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel	The poet the man discourages approves the mother	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objrel	The poet the man discourages confuses the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objrel	The poet the man greets stimulates the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objrel	The poet the mother approves knows the kid	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objrel	The poet the mother engages inspires the teacher	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objrel	The poet the mother understands admires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objrel	The poet the singer approves inspires the man	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objrel	The poet the teacher avoids knows the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objrel	The poet the teacher engages criticizes the woman	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objrel	The poet the teacher remembers stimulates the mother	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel	The poet the uncle admires confuses the athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objrel	The poet the uncle criticizes knows the girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objrel	The poet the uncle engages admires the friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objrel	The poet the victim discourages stimulates the athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel	The poet the victim observes remembers the mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objrel	The poet the woman criticizes remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objrel	The poet the woman engages criticizes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objrel	The singer the athlete criticizes stimulates the poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objrel	The singer the athlete discourages avoids the poet	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel	The singer the athlete discourages knows the man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objrel	The singer the athlete encourages knows the friend	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel	The singer the aunt avoids encourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel	The singer the aunt encourages discourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel	The singer the aunt observes remembers the uncle	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objrel	The singer the carpenter avoids admires the poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel	The singer the carpenter criticizes observes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
objrel	The singer the carpenter discourages criticizes the kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objrel	The singer the carpenter inspires approves the victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objrel	The singer the doctor admires observes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel	The singer the doctor engages remembers the uncle	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objrel	The singer the doctor greets avoids the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel	The singer the doctor knows understands the victim	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objrel	The singer the doctor stimulates avoids the man	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objrel	The singer the farmer admires discourages the man	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel	The singer the farmer greets encourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel	The singer the farmer remembers approves the poet	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel	The singer the father engages inspires the poet	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objrel	The singer the father stimulates confuses the mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel	The singer the friend encourages approves the poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objrel	The singer the friend observes understands the athlete	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objrel	The singer the friend stimulates encourages the man	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objrel	The singer the girl criticizes confuses the woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel	The singer the girl understands observes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objrel	The singer the guy stimulates greets the woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objrel	The singer the kid knows observes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel	The singer the kid stimulates approves the mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objrel	The singer the lawyer admires inspires the woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objrel	The singer the lawyer admires stimulates the woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objrel	The singer the lawyer inspires encourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objrel	The singer the lawyer stimulates greets the aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objrel	The singer the mother admires discourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel	The singer the poet criticizes confuses the girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel	The singer the poet remembers approves the father	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel	The singer the poet understands greets the aunt	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel	The singer the teacher avoids discourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objrel	The singer the teacher confuses engages the woman	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objrel	The singer the teacher encourages admires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel	The singer the teacher encourages inspires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objrel	The singer the teacher engages criticizes the poet	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objrel	The singer the teacher remembers stimulates the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel	The singer the victim criticizes discourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel	The singer the victim engages admires the boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objrel	The singer the victim greets engages the girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objrel	The singer the woman discourages avoids the girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel	The singer the woman encourages stimulates the girl	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel	The singer the woman knows approves the teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
objrel	The singer the woman stimulates admires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objrel	The teacher the athlete confuses remembers the father	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objrel	The teacher the athlete engages approves the kid	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objrel	The teacher the aunt observes understands the uncle	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objrel	The teacher the aunt stimulates confuses the kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel	The teacher the boy knows encourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objrel	The teacher the boy remembers observes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objrel	The teacher the carpenter confuses encourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objrel	The teacher the carpenter greets remembers the guy	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel	The teacher the doctor confuses greets the singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objrel	The teacher the doctor remembers stimulates the victim	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel	The teacher the farmer confuses criticizes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel	The teacher the father engages inspires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objrel	The teacher the father remembers admires the man	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
objrel	The teacher the friend approves observes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objrel	The teacher the friend avoids approves the uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objrel	The teacher the friend remembers engages the mother	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objrel	The teacher the girl confuses engages the mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objrel	The teacher the girl inspires confuses the friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel	The teacher the guy approves confuses the athlete	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objrel	The teacher the guy greets knows the poet	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel	The teacher the guy remembers admires the victim	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
objrel	The teacher the kid inspires criticizes the boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objrel	The teacher the kid understands engages the boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel	The teacher the lawyer admires discourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel	The teacher the lawyer knows observes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel	The teacher the lawyer observes admires the man	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objrel	The teacher the lawyer understands avoids the boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objrel	The teacher the man confuses stimulates the farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel	The teacher the man criticizes discourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel	The teacher the man encourages stimulates the athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel	The teacher the man engages observes the guy	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel	The teacher the man stimulates remembers the boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objrel	The teacher the mother discourages observes the poet	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel	The teacher the poet confuses approves the girl	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objrel	The teacher the poet criticizes engages the father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objrel	The teacher the poet discourages criticizes the friend	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objrel	The teacher the poet encourages avoids the guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objrel	The teacher the poet inspires remembers the singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel	The teacher the uncle discourages encourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objrel	The teacher the uncle inspires admires the girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel	The teacher the uncle inspires encourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objrel	The teacher the uncle observes avoids the athlete	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objrel	The teacher the woman avoids engages the singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objrel	The teacher the woman greets stimulates the mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objrel	The uncle the athlete stimulates observes the father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objrel	The uncle the athlete understands stimulates the boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objrel	The uncle the aunt knows engages the boy	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objrel	The uncle the aunt understands stimulates the singer	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objrel	The uncle the boy admires encourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objrel	The uncle the boy inspires admires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel	The uncle the carpenter criticizes admires the boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objrel	The uncle the carpenter remembers greets the mother	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
objrel	The uncle the carpenter understands criticizes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objrel	The uncle the doctor admires engages the father	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
objrel	The uncle the doctor confuses approves the guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objrel	The uncle the doctor confuses discourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objrel	The uncle the doctor observes discourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel	The uncle the farmer criticizes avoids the doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objrel	The uncle the farmer engages approves the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objrel	The uncle the father admires inspires the victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objrel	The uncle the friend confuses criticizes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel	The uncle the friend remembers avoids the farmer	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel	The uncle the girl avoids approves the guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objrel	The uncle the girl confuses discourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objrel	The uncle the girl encourages discourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel	The uncle the guy approves remembers the aunt	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objrel	The uncle the guy avoids confuses the athlete	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objrel	The uncle the guy avoids criticizes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objrel	The uncle the guy knows approves the aunt	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
objrel	The uncle the guy stimulates avoids the doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objrel	The uncle the kid encourages avoids the singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objrel	The uncle the kid inspires encourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objrel	The uncle the lawyer avoids knows the friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objrel	The uncle the lawyer greets criticizes the woman	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objrel	The uncle the lawyer remembers knows the father	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objrel	The uncle the man criticizes greets the mother	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel	The uncle the man discourages greets the mother	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objrel	The uncle the mother criticizes admires the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objrel	The uncle the mother engages criticizes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objrel	The uncle the mother greets confuses the teacher	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objrel	The uncle the mother stimulates avoids the woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objrel	The uncle the poet approves encourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel	The uncle the poet approves remembers the boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objrel	The uncle the poet discourages stimulates the doctor	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel	The uncle the poet encourages avoids the friend	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objrel	The uncle the poet observes engages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objrel	The uncle the singer avoids remembers the mother	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel	The uncle the teacher greets avoids the mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel	The uncle the victim approves inspires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objrel	The uncle the victim engages discourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel	The uncle the victim inspires admires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel	The uncle the victim remembers encourages the father	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel	The uncle the woman encourages knows the mother	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel	The uncle the woman greets admires the poet	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel	The uncle the woman understands criticizes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objrel	The victim the athlete criticizes engages the kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objrel	The victim the athlete engages approves the poet	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objrel	The victim the athlete greets encourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel	The victim the athlete remembers engages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objrel	The victim the aunt confuses admires the singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objrel	The victim the aunt inspires knows the uncle	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objrel	The victim the boy discourages avoids the doctor	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel	The victim the boy stimulates observes the woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objrel	The victim the boy understands criticizes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objrel	The victim the carpenter approves discourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objrel	The victim the carpenter remembers knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objrel	The victim the doctor engages confuses the woman	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objrel	The victim the doctor engages stimulates the boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objrel	The victim the farmer engages encourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objrel	The victim the farmer greets stimulates the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objrel	The victim the father admires approves the doctor	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objrel	The victim the father discourages criticizes the man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objrel	The victim the father observes encourages the woman	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objrel	The victim the friend avoids encourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel	The victim the friend discourages admires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel	The victim the friend stimulates encourages the woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objrel	The victim the friend understands greets the poet	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel	The victim the girl understands criticizes the guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objrel	The victim the guy avoids remembers the uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel	The victim the guy confuses inspires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objrel	The victim the guy criticizes avoids the man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objrel	The victim the guy discourages engages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel	The victim the guy inspires admires the kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel	The victim the kid admires avoids the man	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objrel	The victim the kid discourages admires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel	The victim the kid greets stimulates the farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objrel	The victim the lawyer admires avoids the uncle	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objrel	The victim the lawyer approves remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objrel	The victim the lawyer approves remembers the woman	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objrel	The victim the lawyer approves understands the teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objrel	The victim the lawyer criticizes approves the woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objrel	The victim the lawyer engages avoids the man	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objrel	The victim the lawyer greets criticizes the father	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objrel	The victim the lawyer inspires stimulates the boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objrel	The victim the lawyer knows discourages the man	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objrel	The victim the lawyer understands observes the kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objrel	The victim the man criticizes inspires the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objrel	The victim the mother knows stimulates the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel	The victim the mother stimulates approves the man	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objrel	The victim the poet approves criticizes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
objrel	The victim the poet confuses understands the singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objrel	The victim the singer approves greets the boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objrel	The victim the singer confuses criticizes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel	The victim the singer encourages approves the uncle	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objrel	The victim the singer engages observes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel	The victim the teacher avoids remembers the singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel	The victim the teacher confuses greets the girl	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objrel	The victim the uncle approves confuses the woman	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objrel	The victim the uncle confuses understands the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objrel	The victim the uncle knows criticizes the girl	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objrel	The victim the woman encourages observes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel	The victim the woman stimulates confuses the doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel	The victim the woman understands remembers the doctor	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objrel	The woman the athlete approves criticizes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
objrel	The woman the athlete confuses avoids the teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objrel	The woman the athlete criticizes greets the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel	The woman the athlete discourages remembers the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel	The woman the athlete encourages admires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel	The woman the aunt admires inspires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objrel	The woman the aunt admires observes the girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel	The woman the aunt approves discourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objrel	The woman the aunt avoids greets the victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objrel	The woman the aunt avoids remembers the uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel	The woman the aunt discourages inspires the victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objrel	The woman the aunt observes avoids the father	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objrel	The woman the aunt remembers observes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objrel	The woman the boy inspires understands the teacher	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objrel	The woman the carpenter criticizes greets the uncle	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel	The woman the carpenter engages discourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel	The woman the carpenter greets admires the guy	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel	The woman the carpenter inspires admires the mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel	The woman the doctor avoids approves the teacher	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objrel	The woman the doctor confuses avoids the boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objrel	The woman the doctor greets admires the victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel	The woman the farmer approves understands the doctor	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objrel	The woman the farmer confuses admires the girl	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objrel	The woman the farmer engages knows the singer	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objrel	The woman the farmer stimulates remembers the girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objrel	The woman the farmer understands inspires the mother	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
objrel	The woman the father approves knows the doctor	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objrel	The woman the father criticizes admires the mother	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objrel	The woman the father remembers stimulates the mother	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel	The woman the father stimulates inspires the victim	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objrel	The woman the father understands approves the uncle	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel	The woman the friend remembers engages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objrel	The woman the girl admires criticizes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objrel	The woman the girl understands approves the man	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel	The woman the guy understands approves the doctor	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel	The woman the kid admires avoids the farmer	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objrel	The woman the kid approves understands the athlete	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objrel	The woman the kid engages knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objrel	The woman the kid understands knows the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objrel	The woman the lawyer understands knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objrel	The woman the man discourages confuses the kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objrel	The woman the man greets observes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objrel	The woman the man remembers encourages the father	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel	The woman the man remembers understands the doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
objrel	The woman the mother inspires remembers the athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel	The woman the mother remembers admires the man	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
objrel	The woman the poet approves knows the singer	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objrel	The woman the poet avoids remembers the guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel	The woman the poet confuses avoids the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objrel	The woman the poet knows stimulates the doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel	The woman the poet understands remembers the victim	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objrel	The woman the singer confuses approves the uncle	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objrel	The woman the singer engages remembers the girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objrel	The woman the singer greets remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel	The woman the singer knows greets the uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel	The woman the singer observes approves the aunt	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objrel	The woman the singer observes approves the man	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objrel	The woman the teacher encourages admires the singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel	The woman the teacher inspires encourages the father	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objrel	The woman the teacher understands discourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objrel	The woman the uncle avoids discourages the father	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objrel	The woman the uncle discourages observes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel	The woman the victim admires discourages the father	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel	The woman the victim discourages knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objrel	The athlete the aunt admires encourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
objrel	The athlete the aunt greets knows the kids	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
objrel	The athlete the aunt greets understands the doctors	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
objrel	The athlete the aunt knows discourages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
objrel	The athlete the boy confuses admires the singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel	The athlete the carpenter avoids knows the fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
objrel	The athlete the carpenter greets observes the men	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel	The athlete the carpenter observes confuses the teachers	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
objrel	The athlete the doctor confuses encourages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel	The athlete the doctor discourages confuses the victims	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
objrel	The athlete the doctor greets criticizes the men	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
objrel	The athlete the farmer greets confuses the men	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
objrel	The athlete the farmer inspires approves the mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
objrel	The athlete the farmer inspires criticizes the women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
objrel	The athlete the girl admires encourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
objrel	The athlete the guy admires discourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel	The athlete the guy criticizes encourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
objrel	The athlete the guy criticizes greets the aunts	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
objrel	The athlete the guy encourages observes the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
objrel	The athlete the kid admires avoids the mothers	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
objrel	The athlete the kid encourages inspires the women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
objrel	The athlete the kid inspires understands the mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel	The athlete the kid understands encourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel	The athlete the lawyer admires greets the aunts	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
objrel	The athlete the lawyer encourages knows the doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel	The athlete the lawyer stimulates knows the women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel	The athlete the man approves stimulates the farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel	The athlete the man confuses observes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
objrel	The athlete the man discourages confuses the farmers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
objrel	The athlete the mother confuses approves the friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel	The athlete the mother confuses criticizes the boys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
objrel	The athlete the mother encourages greets the boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
objrel	The athlete the mother inspires understands the women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel	The athlete the singer admires engages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
objrel	The athlete the teacher admires understands the men	singular	singular	plural	admire	understand
objrel	The athlete the teacher confuses greets the uncles	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel	The athlete the teacher confuses understands the boys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel	The athlete the teacher engages discourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
objrel	The athlete the teacher stimulates discourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel	The athlete the uncle confuses understands the men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel	The athlete the uncle greets remembers the women	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel	The athlete the victim understands criticizes the boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel	The athlete the woman admires confuses the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
objrel	The athlete the woman confuses criticizes the boys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
objrel	The athlete the woman knows criticizes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
objrel	The aunt the athlete observes approves the girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
objrel	The aunt the athlete remembers approves the teachers	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
objrel	The aunt the boy avoids understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
objrel	The aunt the boy engages avoids the mothers	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
objrel	The aunt the boy greets discourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
objrel	The aunt the boy knows discourages the men	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
objrel	The aunt the boy observes confuses the victims	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
objrel	The aunt the boy understands admires the women	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
objrel	The aunt the carpenter criticizes approves the guys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel	The aunt the carpenter engages confuses the doctors	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
objrel	The aunt the carpenter knows observes the singers	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel	The aunt the carpenter stimulates encourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel	The aunt the carpenter understands approves the kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
objrel	The aunt the doctor remembers stimulates the guys	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
objrel	The aunt the farmer admires encourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
objrel	The aunt the farmer greets remembers the boys	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel	The aunt the farmer inspires remembers the teachers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel	The aunt the father observes admires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
objrel	The aunt the friend encourages knows the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel	The aunt the girl admires inspires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
objrel	The aunt the girl engages approves the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
objrel	The aunt the girl engages encourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
objrel	The aunt the girl engages greets the victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
objrel	The aunt the guy admires criticizes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
objrel	The aunt the guy inspires engages the women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel	The aunt the kid approves stimulates the women	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel	The aunt the lawyer avoids discourages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel	The aunt the lawyer engages criticizes the friends	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
objrel	The aunt the lawyer inspires encourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
objrel	The aunt the lawyer observes encourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel	The aunt the man approves stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel	The aunt the man confuses inspires the girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
objrel	The aunt the man discourages avoids the doctors	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
objrel	The aunt the man discourages avoids the singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
objrel	The aunt the mother admires encourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
objrel	The aunt the mother confuses greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel	The aunt the poet admires greets the doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
objrel	The aunt the singer engages confuses the girls	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
objrel	The aunt the teacher avoids understands the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
objrel	The aunt the teacher stimulates knows the friends	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel	The aunt the uncle discourages understands the kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
objrel	The aunt the uncle engages inspires the guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel	The aunt the victim knows avoids the poets	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
objrel	The aunt the victim stimulates approves the uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel	The aunt the woman criticizes knows the poets	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel	The aunt the woman stimulates discourages the men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel	The boy the athlete admires approves the kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
objrel	The boy the athlete avoids engages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
objrel	The boy the athlete knows admires the men	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel	The boy the aunt admires inspires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
objrel	The boy the aunt criticizes remembers the women	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
objrel	The boy the aunt discourages remembers the teachers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
objrel	The boy the aunt observes encourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel	The boy the carpenter admires confuses the fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
objrel	The boy the carpenter inspires understands the kids	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel	The boy the doctor stimulates discourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel	The boy the farmer criticizes confuses the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
objrel	The boy the father confuses admires the men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel	The boy the father encourages engages the women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
objrel	The boy the father stimulates observes the kids	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
objrel	The boy the girl inspires criticizes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
objrel	The boy the guy avoids encourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel	The boy the guy observes greets the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	greet
objrel	The boy the guy stimulates observes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
objrel	The boy the kid greets stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
objrel	The boy the lawyer engages approves the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
objrel	The boy the lawyer greets engages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
objrel	The boy the man confuses admires the girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel	The boy the man understands observes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
objrel	The boy the poet avoids stimulates the women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
objrel	The boy the poet discourages confuses the guys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
objrel	The boy the poet stimulates greets the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel	The boy the singer observes confuses the friends	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
objrel	The boy the singer stimulates encourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel	The boy the teacher approves admires the poets	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel	The boy the teacher avoids stimulates the aunts	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
objrel	The boy the teacher greets confuses the farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
objrel	The boy the uncle avoids confuses the athletes	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
objrel	The boy the uncle avoids engages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
objrel	The boy the uncle inspires understands the girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel	The boy the uncle observes encourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel	The boy the victim greets discourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
objrel	The boy the victim inspires confuses the uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
objrel	The boy the victim understands stimulates the men	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel	The boy the woman confuses remembers the fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
objrel	The boy the woman greets inspires the guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel	The boy the woman inspires remembers the guys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel	The boy the woman remembers knows the men	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
objrel	The boy the woman stimulates avoids the doctors	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
objrel	The boy the woman understands confuses the farmers	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
objrel	The boy the woman understands encourages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel	The boy the woman understands inspires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspire
objrel	The carpenter the athlete criticizes admires the men	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel	The carpenter the aunt encourages criticizes the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
objrel	The carpenter the aunt greets avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
objrel	The carpenter the aunt inspires discourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
objrel	The carpenter the aunt observes discourages the poets	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
objrel	The carpenter the aunt remembers confuses the athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
objrel	The carpenter the boy admires inspires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
objrel	The carpenter the boy avoids discourages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel	The carpenter the boy greets avoids the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
objrel	The carpenter the boy inspires engages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel	The carpenter the boy stimulates confuses the athletes	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
objrel	The carpenter the doctor approves knows the mothers	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel	The carpenter the doctor greets observes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel	The carpenter the farmer approves knows the fathers	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel	The carpenter the farmer observes knows the women	singular	singular	plural	observe	know
objrel	The carpenter the father approves engages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
objrel	The carpenter the father engages encourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
objrel	The carpenter the friend encourages admires the boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel	The carpenter the girl greets understands the guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
objrel	The carpenter the guy criticizes understands the uncles	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
objrel	The carpenter the guy encourages remembers the poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
objrel	The carpenter the kid avoids observes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
objrel	The carpenter the kid encourages admires the friends	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel	The carpenter the kid greets approves the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
objrel	The carpenter the lawyer criticizes engages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
objrel	The carpenter the lawyer observes encourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel	The carpenter the lawyer remembers admires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
objrel	The carpenter the lawyer remembers confuses the aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
objrel	The carpenter the man admires remembers the singers	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
objrel	The carpenter the man criticizes inspires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
objrel	The carpenter the man knows observes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel	The carpenter the man remembers knows the poets	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
objrel	The carpenter the mother admires understands the doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	understand
objrel	The carpenter the mother avoids admires the girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel	The carpenter the mother inspires discourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
objrel	The carpenter the mother understands stimulates the victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel	The carpenter the singer confuses greets the fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel	The carpenter the singer observes remembers the farmers	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel	The carpenter the singer remembers engages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
objrel	The carpenter the teacher avoids stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
objrel	The carpenter the teacher encourages remembers the fathers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
objrel	The carpenter the teacher engages approves the victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
objrel	The carpenter the teacher observes understands the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
objrel	The carpenter the teacher observes understands the women	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
objrel	The carpenter the uncle approves engages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
objrel	The carpenter the uncle inspires avoids the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
objrel	The carpenter the victim observes understands the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
objrel	The carpenter the woman admires encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
objrel	The carpenter the woman confuses admires the singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel	The carpenter the woman stimulates greets the doctors	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel	The doctor the athlete admires inspires the victims	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
objrel	The doctor the athlete approves encourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourage
objrel	The doctor the athlete criticizes observes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observe
objrel	The doctor the athlete engages knows the girls	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
objrel	The doctor the aunt avoids greets the boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
objrel	The doctor the aunt stimulates understands the athletes	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
objrel	The doctor the aunt understands avoids the mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
objrel	The doctor the boy stimulates admires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
objrel	The doctor the boy stimulates encourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel	The doctor the carpenter admires criticizes the guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
objrel	The doctor the carpenter admires encourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
objrel	The doctor the carpenter avoids discourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel	The doctor the carpenter encourages approves the aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
objrel	The doctor the carpenter knows admires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel	The doctor the carpenter understands stimulates the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel	The doctor the farmer avoids greets the aunts	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
objrel	The doctor the farmer greets encourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel	The doctor the farmer understands knows the aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
objrel	The doctor the father criticizes engages the poets	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
objrel	The doctor the father engages understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
objrel	The doctor the father remembers stimulates the women	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
objrel	The doctor the friend approves avoids the aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
objrel	The doctor the friend confuses criticizes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
objrel	The doctor the friend stimulates approves the farmers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel	The doctor the girl avoids admires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel	The doctor the girl discourages avoids the aunts	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
objrel	The doctor the girl encourages observes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
objrel	The doctor the girl inspires greets the poets	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
objrel	The doctor the guy inspires greets the athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
objrel	The doctor the guy knows engages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel	The doctor the kid criticizes stimulates the mothers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
objrel	The doctor the kid engages greets the teachers	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
objrel	The doctor the kid engages inspires the women	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel	The doctor the kid greets discourages the women	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
objrel	The doctor the kid greets stimulates the guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
objrel	The doctor the kid inspires criticizes the poets	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
objrel	The doctor the kid inspires encourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
objrel	The doctor the kid inspires knows the teachers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
objrel	The doctor the lawyer approves remembers the farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
objrel	The doctor the lawyer discourages approves the farmers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
objrel	The doctor the lawyer inspires engages the women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel	The doctor the man admires inspires the women	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
objrel	The doctor the man discourages inspires the boys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
objrel	The doctor the man knows discourages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
objrel	The doctor the man remembers engages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
objrel	The doctor the man understands admires the boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
objrel	The doctor the mother admires observes the men	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
objrel	The doctor the mother engages greets the women	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
objrel	The doctor the poet discourages avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
objrel	The doctor the poet greets encourages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel	The doctor the singer knows inspires the men	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
objrel	The doctor the singer understands stimulates the victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel	The doctor the teacher avoids stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
objrel	The doctor the teacher knows remembers the mothers	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
objrel	The doctor the teacher stimulates engages the men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel	The doctor the uncle admires approves the boys	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
objrel	The doctor the uncle inspires avoids the women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
objrel	The doctor the uncle stimulates observes the kids	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
objrel	The doctor the victim criticizes engages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
objrel	The doctor the victim observes greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	greet
objrel	The doctor the victim remembers understands the athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel	The doctor the woman avoids knows the girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
objrel	The doctor the woman remembers knows the girls	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
objrel	The farmer the athlete inspires understands the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel	The farmer the athlete stimulates criticizes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
objrel	The farmer the athlete stimulates engages the singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel	The farmer the aunt stimulates criticizes the doctors	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
objrel	The farmer the boy admires criticizes the uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
objrel	The farmer the boy discourages approves the men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
objrel	The farmer the boy discourages engages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
objrel	The farmer the boy stimulates criticizes the women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
objrel	The farmer the carpenter inspires stimulates the poets	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
objrel	The farmer the carpenter stimulates greets the girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel	The farmer the doctor stimulates encourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel	The farmer the father approves avoids the victims	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
objrel	The farmer the father avoids criticizes the girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
objrel	The farmer the father greets observes the kids	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel	The farmer the father understands approves the friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
objrel	The farmer the friend confuses inspires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
objrel	The farmer the friend greets criticizes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
objrel	The farmer the friend observes approves the uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
objrel	The farmer the friend understands greets the teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
objrel	The farmer the girl approves knows the victims	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel	The farmer the girl encourages criticizes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
objrel	The farmer the girl engages greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
objrel	The farmer the girl inspires admires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
objrel	The farmer the girl inspires approves the aunts	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
objrel	The farmer the girl knows remembers the doctors	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
objrel	The farmer the guy avoids inspires the mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
objrel	The farmer the guy discourages admires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
objrel	The farmer the guy engages knows the uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
objrel	The farmer the guy remembers avoids the poets	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
objrel	The farmer the guy remembers discourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
objrel	The farmer the guy understands remembers the men	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
objrel	The farmer the kid approves encourages the women	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourage
objrel	The farmer the kid knows approves the friends	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel	The farmer the kid remembers approves the women	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
objrel	The farmer the lawyer encourages observes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
objrel	The farmer the lawyer understands encourages the men	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel	The farmer the man approves knows the aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel	The farmer the man encourages inspires the mothers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
objrel	The farmer the man inspires engages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel	The farmer the man stimulates approves the boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel	The farmer the mother discourages observes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
objrel	The farmer the mother encourages criticizes the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
objrel	The farmer the mother observes encourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel	The farmer the singer knows approves the poets	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel	The farmer the teacher admires discourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel	The farmer the teacher approves admires the mothers	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel	The farmer the teacher engages approves the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
objrel	The farmer the teacher inspires approves the aunts	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
objrel	The farmer the teacher inspires engages the men	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel	The farmer the uncle approves criticizes the doctors	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
objrel	The farmer the uncle encourages understands the doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
objrel	The farmer the uncle inspires remembers the doctors	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel	The farmer the uncle observes knows the mothers	singular	singular	plural	observe	know
objrel	The farmer the victim approves admires the girls	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel	The farmer the victim discourages criticizes the kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticize
objrel	The farmer the victim engages inspires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel	The farmer the victim observes avoids the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
objrel	The farmer the victim observes understands the men	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
objrel	The farmer the victim remembers confuses the women	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
objrel	The farmer the woman confuses discourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
objrel	The father the athlete avoids discourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel	The father the athlete discourages observes the doctors	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
objrel	The father the athlete inspires avoids the doctors	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
objrel	The father the athlete knows engages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel	The father the aunt observes remembers the friends	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel	The father the aunt stimulates engages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel	The father the boy admires stimulates the women	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel	The father the boy avoids approves the women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
objrel	The father the boy criticizes admires the singers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel	The father the boy greets stimulates the singers	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
objrel	The father the boy observes engages the kids	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
objrel	The father the boy understands greets the aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
objrel	The father the carpenter engages remembers the girls	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel	The father the carpenter observes avoids the teachers	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
objrel	The father the carpenter stimulates encourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel	The father the doctor engages understands the men	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
objrel	The father the doctor knows criticizes the friends	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
objrel	The father the doctor stimulates discourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel	The father the friend criticizes avoids the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
objrel	The father the friend discourages engages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
objrel	The father the friend engages approves the girls	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
objrel	The father the girl greets criticizes the guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
objrel	The father the girl stimulates inspires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
objrel	The father the guy greets encourages the men	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel	The father the kid approves discourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
objrel	The father the kid criticizes avoids the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
objrel	The father the kid criticizes engages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
objrel	The father the kid encourages stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
objrel	The father the kid engages inspires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel	The father the lawyer engages greets the athletes	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
objrel	The father the man observes criticizes the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticize
objrel	The father the man understands inspires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspire
objrel	The father the mother remembers avoids the aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
objrel	The father the mother understands greets the friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
objrel	The father the poet admires inspires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
objrel	The father the poet approves admires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel	The father the singer confuses discourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
objrel	The father the singer inspires engages the men	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel	The father the singer stimulates confuses the victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
objrel	The father the teacher discourages avoids the athletes	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
objrel	The father the teacher engages understands the men	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
objrel	The father the teacher observes encourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel	The father the teacher stimulates engages the singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel	The father the uncle criticizes stimulates the men	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
objrel	The father the uncle encourages criticizes the guys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
objrel	The father the uncle encourages greets the doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
objrel	The father the uncle greets stimulates the singers	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
objrel	The father the uncle inspires encourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
objrel	The father the uncle knows confuses the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
objrel	The father the victim stimulates encourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel	The father the woman knows inspires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
objrel	The father the woman remembers inspires the mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel	The friend the athlete approves confuses the kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
objrel	The friend the athlete avoids confuses the mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
objrel	The friend the athlete avoids stimulates the fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
objrel	The friend the athlete encourages greets the victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
objrel	The friend the athlete observes understands the women	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
objrel	The friend the aunt approves admires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel	The friend the aunt confuses approves the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel	The friend the aunt engages confuses the women	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
objrel	The friend the aunt greets inspires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel	The friend the aunt knows observes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel	The friend the carpenter admires approves the uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
objrel	The friend the carpenter encourages approves the men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
objrel	The friend the carpenter encourages stimulates the farmers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
objrel	The friend the doctor approves observes the girls	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
objrel	The friend the doctor discourages stimulates the mothers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
objrel	The friend the farmer encourages confuses the men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
objrel	The friend the farmer stimulates admires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
objrel	The friend the father admires discourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel	The friend the father confuses discourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
objrel	The friend the father stimulates greets the girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel	The friend the girl confuses admires the mothers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel	The friend the girl discourages criticizes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticize
objrel	The friend the girl engages understands the teachers	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
objrel	The friend the guy approves remembers the kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
objrel	The friend the guy inspires admires the victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
objrel	The friend the kid discourages admires the boys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
objrel	The friend the kid discourages stimulates the aunts	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
objrel	The friend the kid greets inspires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel	The friend the kid observes avoids the uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
objrel	The friend the kid understands stimulates the teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel	The friend the man greets approves the farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
objrel	The friend the man inspires admires the poets	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
objrel	The friend the man remembers knows the uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
objrel	The friend the man understands engages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel	The friend the mother avoids knows the kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
objrel	The friend the mother criticizes avoids the aunts	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
objrel	The friend the mother stimulates confuses the uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
objrel	The friend the poet remembers observes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
objrel	The friend the poet understands admires the boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
objrel	The friend the singer greets encourages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel	The friend the singer stimulates discourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel	The friend the teacher discourages encourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourage
objrel	The friend the teacher inspires knows the uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
objrel	The friend the uncle confuses encourages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel	The friend the uncle greets stimulates the mothers	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
objrel	The friend the victim discourages confuses the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
objrel	The friend the victim engages confuses the kids	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
objrel	The friend the woman approves engages the kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
objrel	The friend the woman greets confuses the girls	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
objrel	The friend the woman greets encourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel	The friend the woman knows greets the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
objrel	The friend the woman stimulates avoids the victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
objrel	The girl the aunt confuses inspires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
objrel	The girl the aunt criticizes confuses the boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
objrel	The girl the aunt discourages observes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
objrel	The girl the aunt encourages understands the victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
objrel	The girl the aunt greets inspires the boys	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel	The girl the aunt stimulates inspires the kids	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
objrel	The girl the carpenter observes encourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel	The girl the carpenter stimulates encourages the men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel	The girl the carpenter stimulates greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel	The girl the doctor greets approves the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
objrel	The girl the doctor inspires discourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
objrel	The girl the farmer admires knows the mothers	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
objrel	The girl the farmer approves inspires the fathers	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
objrel	The girl the farmer avoids understands the doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
objrel	The girl the farmer remembers inspires the women	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel	The girl the father discourages knows the singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel	The girl the friend approves observes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
objrel	The girl the friend avoids discourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel	The girl the friend encourages criticizes the boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
objrel	The girl the kid approves remembers the aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
objrel	The girl the kid knows remembers the victims	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
objrel	The girl the kid observes greets the men	singular	singular	plural	observe	greet
objrel	The girl the kid stimulates approves the teachers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel	The girl the lawyer remembers understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel	The girl the mother greets avoids the uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
objrel	The girl the poet observes inspires the guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel	The girl the singer engages inspires the women	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel	The girl the singer understands encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel	The girl the teacher inspires observes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel	The girl the teacher knows admires the mothers	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel	The girl the teacher observes remembers the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel	The girl the uncle avoids encourages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel	The girl the uncle greets approves the guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
objrel	The girl the victim knows avoids the farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
objrel	The girl the victim remembers engages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
objrel	The girl the woman approves understands the friends	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel	The girl the woman stimulates remembers the mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
objrel	The guy the aunt greets observes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel	The guy the aunt stimulates encourages the poets	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel	The guy the boy confuses observes the friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
objrel	The guy the boy greets discourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
objrel	The guy the boy greets understands the women	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
objrel	The guy the carpenter avoids admires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel	The guy the doctor approves discourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
objrel	The guy the doctor engages encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
objrel	The guy the doctor greets remembers the uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel	The guy the doctor observes admires the girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
objrel	The guy the farmer criticizes discourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
objrel	The guy the farmer engages approves the poets	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
objrel	The guy the father approves engages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
objrel	The guy the father avoids admires the friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel	The guy the father greets stimulates the poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
objrel	The guy the friend confuses knows the men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel	The guy the friend discourages observes the women	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
objrel	The guy the girl understands engages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel	The guy the kid approves discourages the men	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
objrel	The guy the kid approves inspires the singers	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
objrel	The guy the kid approves observes the boys	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
objrel	The guy the kid avoids encourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel	The guy the kid confuses stimulates the doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel	The guy the kid criticizes approves the poets	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel	The guy the kid remembers greets the uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
objrel	The guy the kid stimulates admires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
objrel	The guy the man confuses avoids the poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel	The guy the man encourages knows the kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel	The guy the mother admires knows the poets	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
objrel	The guy the mother approves criticizes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
objrel	The guy the mother criticizes admires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel	The guy the mother discourages greets the farmers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
objrel	The guy the mother knows avoids the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
objrel	The guy the poet approves confuses the singers	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
objrel	The guy the poet avoids remembers the doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
objrel	The guy the poet knows encourages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
objrel	The guy the poet observes encourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel	The guy the singer encourages greets the mothers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
objrel	The guy the singer engages inspires the victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel	The guy the singer inspires engages the poets	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel	The guy the singer observes admires the fathers	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
objrel	The guy the teacher avoids discourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel	The guy the teacher confuses approves the friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel	The guy the teacher criticizes greets the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
objrel	The guy the uncle admires criticizes the poets	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
objrel	The guy the victim admires stimulates the kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel	The guy the victim approves criticizes the poets	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
objrel	The guy the victim discourages avoids the teachers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
objrel	The guy the victim greets stimulates the fathers	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
objrel	The guy the victim greets stimulates the poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
objrel	The guy the victim stimulates greets the poets	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel	The guy the woman engages admires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
objrel	The guy the woman knows avoids the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
objrel	The kid the athlete criticizes encourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
objrel	The kid the athlete engages inspires the women	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel	The kid the athlete observes inspires the fathers	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel	The kid the athlete understands discourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
objrel	The kid the boy admires approves the farmers	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
objrel	The kid the boy criticizes confuses the singers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
objrel	The kid the boy stimulates knows the girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel	The kid the boy understands engages the guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel	The kid the carpenter approves encourages the poets	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourage
objrel	The kid the carpenter knows engages the girls	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel	The kid the carpenter remembers avoids the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
objrel	The kid the carpenter stimulates greets the girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel	The kid the doctor greets confuses the uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
objrel	The kid the farmer avoids knows the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
objrel	The kid the farmer observes encourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel	The kid the farmer remembers confuses the guys	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
objrel	The kid the father confuses approves the farmers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel	The kid the father inspires discourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
objrel	The kid the friend admires criticizes the guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
objrel	The kid the friend greets engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
objrel	The kid the girl observes engages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
objrel	The kid the girl understands stimulates the farmers	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel	The kid the guy discourages approves the men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
objrel	The kid the lawyer admires encourages the poets	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
objrel	The kid the lawyer avoids greets the poets	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
objrel	The kid the lawyer discourages inspires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
objrel	The kid the lawyer inspires engages the singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel	The kid the lawyer remembers encourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel	The kid the man confuses understands the women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel	The kid the man knows engages the friends	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel	The kid the man knows inspires the fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
objrel	The kid the man understands discourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
objrel	The kid the mother greets understands the teachers	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
objrel	The kid the mother inspires observes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel	The kid the poet confuses engages the women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
objrel	The kid the poet engages greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
objrel	The kid the teacher engages confuses the aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
objrel	The kid the teacher greets confuses the guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
objrel	The kid the teacher knows encourages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
objrel	The kid the teacher understands greets the girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
objrel	The kid the uncle avoids remembers the men	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
objrel	The kid the uncle criticizes approves the men	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel	The kid the uncle criticizes avoids the teachers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
objrel	The kid the uncle criticizes remembers the mothers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
objrel	The kid the victim engages admires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
objrel	The kid the victim stimulates remembers the uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
objrel	The lawyer the athlete admires engages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
objrel	The lawyer the athlete encourages knows the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel	The lawyer the athlete greets avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
objrel	The lawyer the athlete greets remembers the singers	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel	The lawyer the athlete observes approves the kids	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
objrel	The lawyer the aunt approves admires the singers	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel	The lawyer the aunt discourages inspires the women	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
objrel	The lawyer the aunt inspires knows the women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
objrel	The lawyer the aunt understands encourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel	The lawyer the boy approves greets the girls	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
objrel	The lawyer the boy inspires admires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
objrel	The lawyer the boy inspires understands the girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel	The lawyer the boy understands encourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel	The lawyer the carpenter admires approves the poets	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
objrel	The lawyer the carpenter remembers greets the farmers	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
objrel	The lawyer the doctor discourages inspires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
objrel	The lawyer the doctor discourages knows the athletes	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel	The lawyer the farmer confuses knows the guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel	The lawyer the farmer criticizes confuses the boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
objrel	The lawyer the father admires approves the doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
objrel	The lawyer the father avoids discourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel	The lawyer the father confuses stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel	The lawyer the father knows engages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel	The lawyer the father stimulates encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel	The lawyer the friend knows approves the uncles	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel	The lawyer the kid approves discourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
objrel	The lawyer the kid greets remembers the fathers	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel	The lawyer the man avoids inspires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
objrel	The lawyer the man criticizes observes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observe
objrel	The lawyer the man discourages engages the women	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
objrel	The lawyer the mother admires approves the boys	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
objrel	The lawyer the mother encourages greets the poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
objrel	The lawyer the mother knows greets the victims	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
objrel	The lawyer the mother understands discourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
objrel	The lawyer the poet avoids confuses the fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
objrel	The lawyer the poet confuses understands the friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel	The lawyer the poet encourages admires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel	The lawyer the poet encourages discourages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel	The lawyer the poet greets encourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel	The lawyer the singer admires greets the farmers	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
objrel	The lawyer the teacher discourages admires the friends	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
objrel	The lawyer the teacher engages remembers the singers	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel	The lawyer the victim confuses greets the men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel	The lawyer the woman approves greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
objrel	The lawyer the woman confuses encourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel	The lawyer the woman discourages criticizes the guys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the woman inspires confuses the doctors	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
objrel	The lawyer the woman knows admires the fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel	The man the athlete knows greets the kids	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
objrel	The man the athlete stimulates engages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel	The man the aunt understands knows the girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
objrel	The man the boy confuses avoids the friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel	The man the boy knows understands the friends	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
objrel	The man the carpenter criticizes remembers the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
objrel	The man the carpenter encourages stimulates the mothers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
objrel	The man the carpenter observes inspires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel	The man the doctor discourages observes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
objrel	The man the doctor remembers criticizes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
objrel	The man the farmer discourages engages the kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
objrel	The man the father admires remembers the guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
objrel	The man the father greets criticizes the guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
objrel	The man the friend admires criticizes the kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
objrel	The man the friend avoids remembers the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
objrel	The man the friend greets understands the women	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
objrel	The man the girl inspires confuses the mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
objrel	The man the girl stimulates remembers the fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
objrel	The man the guy confuses approves the fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel	The man the guy criticizes confuses the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
objrel	The man the guy observes encourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel	The man the guy remembers avoids the athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
objrel	The man the kid understands admires the poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
objrel	The man the lawyer avoids confuses the uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
objrel	The man the lawyer avoids engages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
objrel	The man the lawyer avoids stimulates the athletes	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
objrel	The man the lawyer remembers engages the victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
objrel	The man the lawyer stimulates remembers the doctors	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
objrel	The man the mother confuses greets the women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel	The man the poet confuses observes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
objrel	The man the poet criticizes engages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
objrel	The man the poet stimulates knows the aunts	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel	The man the singer knows remembers the athletes	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
objrel	The man the singer observes criticizes the girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticize
objrel	The man the teacher encourages discourages the women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel	The man the teacher greets avoids the poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
objrel	The man the teacher inspires encourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
objrel	The man the uncle greets confuses the aunts	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
objrel	The man the uncle greets criticizes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
objrel	The man the victim understands admires the women	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
objrel	The man the woman confuses approves the singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel	The man the woman observes greets the kids	singular	singular	plural	observe	greet
objrel	The man the woman stimulates engages the kids	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel	The mother the athlete remembers observes the singers	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
objrel	The mother the aunt confuses observes the boys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
objrel	The mother the aunt criticizes admires the singers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel	The mother the aunt encourages observes the victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
objrel	The mother the boy understands knows the doctors	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
objrel	The mother the carpenter avoids inspires the poets	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
objrel	The mother the carpenter criticizes approves the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel	The mother the carpenter inspires discourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
objrel	The mother the carpenter knows admires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel	The mother the carpenter remembers avoids the farmers	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
objrel	The mother the doctor criticizes inspires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
objrel	The mother the doctor greets remembers the teachers	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel	The mother the doctor knows criticizes the kids	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
objrel	The mother the farmer admires understands the poets	singular	singular	plural	admire	understand
objrel	The mother the farmer engages stimulates the men	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
objrel	The mother the father approves criticizes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
objrel	The mother the father approves inspires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
objrel	The mother the father encourages stimulates the doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
objrel	The mother the friend avoids observes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
objrel	The mother the friend confuses avoids the teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel	The mother the friend knows admires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel	The mother the girl discourages inspires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
objrel	The mother the girl observes admires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
objrel	The mother the girl understands greets the athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
objrel	The mother the guy criticizes engages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
objrel	The mother the kid confuses engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
objrel	The mother the kid encourages knows the uncles	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel	The mother the kid encourages stimulates the men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
objrel	The mother the lawyer confuses remembers the friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
objrel	The mother the lawyer criticizes admires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel	The mother the man avoids remembers the boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
objrel	The mother the man engages remembers the guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel	The mother the man knows understands the uncles	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
objrel	The mother the poet engages inspires the victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel	The mother the poet observes approves the singers	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
objrel	The mother the singer greets observes the men	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel	The mother the teacher criticizes stimulates the girls	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
objrel	The mother the teacher greets admires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	greet	admire
objrel	The mother the teacher inspires understands the uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel	The mother the teacher understands remembers the farmers	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
objrel	The mother the uncle greets avoids the poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
objrel	The mother the uncle greets knows the men	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
objrel	The mother the uncle knows criticizes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
objrel	The mother the uncle knows understands the girls	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
objrel	The mother the victim admires criticizes the kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
objrel	The mother the victim avoids stimulates the aunts	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
objrel	The mother the woman approves stimulates the farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel	The mother the woman greets discourages the men	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
objrel	The poet the athlete avoids inspires the kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
objrel	The poet the athlete engages greets the men	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
objrel	The poet the aunt admires remembers the friends	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
objrel	The poet the aunt encourages admires the men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel	The poet the aunt understands knows the mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
objrel	The poet the boy avoids stimulates the victims	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
objrel	The poet the carpenter admires understands the victims	singular	singular	plural	admire	understand
objrel	The poet the carpenter discourages stimulates the women	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
objrel	The poet the doctor stimulates criticizes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
objrel	The poet the doctor understands observes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
objrel	The poet the farmer approves greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
objrel	The poet the farmer engages stimulates the aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
objrel	The poet the farmer stimulates confuses the victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
objrel	The poet the farmer stimulates understands the boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
objrel	The poet the father encourages understands the kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
objrel	The poet the friend greets discourages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
objrel	The poet the friend inspires knows the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
objrel	The poet the friend remembers inspires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel	The poet the friend understands knows the guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
objrel	The poet the girl encourages criticizes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
objrel	The poet the girl greets knows the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
objrel	The poet the guy discourages approves the aunts	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
objrel	The poet the guy knows greets the girls	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
objrel	The poet the kid admires confuses the farmers	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
objrel	The poet the kid approves understands the boys	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel	The poet the kid avoids discourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel	The poet the kid encourages approves the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
objrel	The poet the kid stimulates encourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel	The poet the lawyer confuses discourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
objrel	The poet the lawyer stimulates greets the victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel	The poet the man admires confuses the uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
objrel	The poet the man avoids approves the fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
objrel	The poet the man encourages observes the victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
objrel	The poet the man stimulates approves the mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel	The poet the mother greets approves the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
objrel	The poet the mother inspires avoids the men	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
objrel	The poet the singer criticizes engages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
objrel	The poet the teacher engages inspires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel	The poet the uncle approves discourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
objrel	The poet the victim inspires criticizes the men	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
objrel	The poet the victim knows remembers the doctors	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
objrel	The singer the athlete discourages greets the boys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
objrel	The singer the athlete stimulates discourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel	The singer the aunt criticizes admires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel	The singer the aunt understands confuses the friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
objrel	The singer the boy criticizes engages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
objrel	The singer the boy remembers approves the men	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
objrel	The singer the boy understands encourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel	The singer the carpenter approves discourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
objrel	The singer the carpenter discourages avoids the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
objrel	The singer the carpenter knows understands the kids	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
objrel	The singer the doctor encourages knows the women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel	The singer the doctor engages confuses the aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
objrel	The singer the doctor knows encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
objrel	The singer the doctor knows understands the fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
objrel	The singer the farmer knows observes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel	The singer the farmer understands greets the doctors	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
objrel	The singer the father criticizes understands the farmers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
objrel	The singer the father knows greets the friends	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
objrel	The singer the father remembers stimulates the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
objrel	The singer the girl criticizes greets the uncles	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
objrel	The singer the guy admires encourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
objrel	The singer the guy avoids discourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel	The singer the guy inspires avoids the kids	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
objrel	The singer the kid approves knows the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel	The singer the kid engages understands the fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
objrel	The singer the kid stimulates encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel	The singer the lawyer confuses criticizes the doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
objrel	The singer the lawyer inspires observes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel	The singer the man confuses encourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel	The singer the man greets engages the guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
objrel	The singer the man inspires knows the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
objrel	The singer the man stimulates discourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel	The singer the mother criticizes knows the kids	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel	The singer the mother encourages remembers the aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
objrel	The singer the mother engages admires the friends	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
objrel	The singer the poet admires greets the victims	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
objrel	The singer the poet confuses encourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel	The singer the poet inspires admires the women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
objrel	The singer the teacher discourages encourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourage
objrel	The singer the teacher knows avoids the fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
objrel	The singer the teacher understands criticizes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel	The singer the uncle knows approves the guys	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel	The singer the victim confuses knows the women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel	The singer the victim knows approves the boys	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel	The singer the victim stimulates avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
objrel	The singer the victim stimulates confuses the boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
objrel	The singer the victim stimulates discourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel	The singer the victim stimulates understands the friends	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
objrel	The singer the woman engages observes the victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
objrel	The singer the woman greets encourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel	The singer the woman inspires knows the poets	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
objrel	The singer the woman remembers inspires the friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel	The singer the woman stimulates greets the athletes	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel	The teacher the athlete criticizes encourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
objrel	The teacher the athlete encourages remembers the aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
objrel	The teacher the athlete inspires avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
objrel	The teacher the athlete knows stimulates the victims	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
objrel	The teacher the aunt admires approves the singers	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
objrel	The teacher the aunt avoids knows the singers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
objrel	The teacher the aunt criticizes understands the farmers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
objrel	The teacher the aunt knows observes the doctors	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel	The teacher the boy discourages knows the men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel	The teacher the boy understands confuses the men	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
objrel	The teacher the carpenter confuses avoids the fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel	The teacher the carpenter knows admires the girls	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel	The teacher the carpenter observes avoids the mothers	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
objrel	The teacher the doctor admires observes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
objrel	The teacher the doctor avoids admires the kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel	The teacher the doctor inspires remembers the girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel	The teacher the doctor observes admires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
objrel	The teacher the doctor remembers understands the mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel	The teacher the doctor understands encourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel	The teacher the farmer avoids encourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel	The teacher the farmer greets understands the men	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
objrel	The teacher the farmer inspires encourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
objrel	The teacher the farmer knows discourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
objrel	The teacher the farmer remembers encourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel	The teacher the father knows approves the mothers	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel	The teacher the friend discourages observes the uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
objrel	The teacher the girl admires criticizes the doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
objrel	The teacher the girl approves stimulates the aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel	The teacher the girl knows admires the guys	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel	The teacher the guy approves observes the girls	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
objrel	The teacher the guy confuses knows the mothers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel	The teacher the guy criticizes knows the kids	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel	The teacher the guy remembers admires the victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
objrel	The teacher the guy stimulates greets the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel	The teacher the kid approves stimulates the girls	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel	The teacher the kid avoids discourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel	The teacher the kid remembers observes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
objrel	The teacher the lawyer admires criticizes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
objrel	The teacher the lawyer approves criticizes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
objrel	The teacher the lawyer confuses approves the guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel	The teacher the lawyer remembers observes the men	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
objrel	The teacher the man approves discourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
objrel	The teacher the man avoids discourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel	The teacher the man avoids stimulates the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
objrel	The teacher the man greets engages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
objrel	The teacher the man remembers knows the uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
objrel	The teacher the mother engages understands the boys	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
objrel	The teacher the mother greets observes the uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel	The teacher the poet criticizes greets the doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
objrel	The teacher the poet greets encourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel	The teacher the poet understands inspires the fathers	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspire
objrel	The teacher the singer avoids engages the kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
objrel	The teacher the singer engages remembers the aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel	The teacher the singer remembers discourages the women	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
objrel	The teacher the uncle avoids approves the girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
objrel	The teacher the uncle criticizes admires the boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel	The teacher the uncle engages encourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
objrel	The teacher the uncle stimulates observes the poets	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
objrel	The teacher the uncle understands criticizes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel	The teacher the victim encourages knows the poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel	The teacher the victim stimulates discourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel	The teacher the woman avoids engages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
objrel	The teacher the woman encourages discourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel	The teacher the woman engages inspires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel	The uncle the athlete confuses approves the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel	The uncle the athlete encourages admires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel	The uncle the aunt avoids understands the poets	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
objrel	The uncle the boy confuses encourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel	The uncle the boy criticizes engages the women	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
objrel	The uncle the boy remembers approves the poets	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
objrel	The uncle the boy stimulates observes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
objrel	The uncle the carpenter admires confuses the aunts	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
objrel	The uncle the carpenter avoids criticizes the friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
objrel	The uncle the carpenter engages avoids the girls	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
objrel	The uncle the carpenter remembers observes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
objrel	The uncle the carpenter stimulates encourages the women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel	The uncle the carpenter stimulates greets the girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel	The uncle the carpenter stimulates greets the victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel	The uncle the doctor approves inspires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
objrel	The uncle the doctor approves stimulates the fathers	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel	The uncle the doctor engages confuses the guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
objrel	The uncle the doctor greets discourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
objrel	The uncle the farmer discourages approves the teachers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
objrel	The uncle the farmer greets discourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
objrel	The uncle the farmer remembers observes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
objrel	The uncle the father admires engages the girls	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
objrel	The uncle the father admires greets the girls	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
objrel	The uncle the father approves greets the mothers	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
objrel	The uncle the father confuses greets the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel	The uncle the father greets understands the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
objrel	The uncle the father stimulates encourages the women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel	The uncle the friend engages observes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
objrel	The uncle the girl knows approves the athletes	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel	The uncle the girl knows encourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
objrel	The uncle the girl stimulates encourages the men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel	The uncle the guy confuses criticizes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
objrel	The uncle the guy understands engages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel	The uncle the kid admires stimulates the singers	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel	The uncle the kid encourages admires the victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel	The uncle the lawyer confuses knows the girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel	The uncle the lawyer greets confuses the men	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
objrel	The uncle the man criticizes observes the women	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observe
objrel	The uncle the man discourages understands the friends	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
objrel	The uncle the mother avoids discourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel	The uncle the mother inspires understands the kids	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel	The uncle the mother observes avoids the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
objrel	The uncle the poet admires knows the kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
objrel	The uncle the poet inspires knows the girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
objrel	The uncle the singer encourages discourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel	The uncle the woman inspires encourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
objrel	The uncle the woman stimulates remembers the boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
objrel	The victim the athlete encourages remembers the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
objrel	The victim the aunt inspires engages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel	The victim the aunt observes avoids the boys	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
objrel	The victim the aunt remembers approves the teachers	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
objrel	The victim the aunt understands inspires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspire
objrel	The victim the boy avoids observes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
objrel	The victim the carpenter admires discourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel	The victim the carpenter admires stimulates the women	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel	The victim the carpenter engages discourages the men	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
objrel	The victim the doctor confuses remembers the aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
objrel	The victim the doctor encourages criticizes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
objrel	The victim the doctor observes discourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
objrel	The victim the farmer avoids observes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
objrel	The victim the farmer greets criticizes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
objrel	The victim the father encourages inspires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
objrel	The victim the father stimulates engages the poets	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel	The victim the friend confuses avoids the farmers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel	The victim the friend encourages understands the fathers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
objrel	The victim the friend greets observes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel	The victim the friend inspires greets the aunts	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
objrel	The victim the friend knows approves the kids	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel	The victim the friend understands knows the girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
objrel	The victim the girl encourages engages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
objrel	The victim the girl engages confuses the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
objrel	The victim the girl engages discourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
objrel	The victim the girl greets admires the poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	admire
objrel	The victim the girl inspires criticizes the doctors	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
objrel	The victim the girl knows encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
objrel	The victim the guy admires understands the teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	understand
objrel	The victim the guy approves stimulates the teachers	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel	The victim the kid admires knows the fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
objrel	The victim the kid approves encourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourage
objrel	The victim the kid engages knows the friends	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
objrel	The victim the lawyer understands observes the doctors	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
objrel	The victim the man admires avoids the girls	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
objrel	The victim the man avoids admires the kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel	The victim the man avoids observes the guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
objrel	The victim the man encourages understands the girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
objrel	The victim the man knows observes the girls	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel	The victim the mother avoids engages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
objrel	The victim the mother engages admires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
objrel	The victim the poet confuses inspires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
objrel	The victim the poet engages avoids the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
objrel	The victim the poet engages remembers the girls	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel	The victim the singer confuses engages the girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
objrel	The victim the singer confuses stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel	The victim the singer encourages avoids the friends	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
objrel	The victim the teacher avoids confuses the friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
objrel	The victim the teacher engages criticizes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
objrel	The victim the teacher stimulates knows the friends	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel	The victim the uncle criticizes admires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel	The victim the uncle discourages observes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
objrel	The victim the uncle encourages greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
objrel	The victim the uncle understands greets the boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
objrel	The victim the woman avoids admires the mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel	The victim the woman encourages observes the men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
objrel	The victim the woman inspires remembers the singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel	The victim the woman observes confuses the girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
objrel	The victim the woman remembers admires the poets	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
objrel	The victim the woman stimulates knows the singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel	The woman the athlete encourages approves the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
objrel	The woman the athlete encourages remembers the poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
objrel	The woman the athlete understands engages the guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel	The woman the aunt approves understands the doctors	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel	The woman the aunt inspires admires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
objrel	The woman the aunt knows discourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
objrel	The woman the aunt stimulates approves the boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel	The woman the aunt stimulates engages the boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel	The woman the boy encourages greets the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
objrel	The woman the carpenter discourages confuses the fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
objrel	The woman the carpenter encourages confuses the poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
objrel	The woman the carpenter encourages engages the guys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
objrel	The woman the carpenter remembers approves the aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
objrel	The woman the carpenter stimulates knows the singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel	The woman the carpenter understands avoids the singers	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
objrel	The woman the doctor criticizes engages the victims	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
objrel	The woman the doctor encourages inspires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
objrel	The woman the doctor inspires engages the victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel	The woman the doctor remembers encourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel	The woman the farmer encourages criticizes the victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
objrel	The woman the farmer remembers knows the friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
objrel	The woman the father remembers understands the mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel	The woman the friend admires greets the mothers	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
objrel	The woman the friend remembers greets the girls	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
objrel	The woman the friend stimulates engages the victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel	The woman the girl admires understands the teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	understand
objrel	The woman the girl greets remembers the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel	The woman the guy discourages remembers the fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
objrel	The woman the guy remembers knows the men	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
objrel	The woman the guy stimulates engages the men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel	The woman the kid approves stimulates the teachers	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel	The woman the kid confuses encourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel	The woman the kid inspires admires the boys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
objrel	The woman the kid understands engages the men	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel	The woman the lawyer knows remembers the uncles	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
objrel	The woman the man inspires discourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
objrel	The woman the poet encourages engages the victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
objrel	The woman the singer confuses greets the friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel	The woman the singer confuses understands the kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel	The woman the singer discourages encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourage
objrel	The woman the singer encourages remembers the doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
objrel	The woman the uncle admires discourages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel	The woman the uncle confuses remembers the kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
objrel	The woman the uncle discourages encourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourage
objrel	The woman the victim understands approves the uncles	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
objrel	The woman the victim understands criticizes the singers	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel	The athlete the aunts encourage admires the friend	singular	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objrel	The athlete the carpenters understand knows the singer	singular	plural	singular	understands	know
objrel	The athlete the doctors approve admires the farmer	singular	plural	singular	approves	admire
objrel	The athlete the doctors engage encourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel	The athlete the farmers confuse observes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objrel	The athlete the farmers discourage avoids the teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objrel	The athlete the farmers discourage confuses the girl	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel	The athlete the fathers inspire stimulates the victim	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel	The athlete the friends stimulate observes the father	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objrel	The athlete the friends understand observes the victim	singular	plural	singular	understands	observe
objrel	The athlete the girls criticize approves the aunt	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel	The athlete the girls greet criticizes the boy	singular	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objrel	The athlete the girls greet observes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel	The athlete the girls inspire engages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objrel	The athlete the kids avoid approves the poet	singular	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objrel	The athlete the kids discourage knows the farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel	The athlete the kids encourage avoids the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objrel	The athlete the kids encourage discourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objrel	The athlete the kids understand criticizes the victim	singular	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objrel	The athlete the lawyers greet remembers the uncle	singular	plural	singular	greets	remember
objrel	The athlete the lawyers observe approves the kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel	The athlete the lawyers remember admires the victim	singular	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objrel	The athlete the men criticize greets the friend	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel	The athlete the men engage observes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	engages	observe
objrel	The athlete the men greet confuses the poet	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel	The athlete the mothers approve observes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	approves	observe
objrel	The athlete the poets avoid remembers the doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel	The athlete the poets criticize remembers the singer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	remember
objrel	The athlete the poets inspire discourages the girl	singular	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objrel	The athlete the singers admire avoids the friend	singular	plural	singular	admires	avoid
objrel	The athlete the singers criticize confuses the girl	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objrel	The athlete the singers inspire admires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objrel	The athlete the singers inspire confuses the uncle	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel	The athlete the singers observe admires the poet	singular	plural	singular	observes	admire
objrel	The athlete the singers understand confuses the aunt	singular	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objrel	The athlete the teachers discourage criticizes the singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objrel	The athlete the teachers encourage criticizes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel	The athlete the uncles avoid stimulates the farmer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objrel	The athlete the uncles criticize knows the doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objrel	The athlete the uncles greet criticizes the kid	singular	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objrel	The athlete the uncles stimulate approves the woman	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objrel	The athlete the victims admire approves the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel	The athlete the victims approve stimulates the doctor	singular	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objrel	The athlete the victims engage criticizes the boy	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel	The athlete the victims stimulate admires the poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objrel	The athlete the women remember knows the guy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	know
objrel	The aunt the athletes avoid observes the singer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objrel	The aunt the athletes engage admires the victim	singular	plural	singular	engages	admire
objrel	The aunt the athletes engage avoids the man	singular	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objrel	The aunt the boys greet knows the guy	singular	plural	singular	greets	know
objrel	The aunt the boys know criticizes the victim	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel	The aunt the carpenters approve engages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel	The aunt the carpenters criticize observes the father	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel	The aunt the carpenters greet knows the mother	singular	plural	singular	greets	know
objrel	The aunt the doctors discourage avoids the athlete	singular	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objrel	The aunt the doctors encourage admires the poet	singular	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objrel	The aunt the doctors greet avoids the girl	singular	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objrel	The aunt the farmers encourage avoids the guy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objrel	The aunt the farmers know discourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel	The aunt the fathers confuse remembers the teacher	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel	The aunt the fathers greet engages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	greets	engage
objrel	The aunt the friends greet observes the woman	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel	The aunt the girls approve criticizes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objrel	The aunt the girls avoid approves the poet	singular	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objrel	The aunt the girls inspire approves the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objrel	The aunt the girls observe stimulates the mother	singular	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objrel	The aunt the girls remember observes the mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objrel	The aunt the girls understand confuses the boy	singular	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objrel	The aunt the guys criticize confuses the doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objrel	The aunt the guys know remembers the farmer	singular	plural	singular	knows	remember
objrel	The aunt the guys know stimulates the father	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel	The aunt the kids greet admires the father	singular	plural	singular	greets	admire
objrel	The aunt the lawyers admire remembers the farmer	singular	plural	singular	admires	remember
objrel	The aunt the lawyers approve confuses the teacher	singular	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objrel	The aunt the lawyers confuse criticizes the father	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel	The aunt the men avoid stimulates the mother	singular	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objrel	The aunt the men greet observes the girl	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel	The aunt the men know remembers the athlete	singular	plural	singular	knows	remember
objrel	The aunt the mothers criticize observes the singer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel	The aunt the mothers stimulate avoids the father	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objrel	The aunt the mothers stimulate observes the father	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objrel	The aunt the poets confuse stimulates the boy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel	The aunt the poets encourage knows the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel	The aunt the poets observe approves the mother	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel	The aunt the singers criticize inspires the kid	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel	The aunt the singers encourage approves the guy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel	The aunt the singers remember criticizes the kid	singular	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objrel	The aunt the singers stimulate understands the farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objrel	The aunt the singers understand inspires the poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objrel	The aunt the teachers inspire greets the uncle	singular	plural	singular	inspires	greet
objrel	The aunt the teachers stimulate discourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objrel	The aunt the teachers understand discourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objrel	The aunt the uncles criticize avoids the doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objrel	The aunt the uncles encourage remembers the athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objrel	The aunt the uncles engage confuses the kid	singular	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objrel	The aunt the victims discourage engages the kid	singular	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objrel	The aunt the victims engage encourages the poet	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel	The aunt the victims engage knows the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engages	know
objrel	The aunt the victims greet knows the poet	singular	plural	singular	greets	know
objrel	The aunt the victims understand remembers the father	singular	plural	singular	understands	remember
objrel	The aunt the women know confuses the friend	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel	The boy the athletes admire engages the girl	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel	The boy the athletes confuse stimulates the poet	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel	The boy the athletes encourage confuses the farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objrel	The boy the athletes inspire admires the girl	singular	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objrel	The boy the aunts avoid remembers the teacher	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel	The boy the aunts avoid stimulates the guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objrel	The boy the carpenters know avoids the poet	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel	The boy the carpenters observe knows the uncle	singular	plural	singular	observes	know
objrel	The boy the farmers criticize inspires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel	The boy the farmers criticize stimulates the friend	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objrel	The boy the farmers inspire admires the victim	singular	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objrel	The boy the fathers confuse inspires the farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel	The boy the fathers encourage inspires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objrel	The boy the fathers greet approves the singer	singular	plural	singular	greets	approve
objrel	The boy the fathers inspire discourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objrel	The boy the fathers understand criticizes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objrel	The boy the friends encourage understands the farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objrel	The boy the friends engage observes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	engages	observe
objrel	The boy the friends know stimulates the guy	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel	The boy the girls know stimulates the woman	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel	The boy the girls observe avoids the father	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel	The boy the guys confuse knows the kid	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel	The boy the kids approve discourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objrel	The boy the kids engage criticizes the poet	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel	The boy the kids engage observes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	engages	observe
objrel	The boy the kids greet encourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel	The boy the kids stimulate encourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel	The boy the lawyers admire greets the aunt	singular	plural	singular	admires	greet
objrel	The boy the lawyers avoid encourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objrel	The boy the lawyers remember observes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objrel	The boy the men discourage inspires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objrel	The boy the men greet criticizes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objrel	The boy the mothers avoid confuses the athlete	singular	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objrel	The boy the mothers confuse approves the kid	singular	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objrel	The boy the mothers observe remembers the poet	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel	The boy the poets admire engages the singer	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel	The boy the poets approve engages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel	The boy the poets confuse inspires the singer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel	The boy the poets criticize encourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel	The boy the poets encourage avoids the guy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objrel	The boy the poets observe confuses the girl	singular	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objrel	The boy the singers avoid remembers the uncle	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel	The boy the singers criticize knows the girl	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objrel	The boy the singers encourage knows the teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel	The boy the singers inspire confuses the man	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel	The boy the teachers encourage knows the athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel	The boy the uncles criticize greets the kid	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel	The boy the uncles inspire knows the farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	know
objrel	The boy the uncles observe encourages the girl	singular	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objrel	The boy the uncles remember stimulates the mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objrel	The boy the victims admire remembers the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admires	remember
objrel	The boy the victims discourage encourages the father	singular	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objrel	The boy the victims observe criticizes the father	singular	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objrel	The boy the women observe remembers the mother	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel	The carpenter the aunts discourage avoids the doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objrel	The carpenter the aunts encourage engages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel	The carpenter the aunts know admires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	knows	admire
objrel	The carpenter the doctors avoid understands the man	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel	The carpenter the doctors encourage stimulates the kid	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel	The carpenter the doctors greet confuses the man	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel	The carpenter the doctors understand encourages the poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objrel	The carpenter the farmers greet observes the friend	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel	The carpenter the farmers inspire stimulates the mother	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel	The carpenter the farmers observe knows the teacher	singular	plural	singular	observes	know
objrel	The carpenter the friends admire engages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel	The carpenter the friends engage confuses the guy	singular	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objrel	The carpenter the girls confuse encourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel	The carpenter the girls criticize inspires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel	The carpenter the guys avoid confuses the teacher	singular	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objrel	The carpenter the guys engage stimulates the farmer	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel	The carpenter the guys know inspires the mother	singular	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objrel	The carpenter the kids confuse remembers the aunt	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel	The carpenter the kids inspire discourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objrel	The carpenter the lawyers discourage understands the farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objrel	The carpenter the lawyers engage discourages the father	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel	The carpenter the lawyers know approves the athlete	singular	plural	singular	knows	approve
objrel	The carpenter the lawyers stimulate knows the man	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objrel	The carpenter the men approve engages the woman	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel	The carpenter the men discourage greets the mother	singular	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objrel	The carpenter the men encourage criticizes the victim	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel	The carpenter the men encourage engages the kid	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel	The carpenter the mothers greet understands the athlete	singular	plural	singular	greets	understand
objrel	The carpenter the mothers know engages the singer	singular	plural	singular	knows	engage
objrel	The carpenter the poets engage criticizes the man	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel	The carpenter the singers inspire encourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objrel	The carpenter the singers stimulate discourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objrel	The carpenter the teachers encourage approves the friend	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel	The carpenter the teachers inspire observes the girl	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel	The carpenter the teachers remember engages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objrel	The carpenter the uncles admire stimulates the teacher	singular	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objrel	The carpenter the uncles engage greets the girl	singular	plural	singular	engages	greet
objrel	The carpenter the uncles inspire admires the guy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objrel	The carpenter the uncles understand discourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objrel	The carpenter the uncles understand stimulates the man	singular	plural	singular	understands	stimulate
objrel	The carpenter the victims confuse encourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel	The carpenter the women discourage encourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objrel	The carpenter the women engage stimulates the mother	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel	The carpenter the women remember stimulates the athlete	singular	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objrel	The doctor the athletes discourage knows the aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel	The doctor the aunts admire stimulates the guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objrel	The doctor the aunts discourage inspires the woman	singular	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objrel	The doctor the aunts encourage avoids the teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objrel	The doctor the aunts engage observes the man	singular	plural	singular	engages	observe
objrel	The doctor the aunts observe criticizes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objrel	The doctor the boys engage approves the mother	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel	The doctor the farmers confuse inspires the woman	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel	The doctor the fathers discourage inspires the mother	singular	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objrel	The doctor the fathers stimulate discourages the poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objrel	The doctor the friends discourage inspires the mother	singular	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objrel	The doctor the girls discourage confuses the uncle	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel	The doctor the guys avoid confuses the friend	singular	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objrel	The doctor the guys confuse discourages the friend	singular	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objrel	The doctor the guys know observes the friend	singular	plural	singular	knows	observe
objrel	The doctor the kids avoid discourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objrel	The doctor the kids remember confuses the farmer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel	The doctor the kids understand greets the man	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel	The doctor the lawyers avoid confuses the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objrel	The doctor the lawyers criticize engages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel	The doctor the lawyers engage stimulates the woman	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel	The doctor the men know greets the father	singular	plural	singular	knows	greet
objrel	The doctor the mothers confuse discourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objrel	The doctor the mothers criticize understands the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objrel	The doctor the mothers remember understands the aunt	singular	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objrel	The doctor the singers approve avoids the father	singular	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objrel	The doctor the singers stimulate inspires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objrel	The doctor the teachers know criticizes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel	The doctor the teachers know observes the mother	singular	plural	singular	knows	observe
objrel	The doctor the teachers understand knows the boy	singular	plural	singular	understands	know
objrel	The doctor the uncles encourage remembers the poet	singular	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objrel	The doctor the uncles engage confuses the teacher	singular	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objrel	The doctor the uncles greet remembers the friend	singular	plural	singular	greets	remember
objrel	The doctor the uncles observe discourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel	The doctor the uncles observe engages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	observes	engage
objrel	The doctor the victims stimulate engages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objrel	The doctor the victims stimulate inspires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objrel	The doctor the women engage discourages the man	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel	The farmer the athletes approve greets the teacher	singular	plural	singular	approves	greet
objrel	The farmer the athletes encourage confuses the uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objrel	The farmer the athletes know avoids the father	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel	The farmer the athletes remember criticizes the victim	singular	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objrel	The farmer the aunts engage approves the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel	The farmer the aunts engage encourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel	The farmer the boys approve observes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	approves	observe
objrel	The farmer the boys avoid knows the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	know
objrel	The farmer the boys discourage stimulates the doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objrel	The farmer the carpenters confuse remembers the poet	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel	The farmer the carpenters inspire observes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel	The farmer the carpenters observe approves the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel	The farmer the carpenters observe discourages the friend	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel	The farmer the doctors approve discourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objrel	The farmer the doctors avoid understands the friend	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel	The farmer the doctors confuse avoids the woman	singular	plural	singular	confuses	avoid
objrel	The farmer the doctors confuse engages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel	The farmer the doctors remember greets the kid	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel	The farmer the fathers confuse encourages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel	The farmer the fathers encourage confuses the teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objrel	The farmer the fathers engage discourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel	The farmer the friends admire confuses the guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objrel	The farmer the friends admire understands the woman	singular	plural	singular	admires	understand
objrel	The farmer the friends observe greets the father	singular	plural	singular	observes	greet
objrel	The farmer the friends remember discourages the boy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objrel	The farmer the girls confuse approves the friend	singular	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objrel	The farmer the guys approve understands the man	singular	plural	singular	approves	understand
objrel	The farmer the guys discourage approves the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objrel	The farmer the kids confuse admires the father	singular	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objrel	The farmer the kids greet criticizes the mother	singular	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objrel	The farmer the kids inspire discourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objrel	The farmer the kids observe avoids the uncle	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel	The farmer the lawyers approve avoids the doctor	singular	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objrel	The farmer the lawyers approve confuses the woman	singular	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objrel	The farmer the lawyers approve greets the uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	greet
objrel	The farmer the lawyers approve stimulates the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objrel	The farmer the lawyers stimulate admires the singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objrel	The farmer the men admire inspires the woman	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel	The farmer the men avoid encourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objrel	The farmer the men avoid remembers the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel	The farmer the men criticize engages the boy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel	The farmer the men discourage avoids the singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objrel	The farmer the men greet remembers the girl	singular	plural	singular	greets	remember
objrel	The farmer the mothers confuse stimulates the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel	The farmer the mothers discourage stimulates the guy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objrel	The farmer the mothers encourage approves the woman	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel	The farmer the mothers know criticizes the boy	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel	The farmer the mothers understand discourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objrel	The farmer the poets inspire engages the boy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objrel	The farmer the poets know approves the singer	singular	plural	singular	knows	approve
objrel	The farmer the poets stimulate engages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objrel	The farmer the singers admire greets the guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	greet
objrel	The farmer the singers encourage inspires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objrel	The farmer the singers greet admires the guy	singular	plural	singular	greets	admire
objrel	The farmer the singers stimulate confuses the mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel	The farmer the singers stimulate discourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objrel	The farmer the teachers criticize knows the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objrel	The farmer the teachers remember greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel	The farmer the teachers stimulate encourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel	The farmer the uncles confuse encourages the poet	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel	The farmer the uncles criticize stimulates the singer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objrel	The farmer the uncles discourage confuses the aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel	The farmer the uncles know engages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	knows	engage
objrel	The farmer the victims admire criticizes the father	singular	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objrel	The farmer the victims encourage avoids the kid	singular	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objrel	The farmer the victims encourage remembers the aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objrel	The farmer the victims remember understands the athlete	singular	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objrel	The farmer the women discourage admires the man	singular	plural	singular	discourages	admire
objrel	The farmer the women discourage engages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objrel	The farmer the women inspire confuses the athlete	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel	The farmer the women stimulate understands the victim	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objrel	The father the athletes encourage admires the mother	singular	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objrel	The father the athletes encourage admires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objrel	The father the athletes understand admires the friend	singular	plural	singular	understands	admire
objrel	The father the aunts discourage encourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objrel	The father the boys greet avoids the uncle	singular	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objrel	The father the boys know observes the poet	singular	plural	singular	knows	observe
objrel	The father the carpenters inspire admires the victim	singular	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objrel	The father the carpenters inspire encourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objrel	The father the carpenters remember observes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objrel	The father the doctors confuse admires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objrel	The father the doctors encourage observes the athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objrel	The father the doctors engage criticizes the kid	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel	The father the doctors observe discourages the boy	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel	The father the farmers engage approves the singer	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel	The father the farmers greet observes the girl	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel	The father the farmers inspire criticizes the mother	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel	The father the friends admire approves the woman	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel	The father the friends confuse discourages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objrel	The father the friends criticize encourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel	The father the friends engage avoids the kid	singular	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objrel	The father the friends understand knows the guy	singular	plural	singular	understands	know
objrel	The father the girls admire inspires the boy	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel	The father the girls engage approves the athlete	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel	The father the girls remember understands the kid	singular	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objrel	The father the guys inspire greets the friend	singular	plural	singular	inspires	greet
objrel	The father the kids avoid remembers the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel	The father the kids encourage observes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objrel	The father the kids stimulate approves the farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objrel	The father the kids understand inspires the poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objrel	The father the lawyers know remembers the woman	singular	plural	singular	knows	remember
objrel	The father the men approve criticizes the poet	singular	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objrel	The father the men criticize stimulates the teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objrel	The father the men engage approves the aunt	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel	The father the men engage knows the boy	singular	plural	singular	engages	know
objrel	The father the men remember engages the mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objrel	The father the men stimulate greets the girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objrel	The father the poets confuse avoids the kid	singular	plural	singular	confuses	avoid
objrel	The father the poets criticize greets the farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel	The father the poets engage inspires the guy	singular	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objrel	The father the poets engage understands the aunt	singular	plural	singular	engages	understand
objrel	The father the poets remember avoids the teacher	singular	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objrel	The father the singers inspire encourages the man	singular	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objrel	The father the teachers criticize stimulates the girl	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objrel	The father the teachers encourage confuses the victim	singular	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objrel	The father the uncles approve discourages the poet	singular	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objrel	The father the uncles approve inspires the poet	singular	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objrel	The father the uncles confuse stimulates the boy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel	The father the uncles criticize confuses the farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objrel	The father the uncles inspire understands the girl	singular	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objrel	The father the victims admire inspires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel	The father the victims discourage engages the woman	singular	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objrel	The father the women discourage confuses the girl	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel	The father the women stimulate knows the boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objrel	The friend the athletes admire understands the farmer	singular	plural	singular	admires	understand
objrel	The friend the athletes criticize greets the girl	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel	The friend the athletes encourage avoids the aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objrel	The friend the athletes inspire observes the guy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel	The friend the aunts discourage inspires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objrel	The friend the aunts discourage knows the father	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel	The friend the boys greet inspires the woman	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel	The friend the boys inspire avoids the father	singular	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objrel	The friend the boys inspire observes the mother	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel	The friend the carpenters admire confuses the aunt	singular	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objrel	The friend the carpenters confuse discourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objrel	The friend the carpenters confuse discourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objrel	The friend the carpenters engage criticizes the guy	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel	The friend the carpenters observe remembers the boy	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel	The friend the doctors encourage approves the poet	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel	The friend the farmers criticize approves the father	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel	The friend the farmers observe discourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel	The friend the farmers stimulate criticizes the kid	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objrel	The friend the fathers greet observes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel	The friend the fathers understand observes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	understands	observe
objrel	The friend the girls greet criticizes the mother	singular	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objrel	The friend the guys engage inspires the farmer	singular	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objrel	The friend the guys remember admires the poet	singular	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objrel	The friend the kids engage approves the singer	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel	The friend the kids understand avoids the girl	singular	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objrel	The friend the men approve inspires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objrel	The friend the men approve observes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	observe
objrel	The friend the men discourage encourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objrel	The friend the men discourage stimulates the athlete	singular	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objrel	The friend the men encourage criticizes the father	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel	The friend the men engage knows the kid	singular	plural	singular	engages	know
objrel	The friend the men observe inspires the singer	singular	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objrel	The friend the men understand knows the athlete	singular	plural	singular	understands	know
objrel	The friend the mothers admire discourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel	The friend the mothers confuse inspires the girl	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel	The friend the poets criticize greets the farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel	The friend the poets remember inspires the kid	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel	The friend the poets stimulate admires the girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objrel	The friend the singers admire stimulates the man	singular	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objrel	The friend the singers approve admires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	admire
objrel	The friend the singers discourage criticizes the guy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objrel	The friend the singers discourage inspires the woman	singular	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objrel	The friend the singers greet admires the mother	singular	plural	singular	greets	admire
objrel	The friend the teachers avoid remembers the singer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel	The friend the teachers confuse stimulates the aunt	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel	The friend the teachers encourage remembers the aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objrel	The friend the teachers observe inspires the victim	singular	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objrel	The friend the uncles criticize knows the boy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objrel	The friend the uncles understand greets the mother	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel	The friend the victims admire understands the aunt	singular	plural	singular	admires	understand
objrel	The friend the victims admire understands the poet	singular	plural	singular	admires	understand
objrel	The friend the victims greet encourages the girl	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel	The friend the victims remember greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel	The friend the women approve knows the doctor	singular	plural	singular	approves	know
objrel	The friend the women avoid discourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objrel	The girl the athletes approve confuses the guy	singular	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objrel	The girl the athletes remember criticizes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objrel	The girl the aunts know observes the man	singular	plural	singular	knows	observe
objrel	The girl the boys inspire knows the poet	singular	plural	singular	inspires	know
objrel	The girl the boys understand confuses the father	singular	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objrel	The girl the carpenters observe remembers the singer	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel	The girl the carpenters remember approves the boy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objrel	The girl the carpenters stimulate criticizes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objrel	The girl the carpenters understand greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel	The girl the doctors avoid remembers the teacher	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel	The girl the doctors observe knows the poet	singular	plural	singular	observes	know
objrel	The girl the doctors understand confuses the uncle	singular	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objrel	The girl the farmers avoid engages the guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objrel	The girl the farmers discourage remembers the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objrel	The girl the fathers admire engages the singer	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel	The girl the fathers engage understands the teacher	singular	plural	singular	engages	understand
objrel	The girl the friends greet encourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel	The girl the friends stimulate engages the woman	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objrel	The girl the friends stimulate understands the athlete	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objrel	The girl the kids approve inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objrel	The girl the kids criticize engages the mother	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel	The girl the kids inspire avoids the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objrel	The girl the kids inspire remembers the singer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objrel	The girl the kids observe criticizes the athlete	singular	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objrel	The girl the kids stimulate remembers the man	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objrel	The girl the lawyers approve observes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	approves	observe
objrel	The girl the lawyers avoid understands the aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel	The girl the men admire confuses the poet	singular	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objrel	The girl the men confuse knows the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel	The girl the men greet discourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objrel	The girl the mothers admire understands the doctor	singular	plural	singular	admires	understand
objrel	The girl the mothers approve avoids the poet	singular	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objrel	The girl the mothers avoid knows the kid	singular	plural	singular	avoids	know
objrel	The girl the mothers engage admires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engages	admire
objrel	The girl the mothers stimulate discourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objrel	The girl the mothers understand encourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objrel	The girl the poets confuse knows the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel	The girl the poets engage stimulates the boy	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel	The girl the singers encourage confuses the father	singular	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objrel	The girl the singers engage stimulates the doctor	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel	The girl the singers remember engages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objrel	The girl the teachers engage greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	engages	greet
objrel	The girl the uncles admire observes the mother	singular	plural	singular	admires	observe
objrel	The girl the uncles confuse observes the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objrel	The girl the uncles encourage understands the father	singular	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objrel	The girl the uncles greet avoids the woman	singular	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objrel	The girl the uncles stimulate engages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objrel	The girl the victims approve greets the uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	greet
objrel	The girl the victims confuse approves the man	singular	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objrel	The girl the victims discourage observes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objrel	The girl the victims stimulate engages the mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objrel	The girl the women know discourages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel	The girl the women understand approves the singer	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel	The guy the athletes approve avoids the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objrel	The guy the athletes avoid admires the singer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objrel	The guy the athletes avoid admires the woman	singular	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objrel	The guy the athletes avoid stimulates the doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objrel	The guy the athletes greet inspires the mother	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel	The guy the athletes inspire remembers the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objrel	The guy the aunts admire confuses the kid	singular	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objrel	The guy the aunts engage confuses the singer	singular	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objrel	The guy the aunts remember engages the singer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objrel	The guy the boys admire criticizes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objrel	The guy the boys understand greets the friend	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel	The guy the carpenters engage understands the doctor	singular	plural	singular	engages	understand
objrel	The guy the carpenters inspire observes the kid	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel	The guy the doctors admire understands the man	singular	plural	singular	admires	understand
objrel	The guy the doctors avoid stimulates the uncle	singular	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objrel	The guy the doctors know remembers the mother	singular	plural	singular	knows	remember
objrel	The guy the farmers admire discourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel	The guy the farmers admire discourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel	The guy the farmers criticize observes the victim	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel	The guy the fathers confuse inspires the friend	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel	The guy the fathers confuse observes the kid	singular	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objrel	The guy the fathers know confuses the mother	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel	The guy the fathers stimulate criticizes the poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objrel	The guy the fathers understand discourages the poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objrel	The guy the friends encourage confuses the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objrel	The guy the friends encourage knows the farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel	The guy the lawyers criticize inspires the mother	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel	The guy the lawyers inspire criticizes the poet	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel	The guy the men admire engages the kid	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel	The guy the mothers avoid engages the singer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objrel	The guy the mothers discourage greets the man	singular	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objrel	The guy the mothers observe discourages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel	The guy the mothers remember confuses the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel	The guy the mothers understand inspires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objrel	The guy the mothers understand stimulates the aunt	singular	plural	singular	understands	stimulate
objrel	The guy the poets admire confuses the friend	singular	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objrel	The guy the poets admire inspires the girl	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel	The guy the poets criticize understands the mother	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objrel	The guy the poets greet avoids the teacher	singular	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objrel	The guy the poets inspire observes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel	The guy the poets remember inspires the mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel	The guy the singers encourage confuses the teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objrel	The guy the singers encourage remembers the aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objrel	The guy the singers greet stimulates the athlete	singular	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objrel	The guy the singers know confuses the uncle	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel	The guy the singers stimulate confuses the mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel	The guy the uncles discourage engages the boy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objrel	The guy the uncles encourage criticizes the poet	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel	The guy the uncles inspire stimulates the singer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel	The guy the victims approve admires the poet	singular	plural	singular	approves	admire
objrel	The guy the victims approve inspires the woman	singular	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objrel	The guy the victims know stimulates the teacher	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel	The guy the women approve greets the mother	singular	plural	singular	approves	greet
objrel	The guy the women encourage remembers the man	singular	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objrel	The guy the women inspire criticizes the man	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel	The kid the athletes approve stimulates the uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objrel	The kid the athletes criticize admires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objrel	The kid the athletes engage avoids the girl	singular	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objrel	The kid the athletes remember engages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objrel	The kid the athletes understand greets the friend	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel	The kid the boys criticize admires the farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objrel	The kid the boys criticize admires the guy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objrel	The kid the carpenters avoid inspires the guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objrel	The kid the carpenters greet confuses the victim	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel	The kid the carpenters greet inspires the farmer	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel	The kid the carpenters greet stimulates the boy	singular	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objrel	The kid the carpenters inspire stimulates the doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel	The kid the carpenters know confuses the woman	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel	The kid the carpenters know observes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	knows	observe
objrel	The kid the farmers confuse criticizes the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel	The kid the farmers encourage greets the guy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objrel	The kid the fathers avoid encourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objrel	The kid the fathers stimulate inspires the girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objrel	The kid the friends inspire stimulates the girl	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel	The kid the friends observe avoids the woman	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel	The kid the friends understand inspires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objrel	The kid the girls approve observes the father	singular	plural	singular	approves	observe
objrel	The kid the girls confuse inspires the man	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel	The kid the lawyers confuse understands the woman	singular	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objrel	The kid the men avoid knows the farmer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	know
objrel	The kid the men avoid observes the poet	singular	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objrel	The kid the men discourage understands the farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objrel	The kid the men engage encourages the father	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel	The kid the men remember greets the father	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel	The kid the mothers engage knows the victim	singular	plural	singular	engages	know
objrel	The kid the mothers inspire confuses the farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel	The kid the singers engage encourages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel	The kid the singers remember approves the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objrel	The kid the teachers encourage admires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objrel	The kid the victims admire knows the uncle	singular	plural	singular	admires	know
objrel	The kid the victims observe discourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel	The kid the women confuse engages the father	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel	The kid the women observe admires the guy	singular	plural	singular	observes	admire
objrel	The lawyer the athletes approve greets the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	approves	greet
objrel	The lawyer the athletes remember criticizes the singer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the aunts confuse greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objrel	The lawyer the aunts stimulate approves the doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objrel	The lawyer the boys engage greets the guy	singular	plural	singular	engages	greet
objrel	The lawyer the boys know avoids the guy	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel	The lawyer the boys observe inspires the singer	singular	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objrel	The lawyer the carpenters confuse criticizes the father	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the carpenters criticize approves the teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel	The lawyer the carpenters remember approves the victim	singular	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objrel	The lawyer the doctors criticize engages the victim	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel	The lawyer the doctors discourage criticizes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the doctors encourage knows the teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel	The lawyer the farmers avoid remembers the uncle	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel	The lawyer the farmers confuse remembers the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel	The lawyer the farmers discourage observes the woman	singular	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objrel	The lawyer the farmers encourage approves the teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel	The lawyer the farmers understand stimulates the man	singular	plural	singular	understands	stimulate
objrel	The lawyer the fathers discourage approves the athlete	singular	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objrel	The lawyer the fathers encourage inspires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objrel	The lawyer the fathers encourage inspires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objrel	The lawyer the fathers engage stimulates the farmer	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel	The lawyer the fathers greet discourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objrel	The lawyer the fathers greet encourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel	The lawyer the friends approve observes the woman	singular	plural	singular	approves	observe
objrel	The lawyer the friends observe approves the girl	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel	The lawyer the friends stimulate avoids the man	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objrel	The lawyer the girls stimulate encourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel	The lawyer the guys admire greets the man	singular	plural	singular	admires	greet
objrel	The lawyer the guys inspire admires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objrel	The lawyer the guys inspire engages the girl	singular	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objrel	The lawyer the guys know engages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	knows	engage
objrel	The lawyer the kids admire understands the guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	understand
objrel	The lawyer the kids approve encourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objrel	The lawyer the kids stimulate confuses the friend	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel	The lawyer the mothers greet criticizes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the mothers observe understands the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observes	understand
objrel	The lawyer the poets criticize avoids the singer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objrel	The lawyer the poets know criticizes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the poets understand criticizes the man	singular	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the singers inspire engages the boy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objrel	The lawyer the singers observe engages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	observes	engage
objrel	The lawyer the teachers admire approves the doctor	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel	The lawyer the teachers encourage engages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel	The lawyer the uncles inspire remembers the father	singular	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objrel	The lawyer the victims approve criticizes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the victims criticize confuses the aunt	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objrel	The lawyer the victims encourage stimulates the kid	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel	The lawyer the women admire criticizes the victim	singular	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the women criticize confuses the farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objrel	The lawyer the women discourage understands the uncle	singular	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objrel	The lawyer the women engage approves the farmer	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel	The lawyer the women know remembers the doctor	singular	plural	singular	knows	remember
objrel	The lawyer the women understand approves the athlete	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel	The man the athletes approve engages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel	The man the athletes greet remembers the doctor	singular	plural	singular	greets	remember
objrel	The man the athletes greet stimulates the aunt	singular	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objrel	The man the aunts admire observes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admires	observe
objrel	The man the aunts inspire engages the friend	singular	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objrel	The man the aunts understand encourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objrel	The man the boys encourage engages the mother	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel	The man the boys engage understands the uncle	singular	plural	singular	engages	understand
objrel	The man the boys remember stimulates the girl	singular	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objrel	The man the carpenters avoid stimulates the father	singular	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objrel	The man the carpenters remember approves the poet	singular	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objrel	The man the doctors confuse discourages the father	singular	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objrel	The man the farmers approve remembers the mother	singular	plural	singular	approves	remember
objrel	The man the farmers confuse criticizes the poet	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel	The man the farmers remember inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel	The man the farmers understand knows the guy	singular	plural	singular	understands	know
objrel	The man the fathers admire discourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel	The man the fathers confuse criticizes the woman	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel	The man the fathers observe confuses the poet	singular	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objrel	The man the friends admire greets the doctor	singular	plural	singular	admires	greet
objrel	The man the friends admire stimulates the guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objrel	The man the friends avoid engages the singer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objrel	The man the friends engage criticizes the singer	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel	The man the friends observe approves the poet	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel	The man the friends stimulate criticizes the boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objrel	The man the girls inspire discourages the boy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objrel	The man the guys confuse observes the woman	singular	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objrel	The man the guys discourage encourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objrel	The man the guys greet remembers the poet	singular	plural	singular	greets	remember
objrel	The man the kids approve engages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel	The man the kids encourage understands the athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objrel	The man the kids stimulate remembers the singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objrel	The man the lawyers inspire engages the victim	singular	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objrel	The man the mothers confuse discourages the father	singular	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objrel	The man the mothers engage inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objrel	The man the poets approve knows the teacher	singular	plural	singular	approves	know
objrel	The man the poets discourage knows the kid	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel	The man the poets remember approves the aunt	singular	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objrel	The man the singers admire encourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objrel	The man the singers confuse understands the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objrel	The man the singers encourage engages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel	The man the singers know stimulates the father	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel	The man the singers remember confuses the woman	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel	The man the teachers greet knows the girl	singular	plural	singular	greets	know
objrel	The man the teachers observe remembers the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel	The man the uncles admire knows the singer	singular	plural	singular	admires	know
objrel	The man the uncles observe confuses the doctor	singular	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objrel	The man the uncles remember approves the singer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objrel	The man the victims engage admires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	engages	admire
objrel	The man the women approve confuses the girl	singular	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objrel	The man the women encourage understands the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objrel	The man the women engage admires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	engages	admire
objrel	The man the women stimulate understands the uncle	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objrel	The man the women understand greets the guy	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel	The man the women understand knows the aunt	singular	plural	singular	understands	know
objrel	The mother the athletes criticize avoids the farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objrel	The mother the athletes discourage stimulates the victim	singular	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objrel	The mother the athletes encourage criticizes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel	The mother the aunts admire stimulates the girl	singular	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objrel	The mother the aunts approve discourages the boy	singular	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objrel	The mother the aunts avoid engages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objrel	The mother the aunts criticize encourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel	The mother the aunts inspire admires the farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objrel	The mother the boys admire criticizes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objrel	The mother the boys stimulate observes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objrel	The mother the carpenters greet engages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	greets	engage
objrel	The mother the carpenters know engages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	knows	engage
objrel	The mother the carpenters understand approves the guy	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel	The mother the doctors avoid greets the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objrel	The mother the doctors engage discourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel	The mother the farmers know approves the athlete	singular	plural	singular	knows	approve
objrel	The mother the fathers confuse greets the doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objrel	The mother the fathers inspire confuses the man	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel	The mother the friends engage criticizes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel	The mother the friends inspire knows the farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	know
objrel	The mother the friends remember admires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objrel	The mother the friends remember discourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objrel	The mother the girls discourage approves the father	singular	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objrel	The mother the girls greet understands the doctor	singular	plural	singular	greets	understand
objrel	The mother the girls observe approves the kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel	The mother the guys approve knows the farmer	singular	plural	singular	approves	know
objrel	The mother the guys approve remembers the woman	singular	plural	singular	approves	remember
objrel	The mother the guys inspire discourages the man	singular	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objrel	The mother the guys stimulate avoids the girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objrel	The mother the kids understand approves the singer	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel	The mother the lawyers inspire stimulates the friend	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel	The mother the men avoid inspires the kid	singular	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objrel	The mother the men know criticizes the victim	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel	The mother the men remember inspires the victim	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel	The mother the singers observe avoids the teacher	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel	The mother the teachers inspire knows the poet	singular	plural	singular	inspires	know
objrel	The mother the uncles approve confuses the father	singular	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objrel	The mother the uncles observe encourages the girl	singular	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objrel	The mother the uncles remember admires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objrel	The mother the victims approve engages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel	The mother the victims criticize admires the kid	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objrel	The mother the women approve greets the aunt	singular	plural	singular	approves	greet
objrel	The mother the women confuse discourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objrel	The mother the women remember admires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objrel	The poet the athletes approve confuses the woman	singular	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objrel	The poet the athletes approve inspires the friend	singular	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objrel	The poet the athletes criticize inspires the kid	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel	The poet the athletes observe avoids the man	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel	The poet the athletes remember greets the singer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel	The poet the aunts approve stimulates the athlete	singular	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objrel	The poet the aunts understand confuses the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objrel	The poet the carpenters criticize greets the man	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel	The poet the carpenters criticize understands the singer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objrel	The poet the carpenters greet confuses the girl	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel	The poet the carpenters inspire remembers the guy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objrel	The poet the carpenters remember discourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objrel	The poet the doctors discourage encourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objrel	The poet the doctors inspire knows the mother	singular	plural	singular	inspires	know
objrel	The poet the doctors know remembers the victim	singular	plural	singular	knows	remember
objrel	The poet the doctors remember greets the kid	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel	The poet the doctors remember observes the mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objrel	The poet the farmers admire greets the aunt	singular	plural	singular	admires	greet
objrel	The poet the farmers engage greets the aunt	singular	plural	singular	engages	greet
objrel	The poet the farmers greet stimulates the father	singular	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objrel	The poet the farmers remember confuses the father	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel	The poet the farmers remember engages the mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objrel	The poet the farmers understand admires the father	singular	plural	singular	understands	admire
objrel	The poet the fathers inspire admires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objrel	The poet the fathers know remembers the woman	singular	plural	singular	knows	remember
objrel	The poet the fathers stimulate knows the teacher	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objrel	The poet the friends discourage approves the man	singular	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objrel	The poet the friends greet inspires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel	The poet the girls engage discourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel	The poet the girls inspire engages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objrel	The poet the girls remember approves the boy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objrel	The poet the girls stimulate discourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objrel	The poet the guys criticize observes the friend	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel	The poet the guys know observes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	knows	observe
objrel	The poet the kids admire avoids the father	singular	plural	singular	admires	avoid
objrel	The poet the kids admire discourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel	The poet the kids avoid observes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objrel	The poet the kids discourage stimulates the friend	singular	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objrel	The poet the kids greet encourages the friend	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel	The poet the kids greet inspires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel	The poet the lawyers confuse inspires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel	The poet the lawyers engage encourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel	The poet the lawyers greet inspires the kid	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel	The poet the lawyers stimulate approves the aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objrel	The poet the men inspire remembers the friend	singular	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objrel	The poet the men stimulate encourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel	The poet the mothers approve understands the farmer	singular	plural	singular	approves	understand
objrel	The poet the mothers confuse approves the doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objrel	The poet the mothers criticize admires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objrel	The poet the mothers discourage observes the guy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objrel	The poet the mothers observe remembers the kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel	The poet the singers confuse engages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel	The poet the singers criticize admires the woman	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objrel	The poet the singers encourage understands the victim	singular	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objrel	The poet the teachers approve inspires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objrel	The poet the teachers criticize inspires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel	The poet the uncles admire greets the doctor	singular	plural	singular	admires	greet
objrel	The poet the uncles discourage engages the kid	singular	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objrel	The poet the victims avoid greets the father	singular	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objrel	The poet the victims confuse approves the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objrel	The poet the victims criticize confuses the aunt	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objrel	The poet the victims encourage avoids the singer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objrel	The poet the victims inspire greets the girl	singular	plural	singular	inspires	greet
objrel	The poet the women engage approves the girl	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel	The poet the women engage knows the girl	singular	plural	singular	engages	know
objrel	The poet the women understand stimulates the farmer	singular	plural	singular	understands	stimulate
objrel	The singer the athletes approve criticizes the woman	singular	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objrel	The singer the athletes encourage approves the boy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel	The singer the aunts confuse admires the poet	singular	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objrel	The singer the aunts confuse approves the woman	singular	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objrel	The singer the aunts inspire confuses the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel	The singer the aunts stimulate approves the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objrel	The singer the boys remember understands the farmer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objrel	The singer the carpenters admire criticizes the woman	singular	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objrel	The singer the carpenters admire understands the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admires	understand
objrel	The singer the carpenters confuse inspires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel	The singer the doctors criticize greets the aunt	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel	The singer the doctors inspire avoids the farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objrel	The singer the doctors know stimulates the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel	The singer the farmers approve observes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	observe
objrel	The singer the farmers discourage criticizes the mother	singular	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objrel	The singer the farmers engage stimulates the woman	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel	The singer the farmers inspire approves the victim	singular	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objrel	The singer the farmers know discourages the poet	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel	The singer the farmers observe remembers the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel	The singer the fathers admire observes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	admires	observe
objrel	The singer the fathers avoid criticizes the woman	singular	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objrel	The singer the fathers encourage inspires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objrel	The singer the friends approve understands the teacher	singular	plural	singular	approves	understand
objrel	The singer the friends discourage admires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	discourages	admire
objrel	The singer the friends understand inspires the poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objrel	The singer the girls discourage inspires the victim	singular	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objrel	The singer the girls stimulate knows the guy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objrel	The singer the kids discourage engages the boy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objrel	The singer the kids engage criticizes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel	The singer the kids engage criticizes the guy	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel	The singer the kids greet understands the poet	singular	plural	singular	greets	understand
objrel	The singer the kids observe knows the friend	singular	plural	singular	observes	know
objrel	The singer the lawyers encourage discourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objrel	The singer the lawyers observe criticizes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objrel	The singer the men criticize engages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel	The singer the men greet understands the father	singular	plural	singular	greets	understand
objrel	The singer the men know admires the father	singular	plural	singular	knows	admire
objrel	The singer the men understand avoids the victim	singular	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objrel	The singer the mothers stimulate avoids the girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objrel	The singer the poets engage criticizes the boy	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel	The singer the poets inspire knows the teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspires	know
objrel	The singer the teachers confuse stimulates the poet	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel	The singer the uncles confuse observes the kid	singular	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objrel	The singer the uncles stimulate confuses the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel	The singer the victims admire discourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel	The singer the victims engage discourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel	The singer the victims stimulate discourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objrel	The singer the women admire understands the poet	singular	plural	singular	admires	understand
objrel	The teacher the athletes discourage confuses the woman	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel	The teacher the athletes greet observes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel	The teacher the athletes observe encourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objrel	The teacher the athletes understand confuses the aunt	singular	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objrel	The teacher the boys discourage avoids the farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objrel	The teacher the carpenters encourage approves the doctor	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel	The teacher the doctors greet confuses the poet	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel	The teacher the doctors know understands the mother	singular	plural	singular	knows	understand
objrel	The teacher the farmers confuse encourages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel	The teacher the farmers discourage inspires the girl	singular	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objrel	The teacher the farmers engage observes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engages	observe
objrel	The teacher the farmers observe remembers the kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel	The teacher the fathers understand approves the guy	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel	The teacher the friends confuse greets the girl	singular	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objrel	The teacher the girls admire engages the singer	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel	The teacher the girls discourage knows the victim	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel	The teacher the guys criticize greets the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel	The teacher the guys discourage knows the farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel	The teacher the lawyers greet understands the singer	singular	plural	singular	greets	understand
objrel	The teacher the lawyers stimulate criticizes the friend	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objrel	The teacher the lawyers understand criticizes the woman	singular	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objrel	The teacher the men remember inspires the boy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel	The teacher the mothers know greets the aunt	singular	plural	singular	knows	greet
objrel	The teacher the poets know encourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objrel	The teacher the poets stimulate criticizes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objrel	The teacher the singers encourage approves the boy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel	The teacher the singers encourage discourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objrel	The teacher the singers engage criticizes the friend	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel	The teacher the singers understand confuses the woman	singular	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objrel	The teacher the uncles understand engages the mother	singular	plural	singular	understands	engage
objrel	The teacher the victims confuse approves the woman	singular	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objrel	The teacher the victims criticize inspires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel	The teacher the victims criticize stimulates the poet	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objrel	The teacher the victims engage greets the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engages	greet
objrel	The teacher the victims understand encourages the girl	singular	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objrel	The teacher the women remember observes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objrel	The teacher the women understand confuses the aunt	singular	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objrel	The teacher the women understand observes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	understands	observe
objrel	The uncle the athletes discourage criticizes the mother	singular	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objrel	The uncle the athletes discourage knows the aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel	The uncle the athletes remember understands the aunt	singular	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objrel	The uncle the aunts avoid admires the friend	singular	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objrel	The uncle the aunts avoid knows the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoids	know
objrel	The uncle the aunts greet confuses the woman	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel	The uncle the boys inspire admires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objrel	The uncle the carpenters encourage engages the boy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel	The uncle the carpenters engage knows the man	singular	plural	singular	engages	know
objrel	The uncle the carpenters know understands the poet	singular	plural	singular	knows	understand
objrel	The uncle the doctors criticize approves the kid	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel	The uncle the doctors encourage criticizes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel	The uncle the doctors observe approves the father	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel	The uncle the farmers criticize stimulates the mother	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objrel	The uncle the fathers admire remembers the teacher	singular	plural	singular	admires	remember
objrel	The uncle the fathers approve encourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objrel	The uncle the fathers encourage confuses the boy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objrel	The uncle the fathers inspire approves the doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objrel	The uncle the fathers observe engages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observes	engage
objrel	The uncle the friends know confuses the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel	The uncle the girls avoid greets the singer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objrel	The uncle the girls encourage approves the father	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel	The uncle the guys confuse stimulates the kid	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel	The uncle the guys remember avoids the boy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objrel	The uncle the lawyers encourage admires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objrel	The uncle the men approve remembers the mother	singular	plural	singular	approves	remember
objrel	The uncle the men engage encourages the friend	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel	The uncle the men greet criticizes the mother	singular	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objrel	The uncle the mothers admire discourages the friend	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel	The uncle the mothers confuse engages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel	The uncle the mothers know confuses the singer	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel	The uncle the poets confuse engages the man	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel	The uncle the poets criticize confuses the singer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objrel	The uncle the poets criticize inspires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel	The uncle the poets criticize observes the athlete	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel	The uncle the poets remember discourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objrel	The uncle the poets remember encourages the man	singular	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objrel	The uncle the poets understand avoids the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objrel	The uncle the poets understand stimulates the guy	singular	plural	singular	understands	stimulate
objrel	The uncle the singers avoid greets the poet	singular	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objrel	The uncle the singers discourage confuses the farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel	The uncle the teachers engage approves the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel	The uncle the teachers observe encourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objrel	The uncle the women discourage understands the boy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objrel	The uncle the women inspire engages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objrel	The uncle the women understand remembers the guy	singular	plural	singular	understands	remember
objrel	The victim the athletes admire criticizes the man	singular	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objrel	The victim the athletes observe inspires the farmer	singular	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objrel	The victim the boys understand engages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	understands	engage
objrel	The victim the carpenters encourage observes the friend	singular	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objrel	The victim the doctors admire confuses the farmer	singular	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objrel	The victim the farmers approve avoids the uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objrel	The victim the farmers avoid understands the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel	The victim the farmers confuse engages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel	The victim the farmers criticize approves the athlete	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel	The victim the farmers know stimulates the kid	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel	The victim the farmers remember observes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objrel	The victim the fathers observe discourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel	The victim the fathers understand encourages the girl	singular	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objrel	The victim the friends encourage observes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objrel	The victim the friends engage greets the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engages	greet
objrel	The victim the friends greet engages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	greets	engage
objrel	The victim the girls criticize stimulates the guy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objrel	The victim the girls discourage criticizes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objrel	The victim the girls engage admires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	engages	admire
objrel	The victim the girls remember criticizes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objrel	The victim the girls stimulate admires the poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objrel	The victim the girls understand remembers the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	understands	remember
objrel	The victim the guys discourage avoids the kid	singular	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objrel	The victim the guys greet avoids the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objrel	The victim the guys inspire admires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objrel	The victim the kids criticize knows the teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objrel	The victim the lawyers approve avoids the athlete	singular	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objrel	The victim the lawyers encourage stimulates the singer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel	The victim the lawyers stimulate criticizes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objrel	The victim the lawyers stimulate remembers the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objrel	The victim the lawyers understand greets the farmer	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel	The victim the men greet admires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	greets	admire
objrel	The victim the men inspire admires the friend	singular	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objrel	The victim the men understand engages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	understands	engage
objrel	The victim the mothers observe knows the teacher	singular	plural	singular	observes	know
objrel	The victim the poets admire inspires the singer	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel	The victim the poets inspire remembers the guy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objrel	The victim the singers criticize knows the mother	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objrel	The victim the singers know confuses the girl	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel	The victim the teachers admire knows the boy	singular	plural	singular	admires	know
objrel	The victim the teachers discourage engages the kid	singular	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objrel	The victim the teachers greet observes the boy	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel	The victim the uncles admire inspires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel	The victim the uncles criticize remembers the father	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	remember
objrel	The victim the uncles stimulate encourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel	The victim the uncles stimulate greets the friend	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objrel	The victim the women criticize admires the girl	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objrel	The victim the women stimulate encourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel	The victim the women understand admires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	understands	admire
objrel	The woman the athletes avoid engages the singer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objrel	The woman the aunts admire avoids the man	singular	plural	singular	admires	avoid
objrel	The woman the aunts criticize discourages the friend	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objrel	The woman the aunts know remembers the uncle	singular	plural	singular	knows	remember
objrel	The woman the boys engage discourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel	The woman the boys remember encourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objrel	The woman the farmers avoid encourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objrel	The woman the farmers discourage inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objrel	The woman the farmers encourage criticizes the kid	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel	The woman the fathers approve understands the girl	singular	plural	singular	approves	understand
objrel	The woman the fathers observe avoids the aunt	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel	The woman the friends admire discourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel	The woman the friends avoid understands the girl	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel	The woman the friends criticize remembers the poet	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	remember
objrel	The woman the friends observe discourages the man	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel	The woman the guys approve engages the girl	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel	The woman the guys inspire avoids the father	singular	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objrel	The woman the guys observe admires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	observes	admire
objrel	The woman the kids encourage approves the father	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel	The woman the lawyers approve avoids the teacher	singular	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objrel	The woman the lawyers avoid engages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objrel	The woman the lawyers encourage knows the farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel	The woman the men discourage encourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objrel	The woman the mothers encourage avoids the father	singular	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objrel	The woman the poets admire discourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel	The woman the poets criticize admires the mother	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objrel	The woman the poets encourage admires the singer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objrel	The woman the poets greet encourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel	The woman the singers encourage stimulates the aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel	The woman the teachers encourage avoids the poet	singular	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objrel	The woman the teachers engage knows the poet	singular	plural	singular	engages	know
objrel	The woman the teachers engage understands the athlete	singular	plural	singular	engages	understand
objrel	The woman the teachers know criticizes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel	The woman the teachers remember discourages the man	singular	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objrel	The woman the uncles confuse engages the boy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel	The woman the uncles engage observes the guy	singular	plural	singular	engages	observe
objrel	The woman the uncles observe confuses the farmer	singular	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objrel	The woman the victims approve encourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objrel	The athlete the aunts avoid understands the farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	understand
objrel	The athlete the aunts inspire observes the women	singular	plural	plural	inspires	observe
objrel	The athlete the aunts understand encourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	encourage
objrel	The athlete the boys stimulate discourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	discourage
objrel	The athlete the carpenters criticize inspires the boys	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel	The athlete the carpenters encourage discourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	encourages	discourage
objrel	The athlete the carpenters greet observes the men	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel	The athlete the carpenters inspire observes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	observe
objrel	The athlete the carpenters understand stimulates the poets	singular	plural	plural	understands	stimulate
objrel	The athlete the fathers stimulate approves the doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	approve
objrel	The athlete the friends confuse observes the guys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	observe
objrel	The athlete the friends confuse understands the singers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	understand
objrel	The athlete the friends criticize engages the girls	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	engage
objrel	The athlete the girls avoid encourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel	The athlete the girls encourage remembers the aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourages	remember
objrel	The athlete the guys engage encourages the women	singular	plural	plural	engages	encourage
objrel	The athlete the guys know criticizes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	knows	criticize
objrel	The athlete the guys know stimulates the kids	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel	The athlete the guys remember greets the uncles	singular	plural	plural	remembers	greet
objrel	The athlete the kids admire approves the singers	singular	plural	plural	admires	approve
objrel	The athlete the kids approve observes the friends	singular	plural	plural	approves	observe
objrel	The athlete the kids greet criticizes the guys	singular	plural	plural	greets	criticize
objrel	The athlete the kids observe stimulates the guys	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel	The athlete the kids stimulate discourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	discourage
objrel	The athlete the lawyers criticize admires the boys	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	admire
objrel	The athlete the lawyers inspire greets the guys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel	The athlete the lawyers remember avoids the poets	singular	plural	plural	remembers	avoid
objrel	The athlete the men observe stimulates the doctors	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel	The athlete the mothers avoid approves the guys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	approve
objrel	The athlete the mothers discourage greets the aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel	The athlete the mothers engage criticizes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel	The athlete the poets admire encourages the women	singular	plural	plural	admires	encourage
objrel	The athlete the singers avoid knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel	The athlete the singers confuse observes the girls	singular	plural	plural	confuses	observe
objrel	The athlete the singers engage inspires the boys	singular	plural	plural	engages	inspire
objrel	The athlete the singers greet understands the mothers	singular	plural	plural	greets	understand
objrel	The athlete the singers stimulate criticizes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	criticize
objrel	The athlete the teachers discourage criticizes the poets	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel	The athlete the teachers greet avoids the boys	singular	plural	plural	greets	avoid
objrel	The athlete the uncles encourage approves the kids	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel	The athlete the uncles engage observes the kids	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel	The athlete the uncles inspire knows the mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel	The athlete the victims criticize inspires the men	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel	The athlete the victims engage stimulates the singers	singular	plural	plural	engages	stimulate
objrel	The athlete the victims greet observes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel	The athlete the victims know stimulates the friends	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel	The athlete the women confuse admires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	admire
objrel	The athlete the women criticize admires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	admire
objrel	The aunt the athletes admire encourages the women	singular	plural	plural	admires	encourage
objrel	The aunt the athletes discourage engages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel	The aunt the boys avoid encourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel	The aunt the boys encourage remembers the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	remember
objrel	The aunt the boys know admires the guys	singular	plural	plural	knows	admire
objrel	The aunt the boys remember encourages the friends	singular	plural	plural	remembers	encourage
objrel	The aunt the boys remember understands the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel	The aunt the boys stimulate approves the men	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	approve
objrel	The aunt the carpenters confuse greets the mothers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	greet
objrel	The aunt the carpenters inspire understands the farmers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	understand
objrel	The aunt the carpenters know discourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	knows	discourage
objrel	The aunt the carpenters remember approves the boys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	approve
objrel	The aunt the doctors approve remembers the uncles	singular	plural	plural	approves	remember
objrel	The aunt the doctors criticize discourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	discourage
objrel	The aunt the doctors greet engages the friends	singular	plural	plural	greets	engage
objrel	The aunt the doctors inspire approves the girls	singular	plural	plural	inspires	approve
objrel	The aunt the doctors inspire engages the guys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel	The aunt the doctors remember knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel	The aunt the farmers avoid observes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoids	observe
objrel	The aunt the fathers greet stimulates the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	greets	stimulate
objrel	The aunt the friends encourage avoids the women	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel	The aunt the girls confuse engages the victims	singular	plural	plural	confuses	engage
objrel	The aunt the girls greet understands the men	singular	plural	plural	greets	understand
objrel	The aunt the girls understand knows the athletes	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel	The aunt the guys discourage greets the farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel	The aunt the kids engage encourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	engages	encourage
objrel	The aunt the kids inspire stimulates the athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspires	stimulate
objrel	The aunt the kids observe engages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	observes	engage
objrel	The aunt the kids stimulate confuses the friends	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel	The aunt the lawyers approve greets the men	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel	The aunt the men avoid engages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	engage
objrel	The aunt the men confuse engages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuses	engage
objrel	The aunt the men greet stimulates the teachers	singular	plural	plural	greets	stimulate
objrel	The aunt the men remember understands the farmers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel	The aunt the mothers stimulate criticizes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	criticize
objrel	The aunt the mothers understand criticizes the guys	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel	The aunt the poets confuse engages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	engage
objrel	The aunt the poets discourage greets the victims	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel	The aunt the singers admire stimulates the poets	singular	plural	plural	admires	stimulate
objrel	The aunt the teachers admire greets the men	singular	plural	plural	admires	greet
objrel	The aunt the teachers greet remembers the poets	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel	The aunt the teachers know observes the victims	singular	plural	plural	knows	observe
objrel	The aunt the uncles avoid encourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel	The aunt the uncles engage encourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	engages	encourage
objrel	The aunt the victims confuse criticizes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	criticize
objrel	The aunt the victims discourage engages the boys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel	The aunt the victims engage inspires the girls	singular	plural	plural	engages	inspire
objrel	The aunt the victims remember stimulates the kids	singular	plural	plural	remembers	stimulate
objrel	The aunt the women confuse admires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	confuses	admire
objrel	The boy the athletes avoid understands the teachers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	understand
objrel	The boy the athletes engage greets the singers	singular	plural	plural	engages	greet
objrel	The boy the aunts avoid criticizes the victims	singular	plural	plural	avoids	criticize
objrel	The boy the aunts know encourages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	knows	encourage
objrel	The boy the aunts know engages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel	The boy the aunts stimulate avoids the friends	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	avoid
objrel	The boy the carpenters observe confuses the guys	singular	plural	plural	observes	confuse
objrel	The boy the doctors confuse approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	confuses	approve
objrel	The boy the doctors greet discourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel	The boy the doctors remember observes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	observe
objrel	The boy the farmers admire greets the guys	singular	plural	plural	admires	greet
objrel	The boy the farmers criticize stimulates the fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel	The boy the farmers understand remembers the guys	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel	The boy the fathers confuse avoids the kids	singular	plural	plural	confuses	avoid
objrel	The boy the fathers confuse encourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuses	encourage
objrel	The boy the fathers criticize avoids the victims	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	avoid
objrel	The boy the friends engage remembers the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engages	remember
objrel	The boy the guys admire discourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	admires	discourage
objrel	The boy the guys remember observes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	remembers	observe
objrel	The boy the kids discourage encourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	encourage
objrel	The boy the lawyers admire inspires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	admires	inspire
objrel	The boy the lawyers confuse engages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	engage
objrel	The boy the lawyers discourage criticizes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel	The boy the lawyers stimulate avoids the fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	avoid
objrel	The boy the men admire criticizes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	admires	criticize
objrel	The boy the men avoid criticizes the guys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	criticize
objrel	The boy the mothers greet criticizes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	greets	criticize
objrel	The boy the poets admire engages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	admires	engage
objrel	The boy the poets admire knows the fathers	singular	plural	plural	admires	know
objrel	The boy the poets remember admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	remembers	admire
objrel	The boy the singers criticize admires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	admire
objrel	The boy the singers encourage understands the kids	singular	plural	plural	encourages	understand
objrel	The boy the singers understand engages the victims	singular	plural	plural	understands	engage
objrel	The boy the teachers approve discourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel	The boy the teachers approve remembers the kids	singular	plural	plural	approves	remember
objrel	The boy the uncles inspire avoids the aunts	singular	plural	plural	inspires	avoid
objrel	The boy the women criticize greets the aunts	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel	The boy the women criticize observes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	observe
objrel	The boy the women engage knows the doctors	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel	The carpenter the athletes avoid criticizes the kids	singular	plural	plural	avoids	criticize
objrel	The carpenter the athletes avoid engages the friends	singular	plural	plural	avoids	engage
objrel	The carpenter the athletes inspire stimulates the fathers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	stimulate
objrel	The carpenter the boys stimulate admires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	admire
objrel	The carpenter the farmers inspire greets the fathers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel	The carpenter the fathers engage approves the victims	singular	plural	plural	engages	approve
objrel	The carpenter the fathers remember stimulates the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	stimulate
objrel	The carpenter the friends avoid knows the singers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel	The carpenter the friends criticize remembers the uncles	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	remember
objrel	The carpenter the friends discourage engages the victims	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel	The carpenter the friends encourage understands the men	singular	plural	plural	encourages	understand
objrel	The carpenter the friends know approves the women	singular	plural	plural	knows	approve
objrel	The carpenter the friends stimulate discourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	discourage
objrel	The carpenter the friends understand inspires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	understands	inspire
objrel	The carpenter the guys admire engages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	admires	engage
objrel	The carpenter the guys confuse observes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	observe
objrel	The carpenter the guys discourage greets the girls	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel	The carpenter the guys engage approves the women	singular	plural	plural	engages	approve
objrel	The carpenter the guys greet avoids the aunts	singular	plural	plural	greets	avoid
objrel	The carpenter the kids discourage knows the victims	singular	plural	plural	discourages	know
objrel	The carpenter the kids understand knows the poets	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel	The carpenter the lawyers criticize observes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	observe
objrel	The carpenter the lawyers greet approves the mothers	singular	plural	plural	greets	approve
objrel	The carpenter the men engage approves the victims	singular	plural	plural	engages	approve
objrel	The carpenter the men know stimulates the poets	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel	The carpenter the mothers discourage engages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel	The carpenter the mothers observe knows the kids	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel	The carpenter the mothers stimulate inspires the girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	inspire
objrel	The carpenter the poets engage encourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	engages	encourage
objrel	The carpenter the poets inspire remembers the kids	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel	The carpenter the singers avoid admires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	admire
objrel	The carpenter the singers avoid knows the girls	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel	The carpenter the singers criticize stimulates the teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel	The carpenter the singers remember encourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	remembers	encourage
objrel	The carpenter the singers stimulate criticizes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	criticize
objrel	The carpenter the teachers admire observes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel	The carpenter the teachers remember inspires the singers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	inspire
objrel	The carpenter the uncles admire observes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel	The carpenter the uncles discourage engages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel	The carpenter the uncles inspire greets the girls	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel	The carpenter the uncles stimulate understands the mothers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel	The carpenter the uncles stimulate understands the singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel	The carpenter the uncles understand engages the men	singular	plural	plural	understands	engage
objrel	The carpenter the uncles understand remembers the singers	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel	The carpenter the victims discourage encourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	encourage
objrel	The carpenter the victims greet knows the poets	singular	plural	plural	greets	know
objrel	The carpenter the victims inspire confuses the poets	singular	plural	plural	inspires	confuse
objrel	The carpenter the women know admires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	knows	admire
objrel	The carpenter the women observe approves the singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	approve
objrel	The doctor the athletes greet understands the friends	singular	plural	plural	greets	understand
objrel	The doctor the athletes stimulate observes the boys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	observe
objrel	The doctor the aunts remember avoids the girls	singular	plural	plural	remembers	avoid
objrel	The doctor the aunts understand discourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel	The doctor the boys criticize avoids the aunts	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	avoid
objrel	The doctor the boys criticize understands the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	understand
objrel	The doctor the carpenters criticize encourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel	The doctor the carpenters inspire understands the boys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	understand
objrel	The doctor the farmers avoid discourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel	The doctor the farmers engage stimulates the women	singular	plural	plural	engages	stimulate
objrel	The doctor the fathers admire engages the women	singular	plural	plural	admires	engage
objrel	The doctor the fathers discourage admires the girls	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel	The doctor the fathers discourage knows the friends	singular	plural	plural	discourages	know
objrel	The doctor the fathers remember observes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	observe
objrel	The doctor the friends criticize approves the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	approve
objrel	The doctor the friends criticize confuses the athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	confuse
objrel	The doctor the friends discourage inspires the victims	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel	The doctor the friends encourage greets the singers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	greet
objrel	The doctor the friends greet knows the men	singular	plural	plural	greets	know
objrel	The doctor the friends know greets the victims	singular	plural	plural	knows	greet
objrel	The doctor the friends remember engages the victims	singular	plural	plural	remembers	engage
objrel	The doctor the guys discourage avoids the fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	avoid
objrel	The doctor the guys encourage admires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	admire
objrel	The doctor the guys greet observes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel	The doctor the kids approve understands the victims	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel	The doctor the kids avoid remembers the friends	singular	plural	plural	avoids	remember
objrel	The doctor the kids inspire knows the farmers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel	The doctor the kids understand observes the boys	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel	The doctor the lawyers approve inspires the men	singular	plural	plural	approves	inspire
objrel	The doctor the lawyers criticize greets the friends	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel	The doctor the lawyers criticize greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel	The doctor the lawyers inspire greets the guys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel	The doctor the lawyers inspire greets the singers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel	The doctor the lawyers remember admires the men	singular	plural	plural	remembers	admire
objrel	The doctor the lawyers remember knows the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel	The doctor the men approve inspires the boys	singular	plural	plural	approves	inspire
objrel	The doctor the men inspire confuses the singers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	confuse
objrel	The doctor the men remember knows the farmers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel	The doctor the mothers admire knows the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admires	know
objrel	The doctor the mothers admire stimulates the farmers	singular	plural	plural	admires	stimulate
objrel	The doctor the poets engage admires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	engages	admire
objrel	The doctor the poets remember criticizes the men	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel	The doctor the poets stimulate observes the fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	observe
objrel	The doctor the singers approve criticizes the guys	singular	plural	plural	approves	criticize
objrel	The doctor the singers avoid greets the farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel	The doctor the singers criticize observes the men	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	observe
objrel	The doctor the singers know avoids the men	singular	plural	plural	knows	avoid
objrel	The doctor the singers observe engages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	observes	engage
objrel	The doctor the singers observe engages the victims	singular	plural	plural	observes	engage
objrel	The doctor the teachers engage inspires the mothers	singular	plural	plural	engages	inspire
objrel	The doctor the uncles criticize avoids the victims	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	avoid
objrel	The doctor the uncles encourage understands the girls	singular	plural	plural	encourages	understand
objrel	The doctor the uncles inspire greets the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel	The doctor the uncles know admires the girls	singular	plural	plural	knows	admire
objrel	The doctor the victims criticize inspires the friends	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel	The doctor the victims understand knows the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel	The doctor the women discourage stimulates the kids	singular	plural	plural	discourages	stimulate
objrel	The doctor the women understand observes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel	The farmer the athletes encourage approves the doctors	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel	The farmer the aunts approve engages the boys	singular	plural	plural	approves	engage
objrel	The farmer the aunts avoid admires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	admire
objrel	The farmer the aunts stimulate admires the women	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	admire
objrel	The farmer the carpenters admire discourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	admires	discourage
objrel	The farmer the carpenters admire inspires the men	singular	plural	plural	admires	inspire
objrel	The farmer the carpenters confuse observes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	observe
objrel	The farmer the carpenters discourage stimulates the teachers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	stimulate
objrel	The farmer the carpenters greet admires the girls	singular	plural	plural	greets	admire
objrel	The farmer the doctors avoid confuses the athletes	singular	plural	plural	avoids	confuse
objrel	The farmer the doctors avoid greets the mothers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel	The farmer the fathers encourage engages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	engage
objrel	The farmer the fathers engage criticizes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel	The farmer the friends engage encourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	engages	encourage
objrel	The farmer the friends observe inspires the kids	singular	plural	plural	observes	inspire
objrel	The farmer the friends remember approves the men	singular	plural	plural	remembers	approve
objrel	The farmer the friends remember criticizes the women	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel	The farmer the friends remember encourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	encourage
objrel	The farmer the girls greet discourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel	The farmer the girls inspire greets the fathers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel	The farmer the girls inspire understands the poets	singular	plural	plural	inspires	understand
objrel	The farmer the girls stimulate admires the boys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	admire
objrel	The farmer the guys confuse engages the boys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	engage
objrel	The farmer the guys criticize knows the uncles	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	know
objrel	The farmer the guys criticize stimulates the kids	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel	The farmer the guys inspire understands the kids	singular	plural	plural	inspires	understand
objrel	The farmer the guys observe criticizes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	observes	criticize
objrel	The farmer the lawyers encourage inspires the women	singular	plural	plural	encourages	inspire
objrel	The farmer the lawyers remember stimulates the aunts	singular	plural	plural	remembers	stimulate
objrel	The farmer the men approve observes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	approves	observe
objrel	The farmer the men avoid criticizes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	avoids	criticize
objrel	The farmer the men avoid greets the mothers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel	The farmer the men inspire understands the friends	singular	plural	plural	inspires	understand
objrel	The farmer the men observe understands the poets	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel	The farmer the mothers encourage understands the victims	singular	plural	plural	encourages	understand
objrel	The farmer the mothers greet observes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel	The farmer the mothers inspire stimulates the boys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	stimulate
objrel	The farmer the mothers know stimulates the victims	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel	The farmer the poets admire greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	admires	greet
objrel	The farmer the poets approve observes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	approves	observe
objrel	The farmer the poets remember discourages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	discourage
objrel	The farmer the singers criticize inspires the girls	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel	The farmer the singers greet observes the fathers	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel	The farmer the teachers greet approves the women	singular	plural	plural	greets	approve
objrel	The farmer the teachers greet discourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel	The farmer the teachers know remembers the kids	singular	plural	plural	knows	remember
objrel	The farmer the teachers stimulate observes the victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	observe
objrel	The farmer the uncles encourage greets the kids	singular	plural	plural	encourages	greet
objrel	The farmer the uncles know stimulates the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel	The farmer the victims confuse approves the guys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	approve
objrel	The farmer the victims discourage stimulates the poets	singular	plural	plural	discourages	stimulate
objrel	The farmer the victims encourage inspires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourages	inspire
objrel	The farmer the victims greet confuses the boys	singular	plural	plural	greets	confuse
objrel	The farmer the victims inspire remembers the girls	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel	The farmer the women remember admires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	remembers	admire
objrel	The father the athletes confuse observes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	observe
objrel	The father the athletes stimulate criticizes the girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	criticize
objrel	The father the aunts admire greets the victims	singular	plural	plural	admires	greet
objrel	The father the aunts confuse discourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	discourage
objrel	The father the aunts greet approves the friends	singular	plural	plural	greets	approve
objrel	The father the aunts know confuses the teachers	singular	plural	plural	knows	confuse
objrel	The father the boys admire engages the poets	singular	plural	plural	admires	engage
objrel	The father the carpenters discourage knows the singers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	know
objrel	The father the carpenters greet discourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel	The father the carpenters understand avoids the aunts	singular	plural	plural	understands	avoid
objrel	The father the doctors discourage engages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel	The father the doctors greet inspires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	greets	inspire
objrel	The father the doctors know engages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel	The father the doctors remember greets the boys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	greet
objrel	The father the doctors stimulate greets the victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel	The father the farmers admire criticizes the victims	singular	plural	plural	admires	criticize
objrel	The father the farmers avoid understands the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	understand
objrel	The father the farmers criticize encourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel	The father the farmers observe criticizes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	observes	criticize
objrel	The father the girls criticize knows the farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	know
objrel	The father the guys encourage remembers the men	singular	plural	plural	encourages	remember
objrel	The father the guys stimulate confuses the victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel	The father the kids observe greets the victims	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel	The father the kids stimulate engages the poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	engage
objrel	The father the lawyers remember admires the victims	singular	plural	plural	remembers	admire
objrel	The father the men inspire engages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel	The father the mothers engage knows the teachers	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel	The father the mothers greet remembers the women	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel	The father the mothers inspire discourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel	The father the poets admire engages the boys	singular	plural	plural	admires	engage
objrel	The father the poets know criticizes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	knows	criticize
objrel	The father the poets observe greets the athletes	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel	The father the poets remember encourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	remembers	encourage
objrel	The father the poets remember understands the teachers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel	The father the poets stimulate knows the doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel	The father the poets understand avoids the aunts	singular	plural	plural	understands	avoid
objrel	The father the singers approve encourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel	The father the singers discourage approves the farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel	The father the singers encourage admires the victims	singular	plural	plural	encourages	admire
objrel	The father the singers engage greets the women	singular	plural	plural	engages	greet
objrel	The father the singers know confuses the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	knows	confuse
objrel	The father the teachers admire engages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	admires	engage
objrel	The father the teachers avoid knows the women	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel	The father the teachers engage inspires the girls	singular	plural	plural	engages	inspire
objrel	The father the teachers greet knows the poets	singular	plural	plural	greets	know
objrel	The father the teachers remember confuses the boys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	confuse
objrel	The father the uncles stimulate avoids the girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	avoid
objrel	The father the victims admire discourages the men	singular	plural	plural	admires	discourage
objrel	The father the victims approve admires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	approves	admire
objrel	The father the victims approve stimulates the doctors	singular	plural	plural	approves	stimulate
objrel	The father the victims engage discourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	engages	discourage
objrel	The father the victims know avoids the guys	singular	plural	plural	knows	avoid
objrel	The father the victims observe admires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	observes	admire
objrel	The father the victims stimulate greets the mothers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel	The friend the athletes greet remembers the aunts	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel	The friend the athletes understand knows the doctors	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel	The friend the boys admire avoids the men	singular	plural	plural	admires	avoid
objrel	The friend the boys confuse understands the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	confuses	understand
objrel	The friend the boys greet remembers the kids	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel	The friend the carpenters criticize engages the victims	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	engage
objrel	The friend the carpenters encourage admires the boys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	admire
objrel	The friend the carpenters stimulate observes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	observe
objrel	The friend the doctors admire discourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	admires	discourage
objrel	The friend the doctors approve inspires the poets	singular	plural	plural	approves	inspire
objrel	The friend the doctors observe remembers the girls	singular	plural	plural	observes	remember
objrel	The friend the farmers stimulate approves the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	approve
objrel	The friend the fathers greet observes the boys	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel	The friend the fathers inspire knows the singers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel	The friend the fathers stimulate understands the teachers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel	The friend the fathers understand greets the girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	greet
objrel	The friend the girls encourage approves the guys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel	The friend the kids confuse approves the teachers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	approve
objrel	The friend the kids inspire engages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel	The friend the kids observe criticizes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	observes	criticize
objrel	The friend the lawyers admire observes the boys	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel	The friend the lawyers approve encourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel	The friend the lawyers encourage avoids the poets	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel	The friend the mothers understand stimulates the guys	singular	plural	plural	understands	stimulate
objrel	The friend the poets admire encourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	admires	encourage
objrel	The friend the poets encourage observes the victims	singular	plural	plural	encourages	observe
objrel	The friend the singers discourage engages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel	The friend the singers remember stimulates the fathers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	stimulate
objrel	The friend the uncles approve observes the singers	singular	plural	plural	approves	observe
objrel	The friend the uncles understand remembers the mothers	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel	The friend the women admire criticizes the fathers	singular	plural	plural	admires	criticize
objrel	The girl the aunts understand confuses the uncles	singular	plural	plural	understands	confuse
objrel	The girl the boys discourage confuses the guys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	confuse
objrel	The girl the carpenters discourage approves the kids	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel	The girl the carpenters inspire confuses the aunts	singular	plural	plural	inspires	confuse
objrel	The girl the carpenters inspire engages the friends	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel	The girl the carpenters remember observes the women	singular	plural	plural	remembers	observe
objrel	The girl the carpenters stimulate admires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	admire
objrel	The girl the doctors avoid engages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	avoids	engage
objrel	The girl the doctors engage knows the boys	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel	The girl the doctors engage stimulates the mothers	singular	plural	plural	engages	stimulate
objrel	The girl the doctors know observes the boys	singular	plural	plural	knows	observe
objrel	The girl the farmers criticize stimulates the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel	The girl the farmers greet understands the women	singular	plural	plural	greets	understand
objrel	The girl the farmers stimulate discourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	discourage
objrel	The girl the friends inspire remembers the kids	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel	The girl the friends remember confuses the boys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	confuse
objrel	The girl the friends remember encourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	encourage
objrel	The girl the guys criticize engages the singers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	engage
objrel	The girl the guys criticize observes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	observe
objrel	The girl the kids inspire encourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	encourage
objrel	The girl the lawyers admire understands the kids	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel	The girl the lawyers criticize understands the singers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	understand
objrel	The girl the lawyers engage admires the friends	singular	plural	plural	engages	admire
objrel	The girl the lawyers understand knows the friends	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel	The girl the men greet criticizes the women	singular	plural	plural	greets	criticize
objrel	The girl the mothers greet engages the women	singular	plural	plural	greets	engage
objrel	The girl the mothers inspire discourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel	The girl the mothers stimulate approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	approve
objrel	The girl the poets encourage knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	know
objrel	The girl the poets remember encourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	encourage
objrel	The girl the singers avoid understands the kids	singular	plural	plural	avoids	understand
objrel	The girl the singers observe remembers the mothers	singular	plural	plural	observes	remember
objrel	The girl the teachers observe remembers the singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	remember
objrel	The girl the teachers remember engages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	engage
objrel	The girl the uncles observe admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	observes	admire
objrel	The girl the victims criticize encourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel	The girl the victims criticize engages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	engage
objrel	The girl the victims engage observes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel	The girl the victims inspire confuses the guys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	confuse
objrel	The girl the women admire understands the kids	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel	The girl the women avoid greets the uncles	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel	The guy the athletes approve avoids the friends	singular	plural	plural	approves	avoid
objrel	The guy the athletes discourage engages the boys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel	The guy the athletes encourage admires the poets	singular	plural	plural	encourages	admire
objrel	The guy the athletes greet encourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greets	encourage
objrel	The guy the athletes inspire encourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	inspires	encourage
objrel	The guy the athletes understand observes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel	The guy the boys encourage understands the aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourages	understand
objrel	The guy the boys remember approves the singers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	approve
objrel	The guy the boys remember approves the victims	singular	plural	plural	remembers	approve
objrel	The guy the carpenters confuse inspires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel	The guy the doctors admire criticizes the singers	singular	plural	plural	admires	criticize
objrel	The guy the doctors engage stimulates the mothers	singular	plural	plural	engages	stimulate
objrel	The guy the fathers approve admires the girls	singular	plural	plural	approves	admire
objrel	The guy the fathers inspire encourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	encourage
objrel	The guy the fathers stimulate greets the athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel	The guy the friends criticize inspires the mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel	The guy the lawyers avoid approves the girls	singular	plural	plural	avoids	approve
objrel	The guy the lawyers confuse inspires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel	The guy the lawyers greet engages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	greets	engage
objrel	The guy the lawyers stimulate admires the men	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	admire
objrel	The guy the men encourage observes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	observe
objrel	The guy the men engage understands the girls	singular	plural	plural	engages	understand
objrel	The guy the men inspire stimulates the poets	singular	plural	plural	inspires	stimulate
objrel	The guy the mothers approve knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approves	know
objrel	The guy the mothers discourage admires the friends	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel	The guy the mothers know admires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	knows	admire
objrel	The guy the mothers stimulate discourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	discourage
objrel	The guy the mothers stimulate engages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	engage
objrel	The guy the poets avoid encourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel	The guy the poets remember knows the aunts	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel	The guy the singers admire understands the kids	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel	The guy the singers discourage stimulates the athletes	singular	plural	plural	discourages	stimulate
objrel	The guy the singers inspire observes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	observe
objrel	The guy the singers understand observes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel	The guy the singers understand remembers the aunts	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel	The guy the teachers confuse inspires the victims	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel	The guy the uncles approve encourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel	The guy the victims approve knows the uncles	singular	plural	plural	approves	know
objrel	The guy the victims avoid knows the friends	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel	The guy the victims discourage inspires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel	The guy the victims understand admires the kids	singular	plural	plural	understands	admire
objrel	The guy the women know inspires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel	The kid the athletes criticize stimulates the singers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel	The kid the athletes remember inspires the singers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	inspire
objrel	The kid the athletes understand inspires the mothers	singular	plural	plural	understands	inspire
objrel	The kid the aunts approve confuses the victims	singular	plural	plural	approves	confuse
objrel	The kid the aunts discourage confuses the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	confuse
objrel	The kid the aunts know approves the men	singular	plural	plural	knows	approve
objrel	The kid the boys criticize encourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel	The kid the boys discourage inspires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel	The kid the carpenters greet inspires the victims	singular	plural	plural	greets	inspire
objrel	The kid the carpenters inspire remembers the men	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel	The kid the carpenters remember greets the singers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	greet
objrel	The kid the doctors approve engages the guys	singular	plural	plural	approves	engage
objrel	The kid the doctors approve knows the friends	singular	plural	plural	approves	know
objrel	The kid the doctors encourage inspires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	inspire
objrel	The kid the doctors inspire greets the girls	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel	The kid the farmers observe knows the mothers	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel	The kid the fathers confuse greets the women	singular	plural	plural	confuses	greet
objrel	The kid the fathers engage avoids the singers	singular	plural	plural	engages	avoid
objrel	The kid the fathers inspire greets the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel	The kid the fathers observe avoids the mothers	singular	plural	plural	observes	avoid
objrel	The kid the friends confuse stimulates the mothers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	stimulate
objrel	The kid the friends discourage engages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel	The kid the friends engage avoids the women	singular	plural	plural	engages	avoid
objrel	The kid the girls criticize engages the women	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	engage
objrel	The kid the girls encourage greets the aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourages	greet
objrel	The kid the guys approve avoids the fathers	singular	plural	plural	approves	avoid
objrel	The kid the guys approve stimulates the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approves	stimulate
objrel	The kid the guys confuse admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuses	admire
objrel	The kid the guys discourage approves the singers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel	The kid the guys encourage stimulates the aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourages	stimulate
objrel	The kid the lawyers encourage avoids the uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel	The kid the lawyers greet stimulates the friends	singular	plural	plural	greets	stimulate
objrel	The kid the lawyers stimulate inspires the women	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	inspire
objrel	The kid the men approve confuses the singers	singular	plural	plural	approves	confuse
objrel	The kid the men discourage approves the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel	The kid the mothers approve greets the aunts	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel	The kid the mothers avoid confuses the farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	confuse
objrel	The kid the mothers encourage avoids the teachers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel	The kid the mothers know avoids the victims	singular	plural	plural	knows	avoid
objrel	The kid the singers avoid inspires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel	The kid the teachers avoid discourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel	The kid the teachers avoid understands the women	singular	plural	plural	avoids	understand
objrel	The kid the teachers observe understands the mothers	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel	The kid the teachers remember understands the farmers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel	The kid the teachers stimulate criticizes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	criticize
objrel	The kid the uncles encourage stimulates the guys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	stimulate
objrel	The kid the uncles engage approves the men	singular	plural	plural	engages	approve
objrel	The kid the uncles know criticizes the girls	singular	plural	plural	knows	criticize
objrel	The kid the victims admire remembers the poets	singular	plural	plural	admires	remember
objrel	The kid the victims confuse approves the farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	approve
objrel	The kid the victims observe admires the singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	admire
objrel	The kid the victims understand inspires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	understands	inspire
objrel	The kid the victims understand knows the boys	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel	The kid the women admire approves the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admires	approve
objrel	The kid the women avoid discourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel	The kid the women understand criticizes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the athletes criticize greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel	The lawyer the athletes encourage engages the women	singular	plural	plural	encourages	engage
objrel	The lawyer the athletes encourage understands the friends	singular	plural	plural	encourages	understand
objrel	The lawyer the athletes know encourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	knows	encourage
objrel	The lawyer the aunts admire knows the men	singular	plural	plural	admires	know
objrel	The lawyer the aunts approve greets the victims	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel	The lawyer the aunts criticize understands the uncles	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	understand
objrel	The lawyer the aunts know admires the friends	singular	plural	plural	knows	admire
objrel	The lawyer the aunts observe admires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	observes	admire
objrel	The lawyer the boys admire inspires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	admires	inspire
objrel	The lawyer the boys criticize discourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	discourage
objrel	The lawyer the boys encourage criticizes the victims	singular	plural	plural	encourages	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the carpenters admire criticizes the women	singular	plural	plural	admires	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the carpenters avoid criticizes the girls	singular	plural	plural	avoids	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the carpenters stimulate observes the poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	observe
objrel	The lawyer the carpenters understand stimulates the singers	singular	plural	plural	understands	stimulate
objrel	The lawyer the doctors know criticizes the friends	singular	plural	plural	knows	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the doctors observe engages the men	singular	plural	plural	observes	engage
objrel	The lawyer the doctors remember criticizes the girls	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the farmers criticize encourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel	The lawyer the farmers observe avoids the girls	singular	plural	plural	observes	avoid
objrel	The lawyer the farmers stimulate understands the friends	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel	The lawyer the fathers avoid engages the girls	singular	plural	plural	avoids	engage
objrel	The lawyer the fathers confuse greets the aunts	singular	plural	plural	confuses	greet
objrel	The lawyer the fathers criticize admires the friends	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	admire
objrel	The lawyer the fathers greet understands the athletes	singular	plural	plural	greets	understand
objrel	The lawyer the fathers remember engages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	remembers	engage
objrel	The lawyer the fathers understand observes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel	The lawyer the friends approve confuses the singers	singular	plural	plural	approves	confuse
objrel	The lawyer the friends confuse knows the athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuses	know
objrel	The lawyer the friends criticize greets the aunts	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel	The lawyer the girls criticize knows the fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	know
objrel	The lawyer the girls discourage criticizes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the girls encourage approves the doctors	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel	The lawyer the girls understand criticizes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the kids avoid confuses the mothers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	confuse
objrel	The lawyer the kids inspire discourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel	The lawyer the kids remember admires the poets	singular	plural	plural	remembers	admire
objrel	The lawyer the men confuse inspires the poets	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel	The lawyer the men know stimulates the kids	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel	The lawyer the poets discourage avoids the victims	singular	plural	plural	discourages	avoid
objrel	The lawyer the poets understand remembers the singers	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel	The lawyer the singers discourage admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel	The lawyer the singers understand criticizes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the teachers admire discourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	admires	discourage
objrel	The lawyer the teachers avoid approves the men	singular	plural	plural	avoids	approve
objrel	The lawyer the teachers observe confuses the fathers	singular	plural	plural	observes	confuse
objrel	The lawyer the teachers stimulate observes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	observe
objrel	The lawyer the uncles stimulate confuses the guys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel	The lawyer the victims confuse remembers the aunts	singular	plural	plural	confuses	remember
objrel	The lawyer the victims criticize observes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	observe
objrel	The lawyer the victims stimulate inspires the girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	inspire
objrel	The lawyer the women avoid discourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel	The lawyer the women greet admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	greets	admire
objrel	The lawyer the women greet understands the friends	singular	plural	plural	greets	understand
objrel	The lawyer the women inspire knows the kids	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel	The lawyer the women remember confuses the men	singular	plural	plural	remembers	confuse
objrel	The man the athletes admire greets the boys	singular	plural	plural	admires	greet
objrel	The man the athletes avoid inspires the friends	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel	The man the athletes engage understands the uncles	singular	plural	plural	engages	understand
objrel	The man the aunts understand encourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	understands	encourage
objrel	The man the boys avoid criticizes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	avoids	criticize
objrel	The man the carpenters admire confuses the doctors	singular	plural	plural	admires	confuse
objrel	The man the carpenters avoid encourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel	The man the carpenters avoid stimulates the athletes	singular	plural	plural	avoids	stimulate
objrel	The man the carpenters discourage criticizes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel	The man the doctors avoid stimulates the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	stimulate
objrel	The man the doctors confuse understands the guys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	understand
objrel	The man the doctors engage inspires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	engages	inspire
objrel	The man the farmers criticize encourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel	The man the farmers encourage avoids the friends	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel	The man the farmers know avoids the poets	singular	plural	plural	knows	avoid
objrel	The man the farmers observe admires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	observes	admire
objrel	The man the fathers remember criticizes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel	The man the fathers stimulate knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel	The man the friends understand knows the uncles	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel	The man the girls confuse observes the guys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	observe
objrel	The man the guys criticize approves the mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	approve
objrel	The man the guys encourage discourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	encourages	discourage
objrel	The man the guys know greets the singers	singular	plural	plural	knows	greet
objrel	The man the guys observe engages the women	singular	plural	plural	observes	engage
objrel	The man the kids admire observes the poets	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel	The man the kids approve knows the aunts	singular	plural	plural	approves	know
objrel	The man the kids encourage confuses the girls	singular	plural	plural	encourages	confuse
objrel	The man the lawyers admire remembers the women	singular	plural	plural	admires	remember
objrel	The man the lawyers approve stimulates the athletes	singular	plural	plural	approves	stimulate
objrel	The man the lawyers know confuses the aunts	singular	plural	plural	knows	confuse
objrel	The man the lawyers know encourages the friends	singular	plural	plural	knows	encourage
objrel	The man the mothers engage admires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	engages	admire
objrel	The man the mothers know remembers the athletes	singular	plural	plural	knows	remember
objrel	The man the mothers remember confuses the guys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	confuse
objrel	The man the poets avoid engages the friends	singular	plural	plural	avoids	engage
objrel	The man the poets engage understands the friends	singular	plural	plural	engages	understand
objrel	The man the poets inspire avoids the friends	singular	plural	plural	inspires	avoid
objrel	The man the poets remember greets the farmers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	greet
objrel	The man the poets remember knows the kids	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel	The man the poets stimulate engages the kids	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	engage
objrel	The man the singers approve knows the uncles	singular	plural	plural	approves	know
objrel	The man the singers avoid greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel	The man the singers discourage stimulates the fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	stimulate
objrel	The man the singers encourage stimulates the kids	singular	plural	plural	encourages	stimulate
objrel	The man the teachers discourage understands the kids	singular	plural	plural	discourages	understand
objrel	The man the teachers know engages the kids	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel	The man the teachers understand discourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel	The man the uncles confuse avoids the guys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	avoid
objrel	The man the uncles confuse observes the singers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	observe
objrel	The man the uncles observe encourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	observes	encourage
objrel	The man the uncles understand observes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel	The man the victims admire engages the poets	singular	plural	plural	admires	engage
objrel	The man the victims approve remembers the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approves	remember
objrel	The man the victims engage knows the mothers	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel	The man the victims stimulate confuses the teachers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel	The man the victims stimulate encourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	encourage
objrel	The man the victims stimulate understands the friends	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel	The man the victims understand engages the guys	singular	plural	plural	understands	engage
objrel	The man the victims understand engages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	understands	engage
objrel	The man the women criticize discourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	discourage
objrel	The man the women observe avoids the uncles	singular	plural	plural	observes	avoid
objrel	The mother the athletes stimulate discourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	discourage
objrel	The mother the boys confuse knows the athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuses	know
objrel	The mother the boys understand criticizes the men	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel	The mother the carpenters confuse criticizes the fathers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	criticize
objrel	The mother the carpenters understand knows the boys	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel	The mother the doctors admire criticizes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admires	criticize
objrel	The mother the doctors remember observes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	observe
objrel	The mother the doctors stimulate encourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	encourage
objrel	The mother the farmers engage admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	engages	admire
objrel	The mother the farmers observe criticizes the friends	singular	plural	plural	observes	criticize
objrel	The mother the fathers discourage confuses the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	confuse
objrel	The mother the fathers engage encourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	engages	encourage
objrel	The mother the fathers greet approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	greets	approve
objrel	The mother the friends approve knows the kids	singular	plural	plural	approves	know
objrel	The mother the friends greet remembers the poets	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel	The mother the friends know inspires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel	The mother the friends know observes the men	singular	plural	plural	knows	observe
objrel	The mother the friends remember observes the singers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	observe
objrel	The mother the girls avoid criticizes the singers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	criticize
objrel	The mother the girls criticize stimulates the men	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel	The mother the girls encourage greets the farmers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	greet
objrel	The mother the guys approve greets the friends	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel	The mother the guys approve stimulates the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approves	stimulate
objrel	The mother the guys confuse encourages the friends	singular	plural	plural	confuses	encourage
objrel	The mother the kids admire engages the girls	singular	plural	plural	admires	engage
objrel	The mother the kids confuse greets the athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuses	greet
objrel	The mother the kids encourage remembers the singers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	remember
objrel	The mother the kids know engages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel	The mother the kids understand remembers the fathers	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel	The mother the lawyers criticize stimulates the guys	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel	The mother the lawyers engage criticizes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel	The mother the lawyers know criticizes the fathers	singular	plural	plural	knows	criticize
objrel	The mother the men engage confuses the doctors	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel	The mother the men remember understands the women	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel	The mother the poets avoid approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	avoids	approve
objrel	The mother the poets criticize greets the kids	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel	The mother the poets engage understands the doctors	singular	plural	plural	engages	understand
objrel	The mother the poets remember encourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	remembers	encourage
objrel	The mother the singers approve criticizes the friends	singular	plural	plural	approves	criticize
objrel	The mother the singers engage understands the women	singular	plural	plural	engages	understand
objrel	The mother the singers know confuses the fathers	singular	plural	plural	knows	confuse
objrel	The mother the teachers avoid admires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoids	admire
objrel	The mother the teachers confuse criticizes the boys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	criticize
objrel	The mother the teachers greet remembers the boys	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel	The mother the uncles admire stimulates the kids	singular	plural	plural	admires	stimulate
objrel	The mother the victims criticize encourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel	The mother the victims engage remembers the friends	singular	plural	plural	engages	remember
objrel	The mother the victims engage understands the girls	singular	plural	plural	engages	understand
objrel	The mother the victims inspire knows the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel	The mother the victims know discourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	knows	discourage
objrel	The mother the victims remember stimulates the uncles	singular	plural	plural	remembers	stimulate
objrel	The poet the athletes confuse greets the singers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	greet
objrel	The poet the athletes encourage understands the uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourages	understand
objrel	The poet the aunts confuse stimulates the guys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	stimulate
objrel	The poet the aunts remember engages the friends	singular	plural	plural	remembers	engage
objrel	The poet the boys inspire approves the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	approve
objrel	The poet the boys know approves the women	singular	plural	plural	knows	approve
objrel	The poet the boys observe encourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	encourage
objrel	The poet the carpenters remember admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	remembers	admire
objrel	The poet the doctors avoid approves the mothers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	approve
objrel	The poet the doctors engage discourages the friends	singular	plural	plural	engages	discourage
objrel	The poet the doctors inspire knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel	The poet the doctors remember understands the kids	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel	The poet the farmers confuse approves the victims	singular	plural	plural	confuses	approve
objrel	The poet the farmers engage admires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	engages	admire
objrel	The poet the farmers engage approves the boys	singular	plural	plural	engages	approve
objrel	The poet the farmers remember inspires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	remembers	inspire
objrel	The poet the fathers remember encourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	remembers	encourage
objrel	The poet the fathers stimulate inspires the men	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	inspire
objrel	The poet the friends avoid inspires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel	The poet the friends confuse engages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	confuses	engage
objrel	The poet the friends stimulate understands the teachers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel	The poet the girls encourage inspires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourages	inspire
objrel	The poet the girls observe greets the guys	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel	The poet the girls understand inspires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	understands	inspire
objrel	The poet the guys admire confuses the athletes	singular	plural	plural	admires	confuse
objrel	The poet the guys discourage approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel	The poet the guys greet encourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	greets	encourage
objrel	The poet the guys know remembers the farmers	singular	plural	plural	knows	remember
objrel	The poet the kids admire confuses the uncles	singular	plural	plural	admires	confuse
objrel	The poet the lawyers avoid approves the doctors	singular	plural	plural	avoids	approve
objrel	The poet the lawyers avoid remembers the guys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	remember
objrel	The poet the lawyers encourage avoids the athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel	The poet the lawyers stimulate inspires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	inspire
objrel	The poet the lawyers stimulate knows the guys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel	The poet the lawyers understand confuses the guys	singular	plural	plural	understands	confuse
objrel	The poet the lawyers understand remembers the women	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel	The poet the men observe inspires the singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	inspire
objrel	The poet the men remember admires the singers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	admire
objrel	The poet the mothers discourage observes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	observe
objrel	The poet the mothers greet criticizes the kids	singular	plural	plural	greets	criticize
objrel	The poet the mothers remember knows the teachers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel	The poet the teachers discourage criticizes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel	The poet the teachers encourage approves the guys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel	The poet the uncles approve discourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel	The poet the uncles confuse avoids the athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuses	avoid
objrel	The poet the uncles stimulate encourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	encourage
objrel	The poet the victims approve admires the friends	singular	plural	plural	approves	admire
objrel	The poet the victims encourage avoids the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel	The poet the women avoid remembers the mothers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	remember
objrel	The singer the athletes admire avoids the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admires	avoid
objrel	The singer the athletes confuse greets the women	singular	plural	plural	confuses	greet
objrel	The singer the athletes encourage criticizes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourages	criticize
objrel	The singer the athletes encourage discourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	discourage
objrel	The singer the aunts observe knows the farmers	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel	The singer the boys confuse remembers the guys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	remember
objrel	The singer the boys encourage confuses the kids	singular	plural	plural	encourages	confuse
objrel	The singer the boys engage observes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel	The singer the boys inspire remembers the uncles	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel	The singer the boys know criticizes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	knows	criticize
objrel	The singer the boys know encourages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	knows	encourage
objrel	The singer the boys understand approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	understands	approve
objrel	The singer the carpenters avoid discourages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel	The singer the doctors approve admires the guys	singular	plural	plural	approves	admire
objrel	The singer the doctors understand admires the victims	singular	plural	plural	understands	admire
objrel	The singer the farmers discourage confuses the men	singular	plural	plural	discourages	confuse
objrel	The singer the farmers encourage admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	encourages	admire
objrel	The singer the farmers greet avoids the men	singular	plural	plural	greets	avoid
objrel	The singer the farmers understand inspires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	understands	inspire
objrel	The singer the fathers admire observes the victims	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel	The singer the fathers confuse inspires the victims	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel	The singer the fathers confuse observes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	observe
objrel	The singer the fathers observe inspires the men	singular	plural	plural	observes	inspire
objrel	The singer the fathers remember avoids the aunts	singular	plural	plural	remembers	avoid
objrel	The singer the fathers understand discourages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel	The singer the friends encourage stimulates the farmers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	stimulate
objrel	The singer the friends observe remembers the victims	singular	plural	plural	observes	remember
objrel	The singer the friends stimulate avoids the victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	avoid
objrel	The singer the girls greet discourages the women	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel	The singer the girls understand remembers the uncles	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel	The singer the guys encourage confuses the men	singular	plural	plural	encourages	confuse
objrel	The singer the guys greet observes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel	The singer the guys stimulate engages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	engage
objrel	The singer the kids encourage knows the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	encourages	know
objrel	The singer the kids greet encourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	greets	encourage
objrel	The singer the kids observe knows the women	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel	The singer the lawyers admire criticizes the poets	singular	plural	plural	admires	criticize
objrel	The singer the lawyers criticize discourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	discourage
objrel	The singer the lawyers greet remembers the women	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel	The singer the lawyers understand encourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	understands	encourage
objrel	The singer the men engage understands the guys	singular	plural	plural	engages	understand
objrel	The singer the mothers know inspires the poets	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel	The singer the mothers observe approves the poets	singular	plural	plural	observes	approve
objrel	The singer the poets inspire avoids the friends	singular	plural	plural	inspires	avoid
objrel	The singer the poets inspire discourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel	The singer the poets understand discourages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel	The singer the teachers engage approves the girls	singular	plural	plural	engages	approve
objrel	The singer the uncles approve knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approves	know
objrel	The singer the victims confuse engages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuses	engage
objrel	The singer the victims engage criticizes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel	The singer the women confuse engages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuses	engage
objrel	The singer the women discourage greets the aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel	The singer the women encourage discourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	discourage
objrel	The teacher the athletes confuse inspires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel	The teacher the athletes encourage approves the women	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel	The teacher the athletes inspire discourages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel	The teacher the aunts admire observes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel	The teacher the aunts confuse criticizes the poets	singular	plural	plural	confuses	criticize
objrel	The teacher the aunts criticize encourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel	The teacher the aunts discourage greets the singers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel	The teacher the aunts greet avoids the boys	singular	plural	plural	greets	avoid
objrel	The teacher the aunts understand admires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	understands	admire
objrel	The teacher the boys encourage criticizes the victims	singular	plural	plural	encourages	criticize
objrel	The teacher the boys greet criticizes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	greets	criticize
objrel	The teacher the boys know observes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	knows	observe
objrel	The teacher the carpenters admire approves the men	singular	plural	plural	admires	approve
objrel	The teacher the doctors encourage admires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	encourages	admire
objrel	The teacher the doctors engage avoids the boys	singular	plural	plural	engages	avoid
objrel	The teacher the doctors greet admires the victims	singular	plural	plural	greets	admire
objrel	The teacher the doctors greet knows the boys	singular	plural	plural	greets	know
objrel	The teacher the doctors observe knows the friends	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel	The teacher the farmers discourage greets the doctors	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel	The teacher the farmers engage stimulates the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engages	stimulate
objrel	The teacher the fathers criticize greets the men	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel	The teacher the friends discourage engages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel	The teacher the friends engage knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel	The teacher the friends understand admires the women	singular	plural	plural	understands	admire
objrel	The teacher the girls discourage avoids the guys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	avoid
objrel	The teacher the girls know greets the boys	singular	plural	plural	knows	greet
objrel	The teacher the girls stimulate approves the poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	approve
objrel	The teacher the guys discourage avoids the aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourages	avoid
objrel	The teacher the guys observe approves the aunts	singular	plural	plural	observes	approve
objrel	The teacher the kids stimulate admires the friends	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	admire
objrel	The teacher the lawyers confuse engages the singers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	engage
objrel	The teacher the lawyers discourage criticizes the friends	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel	The teacher the lawyers encourage inspires the boys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	inspire
objrel	The teacher the lawyers inspire discourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel	The teacher the lawyers know avoids the mothers	singular	plural	plural	knows	avoid
objrel	The teacher the lawyers understand admires the mothers	singular	plural	plural	understands	admire
objrel	The teacher the men engage greets the girls	singular	plural	plural	engages	greet
objrel	The teacher the men greet observes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel	The teacher the men inspire avoids the victims	singular	plural	plural	inspires	avoid
objrel	The teacher the mothers avoid knows the boys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel	The teacher the mothers confuse encourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	encourage
objrel	The teacher the poets admire knows the guys	singular	plural	plural	admires	know
objrel	The teacher the poets approve admires the mothers	singular	plural	plural	approves	admire
objrel	The teacher the poets confuse admires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuses	admire
objrel	The teacher the poets confuse admires the girls	singular	plural	plural	confuses	admire
objrel	The teacher the poets encourage observes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourages	observe
objrel	The teacher the poets greet knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greets	know
objrel	The teacher the singers engage confuses the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel	The teacher the singers greet knows the victims	singular	plural	plural	greets	know
objrel	The teacher the singers know approves the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	knows	approve
objrel	The teacher the singers know confuses the uncles	singular	plural	plural	knows	confuse
objrel	The teacher the uncles discourage criticizes the poets	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel	The teacher the uncles greet knows the boys	singular	plural	plural	greets	know
objrel	The teacher the victims know stimulates the women	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel	The teacher the victims remember knows the boys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel	The teacher the victims understand criticizes the poets	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel	The teacher the women greet criticizes the victims	singular	plural	plural	greets	criticize
objrel	The teacher the women observe discourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	observes	discourage
objrel	The teacher the women understand criticizes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel	The uncle the aunts admire criticizes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	admires	criticize
objrel	The uncle the boys criticize confuses the athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	confuse
objrel	The uncle the boys discourage observes the girls	singular	plural	plural	discourages	observe
objrel	The uncle the boys observe stimulates the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel	The uncle the carpenters admire greets the doctors	singular	plural	plural	admires	greet
objrel	The uncle the doctors engage discourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	engages	discourage
objrel	The uncle the doctors inspire discourages the friends	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel	The uncle the farmers admire engages the girls	singular	plural	plural	admires	engage
objrel	The uncle the farmers know approves the fathers	singular	plural	plural	knows	approve
objrel	The uncle the farmers observe avoids the victims	singular	plural	plural	observes	avoid
objrel	The uncle the fathers encourage confuses the friends	singular	plural	plural	encourages	confuse
objrel	The uncle the fathers inspire knows the doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel	The uncle the fathers know encourages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	knows	encourage
objrel	The uncle the fathers understand observes the singers	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel	The uncle the friends inspire observes the men	singular	plural	plural	inspires	observe
objrel	The uncle the friends observe greets the singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel	The uncle the girls approve encourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel	The uncle the guys admire observes the victims	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel	The uncle the guys confuse engages the kids	singular	plural	plural	confuses	engage
objrel	The uncle the guys stimulate knows the women	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel	The uncle the kids inspire approves the men	singular	plural	plural	inspires	approve
objrel	The uncle the lawyers criticize avoids the friends	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	avoid
objrel	The uncle the lawyers inspire observes the girls	singular	plural	plural	inspires	observe
objrel	The uncle the lawyers know avoids the victims	singular	plural	plural	knows	avoid
objrel	The uncle the men approve encourages the friends	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel	The uncle the men avoid knows the mothers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel	The uncle the men greet engages the kids	singular	plural	plural	greets	engage
objrel	The uncle the men greet stimulates the aunts	singular	plural	plural	greets	stimulate
objrel	The uncle the men remember discourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	discourage
objrel	The uncle the men understand avoids the aunts	singular	plural	plural	understands	avoid
objrel	The uncle the men understand greets the mothers	singular	plural	plural	understands	greet
objrel	The uncle the mothers confuse understands the poets	singular	plural	plural	confuses	understand
objrel	The uncle the mothers discourage inspires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel	The uncle the mothers inspire encourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	inspires	encourage
objrel	The uncle the mothers observe understands the farmers	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel	The uncle the mothers remember criticizes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel	The uncle the mothers understand inspires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	understands	inspire
objrel	The uncle the poets stimulate encourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	encourage
objrel	The uncle the singers admire encourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	admires	encourage
objrel	The uncle the singers observe avoids the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	observes	avoid
objrel	The uncle the singers observe engages the friends	singular	plural	plural	observes	engage
objrel	The uncle the teachers confuse understands the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	understand
objrel	The uncle the teachers criticize encourages the friends	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel	The uncle the teachers encourage approves the girls	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel	The uncle the teachers stimulate avoids the girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	avoid
objrel	The uncle the victims avoid remembers the farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	remember
objrel	The uncle the victims engage approves the boys	singular	plural	plural	engages	approve
objrel	The uncle the women avoid admires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	admire
objrel	The uncle the women encourage engages the poets	singular	plural	plural	encourages	engage
objrel	The uncle the women observe greets the guys	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel	The victim the athletes avoid encourages the poets	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel	The victim the athletes discourage approves the doctors	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel	The victim the athletes discourage confuses the guys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	confuse
objrel	The victim the boys criticize greets the girls	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel	The victim the carpenters admire remembers the women	singular	plural	plural	admires	remember
objrel	The victim the carpenters avoid confuses the farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	confuse
objrel	The victim the carpenters remember observes the singers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	observe
objrel	The victim the carpenters understand criticizes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel	The victim the doctors encourage inspires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	inspire
objrel	The victim the doctors stimulate knows the women	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel	The victim the farmers observe discourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	observes	discourage
objrel	The victim the fathers approve encourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel	The victim the fathers greet knows the doctors	singular	plural	plural	greets	know
objrel	The victim the fathers understand admires the singers	singular	plural	plural	understands	admire
objrel	The victim the friends admire discourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	admires	discourage
objrel	The victim the friends criticize remembers the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	remember
objrel	The victim the girls criticize avoids the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	avoid
objrel	The victim the girls encourage admires the singers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	admire
objrel	The victim the girls encourage knows the athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourages	know
objrel	The victim the guys encourage observes the poets	singular	plural	plural	encourages	observe
objrel	The victim the guys engage inspires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	engages	inspire
objrel	The victim the guys know criticizes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	knows	criticize
objrel	The victim the kids avoid discourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel	The victim the kids confuse discourages the men	singular	plural	plural	confuses	discourage
objrel	The victim the kids discourage greets the athletes	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel	The victim the kids know stimulates the poets	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel	The victim the kids remember knows the athletes	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel	The victim the kids stimulate criticizes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	criticize
objrel	The victim the lawyers engage knows the kids	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel	The victim the lawyers know avoids the doctors	singular	plural	plural	knows	avoid
objrel	The victim the lawyers remember avoids the kids	singular	plural	plural	remembers	avoid
objrel	The victim the men greet admires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	greets	admire
objrel	The victim the men observe criticizes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	observes	criticize
objrel	The victim the mothers confuse stimulates the farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	stimulate
objrel	The victim the mothers engage criticizes the men	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel	The victim the mothers greet understands the kids	singular	plural	plural	greets	understand
objrel	The victim the mothers inspire approves the boys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	approve
objrel	The victim the mothers stimulate discourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	discourage
objrel	The victim the singers engage discourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	engages	discourage
objrel	The victim the teachers approve encourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel	The victim the teachers criticize discourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	discourage
objrel	The victim the teachers remember avoids the doctors	singular	plural	plural	remembers	avoid
objrel	The victim the uncles confuse inspires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel	The victim the uncles discourage understands the fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	understand
objrel	The victim the uncles encourage engages the poets	singular	plural	plural	encourages	engage
objrel	The victim the uncles encourage remembers the men	singular	plural	plural	encourages	remember
objrel	The victim the uncles stimulate encourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	encourage
objrel	The victim the women encourage knows the fathers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	know
objrel	The woman the athletes admire observes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel	The woman the athletes discourage stimulates the victims	singular	plural	plural	discourages	stimulate
objrel	The woman the athletes encourage discourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	discourage
objrel	The woman the aunts discourage stimulates the farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	stimulate
objrel	The woman the aunts greet knows the teachers	singular	plural	plural	greets	know
objrel	The woman the aunts greet stimulates the victims	singular	plural	plural	greets	stimulate
objrel	The woman the boys discourage approves the teachers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel	The woman the boys engage observes the singers	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel	The woman the boys observe discourages the poets	singular	plural	plural	observes	discourage
objrel	The woman the boys understand observes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel	The woman the carpenters inspire stimulates the athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspires	stimulate
objrel	The woman the doctors avoid inspires the men	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel	The woman the doctors stimulate confuses the singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel	The woman the doctors stimulate greets the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel	The woman the doctors stimulate observes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	observe
objrel	The woman the farmers remember discourages the men	singular	plural	plural	remembers	discourage
objrel	The woman the fathers approve stimulates the singers	singular	plural	plural	approves	stimulate
objrel	The woman the fathers confuse criticizes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuses	criticize
objrel	The woman the friends remember understands the guys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel	The woman the friends stimulate avoids the girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	avoid
objrel	The woman the girls know criticizes the fathers	singular	plural	plural	knows	criticize
objrel	The woman the girls know discourages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	knows	discourage
objrel	The woman the girls observe approves the doctors	singular	plural	plural	observes	approve
objrel	The woman the guys discourage remembers the aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourages	remember
objrel	The woman the guys greet observes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel	The woman the lawyers admire approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	admires	approve
objrel	The woman the lawyers discourage inspires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel	The woman the lawyers engage confuses the men	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel	The woman the lawyers observe admires the girls	singular	plural	plural	observes	admire
objrel	The woman the lawyers stimulate admires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	admire
objrel	The woman the lawyers stimulate encourages the poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	encourage
objrel	The woman the lawyers stimulate knows the victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel	The woman the men admire confuses the kids	singular	plural	plural	admires	confuse
objrel	The woman the men discourage inspires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel	The woman the men discourage observes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	observe
objrel	The woman the mothers confuse admires the men	singular	plural	plural	confuses	admire
objrel	The woman the mothers engage knows the athletes	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel	The woman the mothers understand approves the doctors	singular	plural	plural	understands	approve
objrel	The woman the poets confuse observes the singers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	observe
objrel	The woman the poets discourage approves the girls	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel	The woman the singers engage avoids the guys	singular	plural	plural	engages	avoid
objrel	The woman the teachers avoid approves the friends	singular	plural	plural	avoids	approve
objrel	The woman the teachers criticize discourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	discourage
objrel	The woman the teachers stimulate confuses the fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel	The woman the uncles admire knows the teachers	singular	plural	plural	admires	know
objrel	The woman the uncles discourage stimulates the guys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	stimulate
objrel	The woman the uncles encourage admires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	admire
objrel	The woman the uncles encourage observes the men	singular	plural	plural	encourages	observe
objrel	The woman the victims discourage confuses the uncles	singular	plural	plural	discourages	confuse
objrel	The woman the victims understand discourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel	The athletes the aunt encourages discourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	encourage	discourages
objrel	The athletes the aunt understands engage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	engages
objrel	The athletes the boy confuses engage the singer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	engages
objrel	The athletes the boy discourages avoid the girl	plural	singular	singular	discourage	avoids
objrel	The athletes the boy observes inspire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observe	inspires
objrel	The athletes the carpenter greets inspire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel	The athletes the doctor avoids confuse the poet	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel	The athletes the doctor remembers criticize the poet	plural	singular	singular	remember	criticizes
objrel	The athletes the doctor stimulates understand the teacher	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	understands
objrel	The athletes the farmer observes admire the woman	plural	singular	singular	observe	admires
objrel	The athletes the father greets approve the doctor	plural	singular	singular	greet	approves
objrel	The athletes the father greets remember the friend	plural	singular	singular	greet	remembers
objrel	The athletes the friend encourages avoid the teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourage	avoids
objrel	The athletes the girl observes inspire the man	plural	singular	singular	observe	inspires
objrel	The athletes the girl remembers encourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	remember	encourages
objrel	The athletes the guy confuses engage the boy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	engages
objrel	The athletes the guy engages avoid the uncle	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel	The athletes the guy engages know the aunt	plural	singular	singular	engage	knows
objrel	The athletes the kid confuses engage the victim	plural	singular	singular	confuse	engages
objrel	The athletes the kid understands admire the friend	plural	singular	singular	understand	admires
objrel	The athletes the lawyer admires confuse the mother	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel	The athletes the lawyer understands inspire the man	plural	singular	singular	understand	inspires
objrel	The athletes the man avoids engage the woman	plural	singular	singular	avoid	engages
objrel	The athletes the man criticizes greet the kid	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel	The athletes the man stimulates know the uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	knows
objrel	The athletes the mother avoids remember the woman	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel	The athletes the mother engages discourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	engage	discourages
objrel	The athletes the mother inspires greet the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspire	greets
objrel	The athletes the mother knows criticize the singer	plural	singular	singular	know	criticizes
objrel	The athletes the poet knows confuse the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	know	confuses
objrel	The athletes the poet knows remember the mother	plural	singular	singular	know	remembers
objrel	The athletes the poet understands remember the mother	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel	The athletes the singer admires approve the doctor	plural	singular	singular	admire	approves
objrel	The athletes the singer approves criticize the man	plural	singular	singular	approve	criticizes
objrel	The athletes the singer knows observe the poet	plural	singular	singular	know	observes
objrel	The athletes the singer observes greet the father	plural	singular	singular	observe	greets
objrel	The athletes the teacher discourages stimulate the guy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	stimulates
objrel	The athletes the teacher encourages approve the victim	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel	The athletes the uncle admires engage the friend	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel	The athletes the uncle admires engage the man	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel	The athletes the uncle approves remember the poet	plural	singular	singular	approve	remembers
objrel	The athletes the uncle avoids criticize the doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel	The athletes the uncle criticizes avoid the poet	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel	The athletes the uncle criticizes greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel	The athletes the uncle observes approve the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	observe	approves
objrel	The athletes the victim approves discourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel	The athletes the woman criticizes stimulate the uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel	The athletes the woman discourages approve the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel	The athletes the woman understands admire the mother	plural	singular	singular	understand	admires
objrel	The athletes the woman understands encourage the father	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel	The aunts the athlete admires engage the boy	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel	The aunts the athlete approves greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	approve	greets
objrel	The aunts the athlete confuses remember the friend	plural	singular	singular	confuse	remembers
objrel	The aunts the athlete confuses remember the woman	plural	singular	singular	confuse	remembers
objrel	The aunts the athlete observes stimulate the father	plural	singular	singular	observe	stimulates
objrel	The aunts the athlete remembers encourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	remember	encourages
objrel	The aunts the boy approves stimulate the victim	plural	singular	singular	approve	stimulates
objrel	The aunts the carpenter discourages greet the father	plural	singular	singular	discourage	greets
objrel	The aunts the doctor admires criticize the boy	plural	singular	singular	admire	criticizes
objrel	The aunts the doctor approves criticize the athlete	plural	singular	singular	approve	criticizes
objrel	The aunts the doctor avoids approve the kid	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel	The aunts the farmer engages encourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	engage	encourages
objrel	The aunts the farmer understands know the father	plural	singular	singular	understand	knows
objrel	The aunts the father criticizes encourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel	The aunts the father discourages confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourage	confuses
objrel	The aunts the father observes know the mother	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel	The aunts the friend encourages engage the man	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel	The aunts the girl approves encourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	approve	encourages
objrel	The aunts the girl criticizes stimulate the farmer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel	The aunts the girl encourages remember the father	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel	The aunts the girl greets know the kid	plural	singular	singular	greet	knows
objrel	The aunts the girl remembers discourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel	The aunts the guy admires understand the athlete	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel	The aunts the guy approves remember the singer	plural	singular	singular	approve	remembers
objrel	The aunts the kid confuses approve the doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuse	approves
objrel	The aunts the kid greets engage the poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	engages
objrel	The aunts the kid inspires discourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	discourages
objrel	The aunts the lawyer engages understand the farmer	plural	singular	singular	engage	understands
objrel	The aunts the man approves inspire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	approve	inspires
objrel	The aunts the man engages confuse the friend	plural	singular	singular	engage	confuses
objrel	The aunts the mother admires observe the athlete	plural	singular	singular	admire	observes
objrel	The aunts the poet avoids stimulate the woman	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel	The aunts the poet criticizes remember the guy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	remembers
objrel	The aunts the poet discourages approve the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel	The aunts the poet knows encourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	know	encourages
objrel	The aunts the poet understands inspire the kid	plural	singular	singular	understand	inspires
objrel	The aunts the singer avoids confuse the victim	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel	The aunts the singer avoids inspire the guy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	inspires
objrel	The aunts the singer confuses inspire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel	The aunts the singer remembers stimulate the girl	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel	The aunts the teacher approves understand the uncle	plural	singular	singular	approve	understands
objrel	The aunts the teacher encourages observe the singer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel	The aunts the uncle criticizes avoid the victim	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel	The aunts the uncle engages criticize the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	engage	criticizes
objrel	The aunts the uncle understands know the mother	plural	singular	singular	understand	knows
objrel	The aunts the victim admires encourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	admire	encourages
objrel	The aunts the victim remembers understand the farmer	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel	The aunts the woman approves criticize the uncle	plural	singular	singular	approve	criticizes
objrel	The aunts the woman confuses inspire the victim	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel	The aunts the woman engages confuse the girl	plural	singular	singular	engage	confuses
objrel	The aunts the woman understands criticize the uncle	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel	The boys the athlete approves know the victim	plural	singular	singular	approve	knows
objrel	The boys the athlete confuses inspire the poet	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel	The boys the athlete discourages admire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel	The boys the athlete encourages observe the victim	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel	The boys the aunt admires discourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	admire	discourages
objrel	The boys the aunt engages remember the kid	plural	singular	singular	engage	remembers
objrel	The boys the carpenter confuses know the woman	plural	singular	singular	confuse	knows
objrel	The boys the carpenter encourages know the uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourage	knows
objrel	The boys the doctor inspires criticize the man	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel	The boys the doctor remembers greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	remember	greets
objrel	The boys the farmer confuses remember the doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuse	remembers
objrel	The boys the father remembers encourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	remember	encourages
objrel	The boys the friend avoids understand the victim	plural	singular	singular	avoid	understands
objrel	The boys the friend confuses know the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuse	knows
objrel	The boys the friend knows approve the doctor	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel	The boys the friend stimulates encourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	encourages
objrel	The boys the girl discourages understand the aunt	plural	singular	singular	discourage	understands
objrel	The boys the girl understands confuse the uncle	plural	singular	singular	understand	confuses
objrel	The boys the guy avoids understand the woman	plural	singular	singular	avoid	understands
objrel	The boys the guy remembers confuse the man	plural	singular	singular	remember	confuses
objrel	The boys the guy stimulates admire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	admires
objrel	The boys the kid discourages criticize the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourage	criticizes
objrel	The boys the kid inspires understand the aunt	plural	singular	singular	inspire	understands
objrel	The boys the kid observes remember the father	plural	singular	singular	observe	remembers
objrel	The boys the lawyer approves avoid the doctor	plural	singular	singular	approve	avoids
objrel	The boys the lawyer inspires approve the father	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel	The boys the lawyer observes remember the uncle	plural	singular	singular	observe	remembers
objrel	The boys the man engages admire the victim	plural	singular	singular	engage	admires
objrel	The boys the man inspires discourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspire	discourages
objrel	The boys the man observes approve the mother	plural	singular	singular	observe	approves
objrel	The boys the man remembers inspire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	remember	inspires
objrel	The boys the mother admires engage the kid	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel	The boys the mother avoids engage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	avoid	engages
objrel	The boys the mother criticizes inspire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	criticize	inspires
objrel	The boys the mother engages discourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	engage	discourages
objrel	The boys the mother observes avoid the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	observe	avoids
objrel	The boys the mother remembers greet the uncle	plural	singular	singular	remember	greets
objrel	The boys the mother stimulates avoid the doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	avoids
objrel	The boys the poet confuses discourage the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuse	discourages
objrel	The boys the poet confuses engage the friend	plural	singular	singular	confuse	engages
objrel	The boys the poet engages avoid the man	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel	The boys the poet engages inspire the friend	plural	singular	singular	engage	inspires
objrel	The boys the singer approves avoid the father	plural	singular	singular	approve	avoids
objrel	The boys the singer confuses avoid the uncle	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel	The boys the teacher discourages encourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel	The boys the teacher encourages criticize the mother	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel	The boys the teacher remembers encourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	remember	encourages
objrel	The boys the uncle confuses observe the athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuse	observes
objrel	The boys the uncle confuses understand the aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuse	understands
objrel	The boys the uncle discourages observe the kid	plural	singular	singular	discourage	observes
objrel	The boys the uncle encourages greet the teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourage	greets
objrel	The boys the victim confuses admire the guy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel	The boys the victim discourages admire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel	The boys the victim encourages approve the singer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel	The boys the victim inspires engage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspire	engages
objrel	The boys the victim remembers discourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel	The boys the woman inspires stimulate the girl	plural	singular	singular	inspire	stimulates
objrel	The carpenters the athlete admires understand the mother	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel	The carpenters the athlete approves encourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	approve	encourages
objrel	The carpenters the athlete encourages avoid the aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourage	avoids
objrel	The carpenters the aunt engages confuse the victim	plural	singular	singular	engage	confuses
objrel	The carpenters the aunt knows remember the kid	plural	singular	singular	know	remembers
objrel	The carpenters the aunt observes inspire the kid	plural	singular	singular	observe	inspires
objrel	The carpenters the doctor engages know the boy	plural	singular	singular	engage	knows
objrel	The carpenters the farmer approves greet the singer	plural	singular	singular	approve	greets
objrel	The carpenters the farmer confuses admire the poet	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel	The carpenters the farmer engages inspire the father	plural	singular	singular	engage	inspires
objrel	The carpenters the farmer stimulates remember the guy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	remembers
objrel	The carpenters the father admires criticize the kid	plural	singular	singular	admire	criticizes
objrel	The carpenters the father avoids engage the poet	plural	singular	singular	avoid	engages
objrel	The carpenters the friend approves engage the man	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel	The carpenters the girl criticizes stimulate the kid	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel	The carpenters the girl knows encourage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	know	encourages
objrel	The carpenters the guy confuses inspire the mother	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel	The carpenters the guy encourages engage the girl	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel	The carpenters the guy greets approve the teacher	plural	singular	singular	greet	approves
objrel	The carpenters the guy greets criticize the aunt	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel	The carpenters the guy observes avoid the father	plural	singular	singular	observe	avoids
objrel	The carpenters the guy understands confuse the aunt	plural	singular	singular	understand	confuses
objrel	The carpenters the kid discourages greet the man	plural	singular	singular	discourage	greets
objrel	The carpenters the kid inspires stimulate the guy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	stimulates
objrel	The carpenters the kid remembers approve the uncle	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel	The carpenters the lawyer confuses inspire the mother	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel	The carpenters the lawyer engages remember the man	plural	singular	singular	engage	remembers
objrel	The carpenters the lawyer remembers understand the friend	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel	The carpenters the lawyer understands greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel	The carpenters the man approves criticize the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	approve	criticizes
objrel	The carpenters the man discourages greet the farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	greets
objrel	The carpenters the mother discourages encourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel	The carpenters the poet greets admire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	greet	admires
objrel	The carpenters the poet knows admire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	know	admires
objrel	The carpenters the singer approves greet the teacher	plural	singular	singular	approve	greets
objrel	The carpenters the teacher greets encourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	encourages
objrel	The carpenters the uncle observes encourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel	The carpenters the victim approves greet the doctor	plural	singular	singular	approve	greets
objrel	The carpenters the victim greets understand the teacher	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel	The doctors the athlete avoids stimulate the poet	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the athlete encourages discourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	discourages
objrel	The doctors the athlete engages understand the father	plural	singular	singular	engage	understands
objrel	The doctors the athlete remembers approve the father	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel	The doctors the aunt avoids remember the woman	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel	The doctors the aunt engages remember the athlete	plural	singular	singular	engage	remembers
objrel	The doctors the aunt stimulates observe the woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	observes
objrel	The doctors the aunt understands remember the uncle	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel	The doctors the boy confuses greet the woman	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel	The doctors the farmer engages avoid the friend	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel	The doctors the farmer observes approve the aunt	plural	singular	singular	observe	approves
objrel	The doctors the farmer stimulates approve the kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	approves
objrel	The doctors the farmer stimulates observe the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	observes
objrel	The doctors the father knows stimulate the friend	plural	singular	singular	know	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the friend admires encourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	admire	encourages
objrel	The doctors the friend encourages inspire the woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel	The doctors the friend inspires admire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	inspire	admires
objrel	The doctors the girl observes confuse the man	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel	The doctors the girl remembers greet the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remember	greets
objrel	The doctors the girl stimulates greet the friend	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	greets
objrel	The doctors the guy approves remember the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approve	remembers
objrel	The doctors the guy inspires engage the poet	plural	singular	singular	inspire	engages
objrel	The doctors the guy remembers approve the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel	The doctors the guy understands criticize the woman	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel	The doctors the kid approves observe the girl	plural	singular	singular	approve	observes
objrel	The doctors the kid avoids understand the woman	plural	singular	singular	avoid	understands
objrel	The doctors the kid encourages criticize the athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel	The doctors the kid remembers criticize the mother	plural	singular	singular	remember	criticizes
objrel	The doctors the lawyer greets understand the poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel	The doctors the lawyer observes criticize the kid	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel	The doctors the man confuses discourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	discourages
objrel	The doctors the mother discourages approve the kid	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel	The doctors the poet confuses avoid the father	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel	The doctors the poet encourages remember the boy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel	The doctors the poet inspires discourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	discourages
objrel	The doctors the poet inspires observe the farmer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	observes
objrel	The doctors the poet knows inspire the boy	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel	The doctors the singer remembers engage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel	The doctors the teacher greets stimulate the singer	plural	singular	singular	greet	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the teacher remembers greet the boy	plural	singular	singular	remember	greets
objrel	The doctors the uncle admires observe the guy	plural	singular	singular	admire	observes
objrel	The doctors the uncle avoids know the guy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	knows
objrel	The doctors the victim criticizes stimulate the aunt	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the victim encourages discourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	discourages
objrel	The doctors the victim observes inspire the girl	plural	singular	singular	observe	inspires
objrel	The doctors the victim understands criticize the girl	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel	The doctors the woman discourages confuse the man	plural	singular	singular	discourage	confuses
objrel	The doctors the woman knows approve the teacher	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel	The doctors the woman observes criticize the kid	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel	The doctors the woman remembers admire the poet	plural	singular	singular	remember	admires
objrel	The farmers the athlete encourages engage the father	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel	The farmers the aunt encourages discourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	discourages
objrel	The farmers the boy stimulates greet the man	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	greets
objrel	The farmers the carpenter remembers observe the friend	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel	The farmers the carpenter stimulates understand the kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	understands
objrel	The farmers the doctor approves confuse the father	plural	singular	singular	approve	confuses
objrel	The farmers the doctor confuses inspire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel	The farmers the doctor criticizes remember the kid	plural	singular	singular	criticize	remembers
objrel	The farmers the father approves understand the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approve	understands
objrel	The farmers the father confuses understand the man	plural	singular	singular	confuse	understands
objrel	The farmers the friend engages criticize the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	engage	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the friend engages observe the doctor	plural	singular	singular	engage	observes
objrel	The farmers the friend observes remember the mother	plural	singular	singular	observe	remembers
objrel	The farmers the friend remembers engage the guy	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel	The farmers the friend understands criticize the singer	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the guy confuses avoid the singer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel	The farmers the guy knows encourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	know	encourages
objrel	The farmers the guy stimulates approve the father	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	approves
objrel	The farmers the kid discourages criticize the victim	plural	singular	singular	discourage	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the kid observes confuse the guy	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel	The farmers the lawyer discourages admire the mother	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel	The farmers the lawyer inspires approve the kid	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel	The farmers the lawyer knows inspire the father	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel	The farmers the man criticizes avoid the boy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel	The farmers the mother discourages know the father	plural	singular	singular	discourage	knows
objrel	The farmers the mother encourages inspire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel	The farmers the mother encourages remember the guy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel	The farmers the mother inspires remember the aunt	plural	singular	singular	inspire	remembers
objrel	The farmers the mother inspires understand the teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspire	understands
objrel	The farmers the mother understands criticize the uncle	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the mother understands greet the kid	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel	The farmers the poet admires engage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel	The farmers the poet approves inspire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	approve	inspires
objrel	The farmers the singer discourages know the teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourage	knows
objrel	The farmers the singer discourages remember the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourage	remembers
objrel	The farmers the singer greets understand the athlete	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel	The farmers the singer observes know the man	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel	The farmers the teacher confuses understand the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuse	understands
objrel	The farmers the teacher encourages know the athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourage	knows
objrel	The farmers the teacher engages avoid the poet	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel	The farmers the teacher observes approve the father	plural	singular	singular	observe	approves
objrel	The farmers the teacher observes avoid the poet	plural	singular	singular	observe	avoids
objrel	The farmers the teacher remembers greet the poet	plural	singular	singular	remember	greets
objrel	The farmers the teacher understands discourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understand	discourages
objrel	The farmers the uncle avoids criticize the teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the victim criticizes stimulate the uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel	The farmers the victim remembers approve the uncle	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel	The farmers the woman admires greet the doctor	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel	The farmers the woman approves remember the teacher	plural	singular	singular	approve	remembers
objrel	The farmers the woman criticizes discourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	criticize	discourages
objrel	The farmers the woman greets discourage the father	plural	singular	singular	greet	discourages
objrel	The fathers the athlete discourages encourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel	The fathers the athlete greets understand the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel	The fathers the athlete knows stimulate the farmer	plural	singular	singular	know	stimulates
objrel	The fathers the athlete observes know the singer	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel	The fathers the athlete stimulates approve the woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	approves
objrel	The fathers the aunt avoids understand the guy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	understands
objrel	The fathers the aunt criticizes observe the athlete	plural	singular	singular	criticize	observes
objrel	The fathers the carpenter inspires confuse the aunt	plural	singular	singular	inspire	confuses
objrel	The fathers the doctor discourages admire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel	The fathers the doctor observes engage the boy	plural	singular	singular	observe	engages
objrel	The fathers the farmer admires criticize the victim	plural	singular	singular	admire	criticizes
objrel	The fathers the farmer understands observe the kid	plural	singular	singular	understand	observes
objrel	The fathers the friend inspires understand the guy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	understands
objrel	The fathers the friend knows approve the athlete	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel	The fathers the friend knows stimulate the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	know	stimulates
objrel	The fathers the girl confuses encourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	confuse	encourages
objrel	The fathers the girl criticizes avoid the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel	The fathers the guy inspires stimulate the aunt	plural	singular	singular	inspire	stimulates
objrel	The fathers the guy knows greet the teacher	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel	The fathers the kid knows discourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	know	discourages
objrel	The fathers the kid remembers greet the singer	plural	singular	singular	remember	greets
objrel	The fathers the lawyer criticizes remember the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	criticize	remembers
objrel	The fathers the lawyer engages approve the man	plural	singular	singular	engage	approves
objrel	The fathers the lawyer stimulates encourage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	encourages
objrel	The fathers the man inspires know the teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel	The fathers the man remembers observe the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel	The fathers the mother understands discourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	understand	discourages
objrel	The fathers the poet encourages observe the aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel	The fathers the poet engages greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel	The fathers the poet inspires encourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	inspire	encourages
objrel	The fathers the poet observes inspire the boy	plural	singular	singular	observe	inspires
objrel	The fathers the singer understands remember the kid	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel	The fathers the teacher admires greet the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel	The fathers the teacher discourages avoid the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourage	avoids
objrel	The fathers the teacher discourages know the farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	knows
objrel	The fathers the teacher encourages understand the farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel	The fathers the teacher inspires criticize the doctor	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel	The fathers the teacher remembers inspire the mother	plural	singular	singular	remember	inspires
objrel	The fathers the uncle observes stimulate the man	plural	singular	singular	observe	stimulates
objrel	The fathers the uncle remembers greet the boy	plural	singular	singular	remember	greets
objrel	The fathers the victim avoids stimulate the teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel	The fathers the victim confuses approve the boy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	approves
objrel	The friends the athlete knows admire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	know	admires
objrel	The friends the aunt inspires criticize the mother	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel	The friends the boy approves confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	approve	confuses
objrel	The friends the boy encourages avoid the aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourage	avoids
objrel	The friends the boy inspires approve the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel	The friends the boy knows criticize the aunt	plural	singular	singular	know	criticizes
objrel	The friends the boy stimulates remember the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	remembers
objrel	The friends the carpenter encourages engage the mother	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel	The friends the carpenter inspires observe the father	plural	singular	singular	inspire	observes
objrel	The friends the doctor inspires encourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	inspire	encourages
objrel	The friends the farmer stimulates know the victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	knows
objrel	The friends the farmer stimulates understand the girl	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	understands
objrel	The friends the farmer understands approve the poet	plural	singular	singular	understand	approves
objrel	The friends the father admires stimulate the athlete	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel	The friends the girl admires avoid the boy	plural	singular	singular	admire	avoids
objrel	The friends the girl approves confuse the athlete	plural	singular	singular	approve	confuses
objrel	The friends the girl remembers engage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel	The friends the girl understands engage the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	understand	engages
objrel	The friends the guy knows greet the aunt	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel	The friends the guy observes engage the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observe	engages
objrel	The friends the lawyer avoids engage the man	plural	singular	singular	avoid	engages
objrel	The friends the lawyer criticizes encourage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel	The friends the lawyer greets observe the guy	plural	singular	singular	greet	observes
objrel	The friends the lawyer stimulates confuse the uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel	The friends the lawyer understands discourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	understand	discourages
objrel	The friends the man engages understand the teacher	plural	singular	singular	engage	understands
objrel	The friends the man greets confuse the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel	The friends the mother engages stimulate the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	engage	stimulates
objrel	The friends the mother observes inspire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	observe	inspires
objrel	The friends the mother remembers engage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel	The friends the mother understands greet the kid	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel	The friends the poet inspires understand the guy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	understands
objrel	The friends the poet stimulates confuse the man	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel	The friends the singer approves remember the kid	plural	singular	singular	approve	remembers
objrel	The friends the singer criticizes greet the father	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel	The friends the singer greets encourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	greet	encourages
objrel	The friends the singer inspires know the doctor	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel	The friends the teacher avoids discourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	discourages
objrel	The friends the teacher confuses avoid the woman	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel	The friends the teacher observes confuse the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel	The friends the teacher stimulates know the athlete	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	knows
objrel	The friends the uncle avoids stimulate the guy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel	The friends the uncle observes confuse the girl	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel	The friends the uncle remembers approve the girl	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel	The friends the uncle understands encourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel	The friends the victim confuses criticize the teacher	plural	singular	singular	confuse	criticizes
objrel	The friends the victim inspires avoid the woman	plural	singular	singular	inspire	avoids
objrel	The friends the victim understands inspire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	understand	inspires
objrel	The friends the woman remembers stimulate the athlete	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel	The girls the athlete confuses stimulate the doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel	The girls the athlete engages greet the singer	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel	The girls the athlete inspires approve the father	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel	The girls the athlete remembers discourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel	The girls the aunt engages criticize the mother	plural	singular	singular	engage	criticizes
objrel	The girls the aunt inspires know the singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel	The girls the aunt understands approve the father	plural	singular	singular	understand	approves
objrel	The girls the boy confuses observe the doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuse	observes
objrel	The girls the boy confuses remember the farmer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	remembers
objrel	The girls the boy knows engage the singer	plural	singular	singular	know	engages
objrel	The girls the boy understands know the singer	plural	singular	singular	understand	knows
objrel	The girls the boy understands stimulate the victim	plural	singular	singular	understand	stimulates
objrel	The girls the carpenter discourages avoid the farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	avoids
objrel	The girls the doctor criticizes observe the guy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	observes
objrel	The girls the doctor greets stimulate the victim	plural	singular	singular	greet	stimulates
objrel	The girls the doctor inspires criticize the friend	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel	The girls the doctor knows understand the man	plural	singular	singular	know	understands
objrel	The girls the doctor understands observe the teacher	plural	singular	singular	understand	observes
objrel	The girls the farmer avoids greet the victim	plural	singular	singular	avoid	greets
objrel	The girls the farmer observes confuse the guy	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel	The girls the farmer understands know the man	plural	singular	singular	understand	knows
objrel	The girls the father admires approve the man	plural	singular	singular	admire	approves
objrel	The girls the father observes understand the teacher	plural	singular	singular	observe	understands
objrel	The girls the father understands admire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	admires
objrel	The girls the friend discourages observe the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourage	observes
objrel	The girls the friend inspires greet the woman	plural	singular	singular	inspire	greets
objrel	The girls the guy approves inspire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	approve	inspires
objrel	The girls the guy avoids discourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	avoid	discourages
objrel	The girls the guy engages inspire the victim	plural	singular	singular	engage	inspires
objrel	The girls the kid admires know the father	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel	The girls the kid criticizes approve the woman	plural	singular	singular	criticize	approves
objrel	The girls the lawyer admires criticize the mother	plural	singular	singular	admire	criticizes
objrel	The girls the lawyer confuses understand the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuse	understands
objrel	The girls the lawyer engages inspire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	engage	inspires
objrel	The girls the lawyer knows discourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	know	discourages
objrel	The girls the lawyer stimulates encourage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	encourages
objrel	The girls the mother encourages criticize the athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel	The girls the mother engages remember the man	plural	singular	singular	engage	remembers
objrel	The girls the mother greets confuse the man	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel	The girls the mother observes understand the farmer	plural	singular	singular	observe	understands
objrel	The girls the poet avoids approve the uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel	The girls the poet avoids observe the aunt	plural	singular	singular	avoid	observes
objrel	The girls the poet knows greet the man	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel	The girls the singer confuses know the guy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	knows
objrel	The girls the singer observes criticize the poet	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel	The girls the singer remembers discourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel	The girls the singer stimulates greet the farmer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	greets
objrel	The girls the teacher discourages stimulate the mother	plural	singular	singular	discourage	stimulates
objrel	The girls the teacher remembers encourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	remember	encourages
objrel	The girls the uncle approves stimulate the father	plural	singular	singular	approve	stimulates
objrel	The girls the uncle engages inspire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	engage	inspires
objrel	The girls the uncle greets understand the victim	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel	The girls the victim criticizes admire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel	The girls the victim greets remember the singer	plural	singular	singular	greet	remembers
objrel	The girls the victim remembers inspire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remember	inspires
objrel	The girls the woman inspires engage the poet	plural	singular	singular	inspire	engages
objrel	The girls the woman inspires understand the aunt	plural	singular	singular	inspire	understands
objrel	The guys the athlete knows approve the girl	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel	The guys the athlete remembers observe the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel	The guys the aunt avoids confuse the man	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel	The guys the aunt confuses observe the farmer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	observes
objrel	The guys the aunt encourages discourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	discourages
objrel	The guys the boy encourages discourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourage	discourages
objrel	The guys the boy understands engage the singer	plural	singular	singular	understand	engages
objrel	The guys the carpenter approves observe the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	approve	observes
objrel	The guys the carpenter avoids admire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	admires
objrel	The guys the carpenter engages avoid the farmer	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel	The guys the doctor approves discourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel	The guys the doctor confuses criticize the athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuse	criticizes
objrel	The guys the doctor criticizes greet the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel	The guys the farmer admires stimulate the aunt	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel	The guys the farmer admires stimulate the father	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel	The guys the farmer discourages stimulate the man	plural	singular	singular	discourage	stimulates
objrel	The guys the farmer engages understand the kid	plural	singular	singular	engage	understands
objrel	The guys the farmer knows admire the woman	plural	singular	singular	know	admires
objrel	The guys the father engages admire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	engage	admires
objrel	The guys the father remembers know the poet	plural	singular	singular	remember	knows
objrel	The guys the friend stimulates discourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	discourages
objrel	The guys the friend stimulates engage the woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	engages
objrel	The guys the lawyer admires stimulate the boy	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel	The guys the lawyer avoids confuse the aunt	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel	The guys the lawyer discourages stimulate the mother	plural	singular	singular	discourage	stimulates
objrel	The guys the lawyer understands observe the kid	plural	singular	singular	understand	observes
objrel	The guys the man confuses admire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel	The guys the mother engages criticize the man	plural	singular	singular	engage	criticizes
objrel	The guys the mother greets admire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	greet	admires
objrel	The guys the mother greets remember the victim	plural	singular	singular	greet	remembers
objrel	The guys the mother stimulates encourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	encourages
objrel	The guys the poet approves encourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	approve	encourages
objrel	The guys the singer stimulates inspire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	inspires
objrel	The guys the teacher admires confuse the man	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel	The guys the teacher admires criticize the man	plural	singular	singular	admire	criticizes
objrel	The guys the teacher admires discourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admire	discourages
objrel	The guys the teacher engages encourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	engage	encourages
objrel	The guys the uncle inspires encourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	encourages
objrel	The guys the victim avoids approve the singer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel	The guys the victim avoids greet the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	greets
objrel	The guys the victim discourages know the singer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	knows
objrel	The guys the victim engages admire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	engage	admires
objrel	The guys the victim inspires engage the boy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	engages
objrel	The guys the woman avoids inspire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	avoid	inspires
objrel	The guys the woman criticizes know the kid	plural	singular	singular	criticize	knows
objrel	The guys the woman greets criticize the kid	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel	The guys the woman knows engage the mother	plural	singular	singular	know	engages
objrel	The kids the athlete encourages criticize the singer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel	The kids the athlete observes confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel	The kids the athlete remembers encourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	remember	encourages
objrel	The kids the aunt greets criticize the mother	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel	The kids the aunt knows discourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	know	discourages
objrel	The kids the doctor observes understand the father	plural	singular	singular	observe	understands
objrel	The kids the doctor stimulates observe the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	observes
objrel	The kids the farmer criticizes understand the man	plural	singular	singular	criticize	understands
objrel	The kids the farmer discourages understand the singer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	understands
objrel	The kids the farmer understands approve the aunt	plural	singular	singular	understand	approves
objrel	The kids the father criticizes engage the boy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	engages
objrel	The kids the father knows discourage the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	know	discourages
objrel	The kids the friend confuses stimulate the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel	The kids the girl engages inspire the singer	plural	singular	singular	engage	inspires
objrel	The kids the lawyer avoids greet the girl	plural	singular	singular	avoid	greets
objrel	The kids the lawyer inspires know the boy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel	The kids the lawyer remembers encourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	remember	encourages
objrel	The kids the man admires engage the friend	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel	The kids the man approves discourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel	The kids the mother encourages admire the poet	plural	singular	singular	encourage	admires
objrel	The kids the mother stimulates remember the friend	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	remembers
objrel	The kids the poet remembers admire the man	plural	singular	singular	remember	admires
objrel	The kids the singer discourages greet the uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourage	greets
objrel	The kids the teacher admires know the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel	The kids the teacher discourages remember the woman	plural	singular	singular	discourage	remembers
objrel	The kids the teacher inspires criticize the victim	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel	The kids the teacher knows encourage the man	plural	singular	singular	know	encourages
objrel	The kids the uncle admires stimulate the girl	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel	The kids the uncle greets discourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	greet	discourages
objrel	The kids the victim avoids remember the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel	The kids the victim avoids stimulate the teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel	The kids the victim discourages criticize the farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	criticizes
objrel	The kids the victim discourages encourage the father	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel	The kids the victim engages approve the poet	plural	singular	singular	engage	approves
objrel	The kids the woman greets confuse the poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel	The lawyers the athlete confuses inspire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the athlete greets observe the aunt	plural	singular	singular	greet	observes
objrel	The lawyers the aunt criticizes inspire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the boy confuses greet the man	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel	The lawyers the boy engages avoid the mother	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel	The lawyers the boy inspires criticize the poet	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel	The lawyers the boy remembers stimulate the father	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel	The lawyers the boy remembers understand the woman	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel	The lawyers the carpenter observes greet the athlete	plural	singular	singular	observe	greets
objrel	The lawyers the carpenter observes know the father	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel	The lawyers the doctor criticizes approve the woman	plural	singular	singular	criticize	approves
objrel	The lawyers the doctor inspires engage the victim	plural	singular	singular	inspire	engages
objrel	The lawyers the farmer greets approve the man	plural	singular	singular	greet	approves
objrel	The lawyers the farmer inspires admire the man	plural	singular	singular	inspire	admires
objrel	The lawyers the father encourages know the aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourage	knows
objrel	The lawyers the father inspires approve the singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel	The lawyers the friend encourages know the aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourage	knows
objrel	The lawyers the girl criticizes approve the friend	plural	singular	singular	criticize	approves
objrel	The lawyers the guy admires inspire the man	plural	singular	singular	admire	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the guy confuses greet the singer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel	The lawyers the guy greets know the father	plural	singular	singular	greet	knows
objrel	The lawyers the kid discourages greet the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourage	greets
objrel	The lawyers the kid inspires criticize the singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel	The lawyers the man stimulates remember the singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	remembers
objrel	The lawyers the mother admires remember the boy	plural	singular	singular	admire	remembers
objrel	The lawyers the mother knows discourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	know	discourages
objrel	The lawyers the mother knows remember the kid	plural	singular	singular	know	remembers
objrel	The lawyers the poet avoids approve the teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel	The lawyers the poet greets confuse the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel	The lawyers the poet understands inspire the mother	plural	singular	singular	understand	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the singer inspires remember the farmer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	remembers
objrel	The lawyers the singer observes avoid the friend	plural	singular	singular	observe	avoids
objrel	The lawyers the teacher admires criticize the mother	plural	singular	singular	admire	criticizes
objrel	The lawyers the teacher confuses approve the mother	plural	singular	singular	confuse	approves
objrel	The lawyers the teacher knows understand the man	plural	singular	singular	know	understands
objrel	The lawyers the teacher observes discourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	observe	discourages
objrel	The lawyers the uncle criticizes greet the victim	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel	The lawyers the uncle engages admire the girl	plural	singular	singular	engage	admires
objrel	The lawyers the victim greets inspire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the victim remembers greet the farmer	plural	singular	singular	remember	greets
objrel	The lawyers the victim understands admire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	admires
objrel	The lawyers the woman approves know the farmer	plural	singular	singular	approve	knows
objrel	The lawyers the woman confuses approve the friend	plural	singular	singular	confuse	approves
objrel	The men the athlete approves encourage the father	plural	singular	singular	approve	encourages
objrel	The men the athlete greets understand the father	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel	The men the aunt admires discourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	admire	discourages
objrel	The men the aunt avoids encourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	encourages
objrel	The men the aunt discourages greet the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourage	greets
objrel	The men the aunt discourages inspire the father	plural	singular	singular	discourage	inspires
objrel	The men the aunt engages know the teacher	plural	singular	singular	engage	knows
objrel	The men the aunt inspires engage the father	plural	singular	singular	inspire	engages
objrel	The men the aunt understands know the teacher	plural	singular	singular	understand	knows
objrel	The men the aunt understands remember the poet	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel	The men the boy engages admire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	engage	admires
objrel	The men the boy observes stimulate the athlete	plural	singular	singular	observe	stimulates
objrel	The men the carpenter criticizes observe the kid	plural	singular	singular	criticize	observes
objrel	The men the doctor remembers know the father	plural	singular	singular	remember	knows
objrel	The men the father approves engage the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel	The men the father criticizes encourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel	The men the friend avoids engage the boy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	engages
objrel	The men the friend criticizes know the boy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	knows
objrel	The men the friend stimulates encourage the father	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	encourages
objrel	The men the girl criticizes encourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel	The men the girl criticizes understand the father	plural	singular	singular	criticize	understands
objrel	The men the guy criticizes approve the poet	plural	singular	singular	criticize	approves
objrel	The men the guy criticizes remember the girl	plural	singular	singular	criticize	remembers
objrel	The men the guy remembers approve the friend	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel	The men the kid admires know the friend	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel	The men the kid confuses know the woman	plural	singular	singular	confuse	knows
objrel	The men the kid greets admire the woman	plural	singular	singular	greet	admires
objrel	The men the kid remembers engage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel	The men the lawyer confuses know the father	plural	singular	singular	confuse	knows
objrel	The men the lawyer stimulates confuse the victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel	The men the poet avoids approve the boy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel	The men the poet avoids criticize the kid	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel	The men the poet confuses admire the girl	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel	The men the poet inspires know the singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel	The men the poet stimulates discourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	discourages
objrel	The men the singer criticizes remember the teacher	plural	singular	singular	criticize	remembers
objrel	The men the singer discourages remember the athlete	plural	singular	singular	discourage	remembers
objrel	The men the teacher admires engage the father	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel	The men the teacher greets inspire the singer	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel	The men the teacher understands avoid the kid	plural	singular	singular	understand	avoids
objrel	The men the uncle greets discourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	greet	discourages
objrel	The men the victim confuses greet the athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel	The men the victim criticizes engage the mother	plural	singular	singular	criticize	engages
objrel	The men the victim greets understand the doctor	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel	The men the victim knows observe the friend	plural	singular	singular	know	observes
objrel	The men the victim remembers greet the mother	plural	singular	singular	remember	greets
objrel	The men the woman admires know the boy	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel	The men the woman avoids approve the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel	The men the woman discourages stimulate the farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	stimulates
objrel	The men the woman encourages admire the girl	plural	singular	singular	encourage	admires
objrel	The men the woman inspires discourage the father	plural	singular	singular	inspire	discourages
objrel	The men the woman inspires know the uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel	The men the woman understands discourage the girl	plural	singular	singular	understand	discourages
objrel	The mothers the athlete greets discourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	greet	discourages
objrel	The mothers the athlete greets remember the boy	plural	singular	singular	greet	remembers
objrel	The mothers the aunt encourages discourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	encourage	discourages
objrel	The mothers the aunt encourages understand the man	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel	The mothers the aunt remembers know the athlete	plural	singular	singular	remember	knows
objrel	The mothers the aunt understands greet the athlete	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel	The mothers the aunt understands stimulate the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	understand	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the boy avoids understand the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	understands
objrel	The mothers the boy inspires approve the teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel	The mothers the boy remembers engage the guy	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel	The mothers the boy understands inspire the girl	plural	singular	singular	understand	inspires
objrel	The mothers the carpenter approves discourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel	The mothers the carpenter engages greet the man	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel	The mothers the carpenter remembers avoid the poet	plural	singular	singular	remember	avoids
objrel	The mothers the doctor encourages understand the man	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel	The mothers the farmer confuses encourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	confuse	encourages
objrel	The mothers the farmer remembers approve the uncle	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel	The mothers the farmer stimulates greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	greets
objrel	The mothers the friend admires confuse the kid	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel	The mothers the friend avoids stimulate the singer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the friend discourages inspire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	discourage	inspires
objrel	The mothers the friend encourages confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourage	confuses
objrel	The mothers the friend greets observe the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greet	observes
objrel	The mothers the guy admires greet the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel	The mothers the guy avoids greet the man	plural	singular	singular	avoid	greets
objrel	The mothers the guy confuses understand the poet	plural	singular	singular	confuse	understands
objrel	The mothers the guy stimulates greet the kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	greets
objrel	The mothers the kid approves remember the boy	plural	singular	singular	approve	remembers
objrel	The mothers the lawyer confuses engage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	confuse	engages
objrel	The mothers the man inspires avoid the boy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	avoids
objrel	The mothers the man observes stimulate the girl	plural	singular	singular	observe	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the man remembers observe the victim	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel	The mothers the teacher encourages engage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel	The mothers the uncle admires greet the aunt	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel	The mothers the uncle avoids approve the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel	The mothers the uncle discourages know the singer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	knows
objrel	The mothers the uncle inspires confuse the farmer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	confuses
objrel	The mothers the victim admires inspire the father	plural	singular	singular	admire	inspires
objrel	The mothers the victim criticizes admire the father	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel	The mothers the victim discourages criticize the athlete	plural	singular	singular	discourage	criticizes
objrel	The mothers the victim knows engage the man	plural	singular	singular	know	engages
objrel	The mothers the woman admires greet the victim	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel	The mothers the woman avoids observe the friend	plural	singular	singular	avoid	observes
objrel	The mothers the woman greets encourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	greet	encourages
objrel	The mothers the woman greets remember the uncle	plural	singular	singular	greet	remembers
objrel	The mothers the woman understands discourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understand	discourages
objrel	The poets the athlete inspires engage the victim	plural	singular	singular	inspire	engages
objrel	The poets the athlete inspires greet the victim	plural	singular	singular	inspire	greets
objrel	The poets the athlete stimulates confuse the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel	The poets the aunt approves engage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel	The poets the boy engages avoid the girl	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel	The poets the boy observes stimulate the doctor	plural	singular	singular	observe	stimulates
objrel	The poets the boy stimulates discourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	discourages
objrel	The poets the boy understands observe the victim	plural	singular	singular	understand	observes
objrel	The poets the carpenter approves discourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel	The poets the carpenter engages avoid the teacher	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel	The poets the doctor approves admire the friend	plural	singular	singular	approve	admires
objrel	The poets the doctor approves understand the guy	plural	singular	singular	approve	understands
objrel	The poets the doctor confuses inspire the friend	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel	The poets the doctor encourages understand the boy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel	The poets the doctor greets engage the kid	plural	singular	singular	greet	engages
objrel	The poets the doctor observes greet the athlete	plural	singular	singular	observe	greets
objrel	The poets the farmer approves stimulate the man	plural	singular	singular	approve	stimulates
objrel	The poets the farmer encourages admire the woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	admires
objrel	The poets the farmer encourages criticize the singer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel	The poets the farmer greets admire the victim	plural	singular	singular	greet	admires
objrel	The poets the farmer greets inspire the woman	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel	The poets the farmer observes remember the woman	plural	singular	singular	observe	remembers
objrel	The poets the friend criticizes approve the victim	plural	singular	singular	criticize	approves
objrel	The poets the friend encourages admire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	admires
objrel	The poets the friend engages confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	engage	confuses
objrel	The poets the friend stimulates encourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	encourages
objrel	The poets the friend understands admire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	admires
objrel	The poets the girl approves encourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	approve	encourages
objrel	The poets the girl criticizes engage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticize	engages
objrel	The poets the girl criticizes remember the kid	plural	singular	singular	criticize	remembers
objrel	The poets the guy confuses observe the uncle	plural	singular	singular	confuse	observes
objrel	The poets the guy discourages approve the girl	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel	The poets the guy engages confuse the man	plural	singular	singular	engage	confuses
objrel	The poets the guy stimulates avoid the kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	avoids
objrel	The poets the kid approves confuse the mother	plural	singular	singular	approve	confuses
objrel	The poets the kid avoids encourage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	encourages
objrel	The poets the kid avoids stimulate the friend	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel	The poets the kid observes remember the doctor	plural	singular	singular	observe	remembers
objrel	The poets the kid understands engage the mother	plural	singular	singular	understand	engages
objrel	The poets the lawyer admires confuse the doctor	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel	The poets the lawyer confuses discourage the girl	plural	singular	singular	confuse	discourages
objrel	The poets the lawyer remembers inspire the woman	plural	singular	singular	remember	inspires
objrel	The poets the lawyer stimulates encourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	encourages
objrel	The poets the man avoids approve the boy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel	The poets the man discourages remember the teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourage	remembers
objrel	The poets the man knows confuse the guy	plural	singular	singular	know	confuses
objrel	The poets the man knows greet the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel	The poets the man remembers stimulate the friend	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel	The poets the mother approves criticize the girl	plural	singular	singular	approve	criticizes
objrel	The poets the mother greets criticize the father	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel	The poets the singer discourages approve the farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel	The poets the singer remembers greet the aunt	plural	singular	singular	remember	greets
objrel	The poets the teacher criticizes inspire the mother	plural	singular	singular	criticize	inspires
objrel	The poets the teacher discourages observe the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourage	observes
objrel	The poets the teacher encourages engage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel	The poets the teacher encourages greet the kid	plural	singular	singular	encourage	greets
objrel	The poets the teacher stimulates engage the guy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	engages
objrel	The poets the uncle confuses admire the mother	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel	The poets the uncle criticizes avoid the doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel	The poets the uncle encourages approve the aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel	The poets the uncle encourages stimulate the teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel	The poets the uncle inspires understand the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspire	understands
objrel	The poets the victim admires know the aunt	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel	The poets the victim criticizes know the kid	plural	singular	singular	criticize	knows
objrel	The poets the victim understands discourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	understand	discourages
objrel	The poets the victim understands greet the woman	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel	The poets the woman admires observe the girl	plural	singular	singular	admire	observes
objrel	The poets the woman approves greet the uncle	plural	singular	singular	approve	greets
objrel	The poets the woman encourages criticize the singer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel	The poets the woman greets know the friend	plural	singular	singular	greet	knows
objrel	The poets the woman inspires greet the farmer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	greets
objrel	The singers the athlete avoids inspire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoid	inspires
objrel	The singers the athlete confuses inspire the friend	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel	The singers the athlete engages know the teacher	plural	singular	singular	engage	knows
objrel	The singers the athlete remembers understand the victim	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel	The singers the aunt discourages criticize the uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourage	criticizes
objrel	The singers the boy approves remember the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	approve	remembers
objrel	The singers the boy encourages greet the uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourage	greets
objrel	The singers the carpenter approves encourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	approve	encourages
objrel	The singers the carpenter confuses understand the man	plural	singular	singular	confuse	understands
objrel	The singers the carpenter remembers discourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel	The singers the carpenter stimulates avoid the girl	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	avoids
objrel	The singers the carpenter understands approve the aunt	plural	singular	singular	understand	approves
objrel	The singers the doctor criticizes confuse the victim	plural	singular	singular	criticize	confuses
objrel	The singers the doctor discourages greet the boy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	greets
objrel	The singers the doctor understands encourage the girl	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel	The singers the doctor understands know the mother	plural	singular	singular	understand	knows
objrel	The singers the farmer stimulates avoid the guy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	avoids
objrel	The singers the father observes know the victim	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel	The singers the friend avoids inspire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	avoid	inspires
objrel	The singers the friend greets admire the woman	plural	singular	singular	greet	admires
objrel	The singers the friend inspires avoid the woman	plural	singular	singular	inspire	avoids
objrel	The singers the friend observes discourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	observe	discourages
objrel	The singers the friend understands greet the father	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel	The singers the girl admires approve the athlete	plural	singular	singular	admire	approves
objrel	The singers the girl confuses stimulate the mother	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel	The singers the girl criticizes avoid the man	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel	The singers the girl engages know the mother	plural	singular	singular	engage	knows
objrel	The singers the guy avoids inspire the kid	plural	singular	singular	avoid	inspires
objrel	The singers the guy greets know the athlete	plural	singular	singular	greet	knows
objrel	The singers the guy knows encourage the man	plural	singular	singular	know	encourages
objrel	The singers the guy knows engage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	know	engages
objrel	The singers the guy understands observe the friend	plural	singular	singular	understand	observes
objrel	The singers the kid inspires encourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	inspire	encourages
objrel	The singers the lawyer greets stimulate the boy	plural	singular	singular	greet	stimulates
objrel	The singers the lawyer understands avoid the poet	plural	singular	singular	understand	avoids
objrel	The singers the man greets admire the woman	plural	singular	singular	greet	admires
objrel	The singers the man observes criticize the guy	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel	The singers the mother approves criticize the guy	plural	singular	singular	approve	criticizes
objrel	The singers the mother avoids observe the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	observes
objrel	The singers the mother discourages observe the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourage	observes
objrel	The singers the mother encourages greet the victim	plural	singular	singular	encourage	greets
objrel	The singers the mother inspires confuse the uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspire	confuses
objrel	The singers the mother stimulates observe the man	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	observes
objrel	The singers the poet admires avoid the girl	plural	singular	singular	admire	avoids
objrel	The singers the poet confuses remember the woman	plural	singular	singular	confuse	remembers
objrel	The singers the teacher avoids know the poet	plural	singular	singular	avoid	knows
objrel	The singers the teacher discourages criticize the girl	plural	singular	singular	discourage	criticizes
objrel	The singers the teacher encourages approve the boy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel	The singers the teacher observes avoid the mother	plural	singular	singular	observe	avoids
objrel	The singers the uncle admires understand the athlete	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel	The singers the uncle observes encourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel	The singers the victim discourages inspire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	inspires
objrel	The singers the woman confuses inspire the guy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel	The singers the woman criticizes avoid the athlete	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel	The singers the woman criticizes remember the father	plural	singular	singular	criticize	remembers
objrel	The singers the woman criticizes understand the aunt	plural	singular	singular	criticize	understands
objrel	The teachers the athlete confuses inspire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel	The teachers the athlete greets admire the poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	admires
objrel	The teachers the athlete observes confuse the doctor	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel	The teachers the athlete observes confuse the poet	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel	The teachers the athlete stimulates admire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	admires
objrel	The teachers the athlete understands inspire the boy	plural	singular	singular	understand	inspires
objrel	The teachers the boy greets understand the woman	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel	The teachers the boy observes stimulate the aunt	plural	singular	singular	observe	stimulates
objrel	The teachers the boy remembers avoid the farmer	plural	singular	singular	remember	avoids
objrel	The teachers the boy remembers inspire the man	plural	singular	singular	remember	inspires
objrel	The teachers the carpenter approves remember the singer	plural	singular	singular	approve	remembers
objrel	The teachers the carpenter engages greet the father	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel	The teachers the carpenter inspires greet the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	greets
objrel	The teachers the carpenter observes discourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	observe	discourages
objrel	The teachers the carpenter understands know the doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	knows
objrel	The teachers the doctor stimulates approve the uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	approves
objrel	The teachers the father confuses admire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel	The teachers the father encourages confuse the boy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	confuses
objrel	The teachers the father greets approve the woman	plural	singular	singular	greet	approves
objrel	The teachers the friend admires understand the father	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel	The teachers the friend encourages engage the girl	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel	The teachers the friend observes approve the mother	plural	singular	singular	observe	approves
objrel	The teachers the girl observes admire the father	plural	singular	singular	observe	admires
objrel	The teachers the girl remembers criticize the doctor	plural	singular	singular	remember	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the girl understands encourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel	The teachers the girl understands remember the father	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel	The teachers the guy inspires approve the farmer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel	The teachers the guy observes criticize the boy	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the kid engages criticize the woman	plural	singular	singular	engage	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the kid remembers stimulate the aunt	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel	The teachers the kid stimulates know the boy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	knows
objrel	The teachers the kid understands observe the guy	plural	singular	singular	understand	observes
objrel	The teachers the lawyer engages greet the aunt	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel	The teachers the lawyer inspires encourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	inspire	encourages
objrel	The teachers the man approves avoid the singer	plural	singular	singular	approve	avoids
objrel	The teachers the man criticizes avoid the athlete	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel	The teachers the man engages discourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	engage	discourages
objrel	The teachers the man remembers approve the singer	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel	The teachers the man stimulates encourage the father	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	encourages
objrel	The teachers the mother encourages greet the woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	greets
objrel	The teachers the mother inspires approve the singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel	The teachers the poet greets confuse the kid	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel	The teachers the singer discourages understand the athlete	plural	singular	singular	discourage	understands
objrel	The teachers the singer knows avoid the poet	plural	singular	singular	know	avoids
objrel	The teachers the uncle approves stimulate the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approve	stimulates
objrel	The teachers the uncle criticizes inspire the father	plural	singular	singular	criticize	inspires
objrel	The teachers the uncle engages understand the doctor	plural	singular	singular	engage	understands
objrel	The teachers the uncle knows approve the poet	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel	The teachers the victim admires greet the singer	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel	The teachers the victim confuses stimulate the athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel	The teachers the victim encourages confuse the mother	plural	singular	singular	encourage	confuses
objrel	The teachers the victim inspires criticize the girl	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the woman admires inspire the father	plural	singular	singular	admire	inspires
objrel	The teachers the woman greets understand the man	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel	The teachers the woman stimulates admire the girl	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	admires
objrel	The teachers the woman stimulates confuse the aunt	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel	The uncles the athlete avoids confuse the doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel	The uncles the athlete confuses approve the girl	plural	singular	singular	confuse	approves
objrel	The uncles the athlete discourages criticize the friend	plural	singular	singular	discourage	criticizes
objrel	The uncles the athlete remembers stimulate the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel	The uncles the aunt admires criticize the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	admire	criticizes
objrel	The uncles the aunt criticizes discourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticize	discourages
objrel	The uncles the boy approves engage the woman	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel	The uncles the boy confuses encourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	encourages
objrel	The uncles the doctor avoids approve the girl	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel	The uncles the doctor greets observe the friend	plural	singular	singular	greet	observes
objrel	The uncles the doctor knows encourage the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	know	encourages
objrel	The uncles the doctor remembers inspire the poet	plural	singular	singular	remember	inspires
objrel	The uncles the doctor understands avoid the boy	plural	singular	singular	understand	avoids
objrel	The uncles the doctor understands avoid the farmer	plural	singular	singular	understand	avoids
objrel	The uncles the farmer knows admire the father	plural	singular	singular	know	admires
objrel	The uncles the farmer knows observe the kid	plural	singular	singular	know	observes
objrel	The uncles the farmer stimulates encourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	encourages
objrel	The uncles the farmer understands know the victim	plural	singular	singular	understand	knows
objrel	The uncles the father approves greet the woman	plural	singular	singular	approve	greets
objrel	The uncles the father encourages confuse the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	confuses
objrel	The uncles the father observes admire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observe	admires
objrel	The uncles the father understands approve the mother	plural	singular	singular	understand	approves
objrel	The uncles the friend admires know the father	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel	The uncles the friend avoids confuse the singer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel	The uncles the friend discourages encourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel	The uncles the friend understands remember the father	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel	The uncles the girl avoids admire the woman	plural	singular	singular	avoid	admires
objrel	The uncles the girl confuses know the boy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	knows
objrel	The uncles the girl discourages criticize the doctor	plural	singular	singular	discourage	criticizes
objrel	The uncles the girl inspires discourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	inspire	discourages
objrel	The uncles the guy greets understand the girl	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel	The uncles the lawyer confuses criticize the doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuse	criticizes
objrel	The uncles the lawyer inspires engage the poet	plural	singular	singular	inspire	engages
objrel	The uncles the lawyer knows remember the guy	plural	singular	singular	know	remembers
objrel	The uncles the man discourages understand the father	plural	singular	singular	discourage	understands
objrel	The uncles the mother discourages avoid the teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourage	avoids
objrel	The uncles the mother engages observe the athlete	plural	singular	singular	engage	observes
objrel	The uncles the mother greets encourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	greet	encourages
objrel	The uncles the mother greets engage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	greet	engages
objrel	The uncles the mother knows engage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	know	engages
objrel	The uncles the poet approves confuse the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approve	confuses
objrel	The uncles the singer discourages confuse the father	plural	singular	singular	discourage	confuses
objrel	The uncles the singer encourages criticize the boy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel	The uncles the teacher admires observe the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	admire	observes
objrel	The uncles the teacher greets approve the kid	plural	singular	singular	greet	approves
objrel	The uncles the teacher knows inspire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel	The uncles the victim admires observe the woman	plural	singular	singular	admire	observes
objrel	The uncles the woman knows admire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	know	admires
objrel	The victims the athlete inspires criticize the friend	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel	The victims the aunt admires remember the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	admire	remembers
objrel	The victims the aunt approves confuse the farmer	plural	singular	singular	approve	confuses
objrel	The victims the aunt greets understand the kid	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel	The victims the aunt observes encourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel	The victims the boy criticizes engage the guy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	engages
objrel	The victims the boy greets discourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	greet	discourages
objrel	The victims the boy knows stimulate the girl	plural	singular	singular	know	stimulates
objrel	The victims the carpenter admires criticize the uncle	plural	singular	singular	admire	criticizes
objrel	The victims the carpenter admires encourage the girl	plural	singular	singular	admire	encourages
objrel	The victims the carpenter engages admire the boy	plural	singular	singular	engage	admires
objrel	The victims the carpenter engages discourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	engage	discourages
objrel	The victims the doctor avoids inspire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	inspires
objrel	The victims the doctor observes criticize the boy	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel	The victims the farmer remembers confuse the man	plural	singular	singular	remember	confuses
objrel	The victims the father approves avoid the athlete	plural	singular	singular	approve	avoids
objrel	The victims the father avoids stimulate the poet	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel	The victims the father engages understand the athlete	plural	singular	singular	engage	understands
objrel	The victims the father greets encourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	encourages
objrel	The victims the friend knows inspire the man	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel	The victims the girl avoids criticize the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel	The victims the girl inspires avoid the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspire	avoids
objrel	The victims the guy inspires stimulate the kid	plural	singular	singular	inspire	stimulates
objrel	The victims the guy stimulates criticize the uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	criticizes
objrel	The victims the guy understands avoid the uncle	plural	singular	singular	understand	avoids
objrel	The victims the kid admires greet the poet	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel	The victims the kid engages greet the doctor	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel	The victims the lawyer approves discourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel	The victims the lawyer avoids engage the friend	plural	singular	singular	avoid	engages
objrel	The victims the lawyer observes admire the singer	plural	singular	singular	observe	admires
objrel	The victims the lawyer stimulates confuse the kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel	The victims the lawyer understands greet the girl	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel	The victims the man criticizes avoid the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel	The victims the man engages observe the boy	plural	singular	singular	engage	observes
objrel	The victims the man knows avoid the aunt	plural	singular	singular	know	avoids
objrel	The victims the mother avoids know the father	plural	singular	singular	avoid	knows
objrel	The victims the mother confuses observe the man	plural	singular	singular	confuse	observes
objrel	The victims the mother understands encourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel	The victims the poet greets criticize the mother	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel	The victims the poet observes criticize the kid	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel	The victims the poet remembers know the uncle	plural	singular	singular	remember	knows
objrel	The victims the poet understands encourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel	The victims the singer remembers inspire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remember	inspires
objrel	The victims the teacher avoids criticize the boy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel	The victims the teacher confuses criticize the doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuse	criticizes
objrel	The victims the teacher engages avoid the athlete	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel	The victims the teacher greets know the doctor	plural	singular	singular	greet	knows
objrel	The victims the woman approves confuse the aunt	plural	singular	singular	approve	confuses
objrel	The victims the woman stimulates observe the guy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	observes
objrel	The women the athlete discourages confuse the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourage	confuses
objrel	The women the aunt admires inspire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admire	inspires
objrel	The women the aunt understands inspire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	understand	inspires
objrel	The women the aunt understands inspire the man	plural	singular	singular	understand	inspires
objrel	The women the boy engages greet the victim	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel	The women the boy greets confuse the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel	The women the boy greets understand the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel	The women the boy stimulates avoid the doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	avoids
objrel	The women the carpenter knows avoid the father	plural	singular	singular	know	avoids
objrel	The women the doctor confuses encourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	confuse	encourages
objrel	The women the doctor remembers avoid the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	remember	avoids
objrel	The women the farmer avoids remember the singer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel	The women the farmer discourages admire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel	The women the farmer understands remember the poet	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel	The women the friend encourages stimulate the girl	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel	The women the friend greets confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel	The women the friend stimulates confuse the boy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel	The women the friend understands remember the man	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel	The women the girl approves inspire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	approve	inspires
objrel	The women the girl encourages confuse the friend	plural	singular	singular	encourage	confuses
objrel	The women the guy remembers admire the mother	plural	singular	singular	remember	admires
objrel	The women the kid discourages confuse the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourage	confuses
objrel	The women the lawyer confuses avoid the father	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel	The women the lawyer encourages observe the farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel	The women the lawyer greets admire the victim	plural	singular	singular	greet	admires
objrel	The women the man confuses know the aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuse	knows
objrel	The women the man criticizes know the farmer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	knows
objrel	The women the man inspires encourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	inspire	encourages
objrel	The women the man remembers avoid the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	remember	avoids
objrel	The women the man understands discourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	understand	discourages
objrel	The women the mother admires confuse the father	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel	The women the mother admires encourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	admire	encourages
objrel	The women the mother confuses stimulate the father	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel	The women the mother discourages admire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel	The women the mother encourages approve the farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel	The women the mother engages criticize the athlete	plural	singular	singular	engage	criticizes
objrel	The women the mother engages inspire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	engage	inspires
objrel	The women the mother engages remember the farmer	plural	singular	singular	engage	remembers
objrel	The women the mother understands encourage the father	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel	The women the teacher remembers encourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	remember	encourages
objrel	The women the teacher remembers understand the girl	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel	The women the teacher understands avoid the kid	plural	singular	singular	understand	avoids
objrel	The women the teacher understands engage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	engages
objrel	The women the uncle encourages stimulate the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel	The women the victim approves discourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel	The women the victim approves greet the girl	plural	singular	singular	approve	greets
objrel	The women the victim avoids encourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoid	encourages
objrel	The women the victim inspires criticize the mother	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel	The women the victim observes criticize the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel	The women the victim stimulates greet the uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	greets
objrel	The athletes the aunt greets stimulate the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objrel	The athletes the boy criticizes approve the girls	plural	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objrel	The athletes the carpenter confuses greet the farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel	The athletes the carpenter encourages avoid the guys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel	The athletes the carpenter encourages avoid the kids	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel	The athletes the carpenter observes encourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objrel	The athletes the carpenter observes greet the women	plural	singular	plural	observe	greets
objrel	The athletes the doctor confuses admire the kids	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel	The athletes the farmer knows engage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel	The athletes the farmer observes avoid the poets	plural	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objrel	The athletes the father criticizes approve the men	plural	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objrel	The athletes the father criticizes confuse the teachers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objrel	The athletes the father encourages inspire the singers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel	The athletes the friend inspires avoid the guys	plural	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objrel	The athletes the friend knows understand the guys	plural	singular	plural	know	understands
objrel	The athletes the girl avoids encourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objrel	The athletes the girl encourages stimulate the doctors	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel	The athletes the girl knows stimulate the poets	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel	The athletes the girl remembers approve the friends	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel	The athletes the girl stimulates know the boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objrel	The athletes the girl understands criticize the aunts	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel	The athletes the guy approves confuse the boys	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel	The athletes the guy confuses observe the fathers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel	The athletes the guy discourages encourage the kids	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel	The athletes the guy knows greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	greets
objrel	The athletes the guy remembers avoid the farmers	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel	The athletes the guy understands know the doctors	plural	singular	plural	understand	knows
objrel	The athletes the kid confuses know the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objrel	The athletes the kid criticizes encourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objrel	The athletes the kid encourages remember the farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel	The athletes the kid engages inspire the victims	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel	The athletes the kid inspires remember the farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objrel	The athletes the lawyer approves stimulate the doctors	plural	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objrel	The athletes the lawyer avoids know the teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel	The athletes the lawyer confuses avoid the friends	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel	The athletes the lawyer confuses remember the uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel	The athletes the man remembers engage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	remember	engages
objrel	The athletes the mother knows confuse the guys	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel	The athletes the mother understands engage the girls	plural	singular	plural	understand	engages
objrel	The athletes the poet approves confuse the singers	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel	The athletes the poet avoids approve the mothers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objrel	The athletes the singer discourages avoid the victims	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel	The athletes the singer inspires stimulate the poets	plural	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objrel	The athletes the singer understands approve the men	plural	singular	plural	understand	approves
objrel	The athletes the uncle admires engage the poets	plural	singular	plural	admire	engages
objrel	The athletes the uncle criticizes avoid the girls	plural	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objrel	The athletes the uncle greets remember the kids	plural	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objrel	The athletes the uncle stimulates encourage the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objrel	The athletes the victim approves discourage the guys	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel	The athletes the victim avoids encourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objrel	The athletes the victim avoids observe the teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel	The athletes the victim greets understand the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greet	understands
objrel	The athletes the woman avoids admire the victims	plural	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objrel	The athletes the woman encourages avoid the victims	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel	The athletes the woman knows understand the farmers	plural	singular	plural	know	understands
objrel	The aunts the athlete approves remember the victims	plural	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objrel	The aunts the athlete engages remember the women	plural	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objrel	The aunts the athlete understands observe the victims	plural	singular	plural	understand	observes
objrel	The aunts the boy discourages greet the guys	plural	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objrel	The aunts the carpenter encourages understand the farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objrel	The aunts the carpenter inspires stimulate the uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objrel	The aunts the doctor confuses observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel	The aunts the doctor criticizes encourage the men	plural	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objrel	The aunts the farmer engages understand the girls	plural	singular	plural	engage	understands
objrel	The aunts the farmer observes engage the poets	plural	singular	plural	observe	engages
objrel	The aunts the father greets approve the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greet	approves
objrel	The aunts the father inspires remember the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objrel	The aunts the father remembers understand the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remember	understands
objrel	The aunts the friend observes approve the poets	plural	singular	plural	observe	approves
objrel	The aunts the friend understands know the boys	plural	singular	plural	understand	knows
objrel	The aunts the guy engages stimulate the kids	plural	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objrel	The aunts the lawyer admires engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	admire	engages
objrel	The aunts the lawyer remembers engage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	remember	engages
objrel	The aunts the man remembers criticize the friends	plural	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objrel	The aunts the man understands engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	engages
objrel	The aunts the mother approves observe the uncles	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel	The aunts the mother avoids greet the kids	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel	The aunts the mother stimulates admire the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objrel	The aunts the poet inspires avoid the women	plural	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objrel	The aunts the poet observes criticize the doctors	plural	singular	plural	observe	criticizes
objrel	The aunts the singer confuses discourage the women	plural	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objrel	The aunts the singer observes greet the farmers	plural	singular	plural	observe	greets
objrel	The aunts the singer understands engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	engages
objrel	The aunts the teacher inspires confuse the boys	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel	The aunts the teacher remembers encourage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objrel	The aunts the uncle admires discourage the men	plural	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objrel	The aunts the uncle understands encourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objrel	The aunts the victim criticizes greet the friends	plural	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objrel	The aunts the victim inspires avoid the mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objrel	The aunts the victim stimulates confuse the uncles	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objrel	The aunts the woman confuses engage the singers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objrel	The aunts the woman inspires approve the girls	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel	The boys the athlete admires engage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	admire	engages
objrel	The boys the athlete approves confuse the poets	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel	The boys the aunt avoids approve the singers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objrel	The boys the aunt avoids greet the mothers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel	The boys the aunt encourages understand the fathers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objrel	The boys the aunt engages avoid the athletes	plural	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objrel	The boys the aunt inspires approve the friends	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel	The boys the aunt remembers approve the athletes	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel	The boys the aunt stimulates discourage the women	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel	The boys the carpenter avoids stimulate the poets	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel	The boys the doctor encourages know the kids	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel	The boys the doctor knows engage the friends	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel	The boys the doctor stimulates engage the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objrel	The boys the farmer inspires avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objrel	The boys the farmer inspires stimulate the poets	plural	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objrel	The boys the farmer remembers avoid the guys	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel	The boys the father approves avoid the victims	plural	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objrel	The boys the father confuses greet the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel	The boys the father knows criticize the singers	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel	The boys the father understands avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objrel	The boys the friend approves understand the kids	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel	The boys the friend avoids know the farmers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel	The boys the friend engages know the victims	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel	The boys the girl approves avoid the singers	plural	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objrel	The boys the girl criticizes observe the kids	plural	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objrel	The boys the guy engages criticize the women	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel	The boys the guy stimulates confuse the women	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objrel	The boys the kid avoids greet the doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel	The boys the kid encourages inspire the friends	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel	The boys the kid encourages know the friends	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel	The boys the kid inspires confuse the friends	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel	The boys the kid knows criticize the friends	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel	The boys the kid remembers know the fathers	plural	singular	plural	remember	knows
objrel	The boys the lawyer confuses engage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objrel	The boys the lawyer engages approve the mothers	plural	singular	plural	engage	approves
objrel	The boys the man approves admire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel	The boys the man approves know the women	plural	singular	plural	approve	knows
objrel	The boys the mother discourages avoid the friends	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel	The boys the mother observes criticize the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observe	criticizes
objrel	The boys the poet knows understand the athletes	plural	singular	plural	know	understands
objrel	The boys the singer avoids encourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objrel	The boys the singer confuses observe the women	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel	The boys the teacher criticizes encourage the guys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objrel	The boys the teacher encourages observe the uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel	The boys the teacher greets inspire the friends	plural	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objrel	The boys the uncle avoids stimulate the doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel	The boys the uncle encourages stimulate the women	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel	The boys the uncle engages know the girls	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel	The boys the uncle remembers encourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objrel	The boys the victim avoids know the doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel	The boys the victim criticizes observe the poets	plural	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objrel	The boys the victim discourages avoid the farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel	The boys the victim knows observe the men	plural	singular	plural	know	observes
objrel	The boys the woman approves encourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objrel	The boys the woman engages understand the victims	plural	singular	plural	engage	understands
objrel	The boys the woman greets engage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greet	engages
objrel	The boys the woman understands remember the uncles	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel	The carpenters the athlete engages inspire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel	The carpenters the athlete observes encourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objrel	The carpenters the athlete remembers understand the victims	plural	singular	plural	remember	understands
objrel	The carpenters the aunt admires understand the fathers	plural	singular	plural	admire	understands
objrel	The carpenters the aunt approves remember the farmers	plural	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objrel	The carpenters the aunt confuses greet the kids	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel	The carpenters the boy knows observe the farmers	plural	singular	plural	know	observes
objrel	The carpenters the doctor confuses remember the victims	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel	The carpenters the doctor encourages engage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objrel	The carpenters the doctor greets discourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objrel	The carpenters the farmer avoids criticize the doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objrel	The carpenters the farmer greets inspire the aunts	plural	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objrel	The carpenters the father admires understand the boys	plural	singular	plural	admire	understands
objrel	The carpenters the father inspires stimulate the uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objrel	The carpenters the father remembers discourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objrel	The carpenters the father stimulates discourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel	The carpenters the father stimulates encourage the friends	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objrel	The carpenters the friend confuses remember the women	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel	The carpenters the friend encourages avoid the guys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel	The carpenters the girl admires remember the doctors	plural	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objrel	The carpenters the girl remembers avoid the mothers	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel	The carpenters the guy stimulates know the doctors	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objrel	The carpenters the kid criticizes understand the men	plural	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objrel	The carpenters the kid discourages criticize the friends	plural	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objrel	The carpenters the kid inspires greet the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	greets
objrel	The carpenters the lawyer discourages observe the singers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objrel	The carpenters the lawyer stimulates observe the aunts	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel	The carpenters the man avoids inspire the kids	plural	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objrel	The carpenters the man criticizes stimulate the doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objrel	The carpenters the mother confuses remember the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel	The carpenters the mother discourages engage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objrel	The carpenters the mother encourages discourage the men	plural	singular	plural	encourage	discourages
objrel	The carpenters the mother greets remember the doctors	plural	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objrel	The carpenters the mother knows stimulate the aunts	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel	The carpenters the mother observes stimulate the doctors	plural	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objrel	The carpenters the poet admires inspire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objrel	The carpenters the singer greets approve the women	plural	singular	plural	greet	approves
objrel	The carpenters the teacher confuses inspire the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel	The carpenters the teacher greets approve the men	plural	singular	plural	greet	approves
objrel	The carpenters the teacher inspires discourage the kids	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel	The carpenters the uncle confuses admire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel	The carpenters the uncle greets criticize the poets	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel	The carpenters the uncle understands criticize the singers	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel	The carpenters the victim criticizes observe the teachers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objrel	The carpenters the woman greets admire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel	The carpenters the woman inspires approve the athletes	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel	The carpenters the woman remembers greet the aunts	plural	singular	plural	remember	greets
objrel	The doctors the athlete confuses observe the farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel	The doctors the athlete engages admire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	engage	admires
objrel	The doctors the athlete engages approve the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engage	approves
objrel	The doctors the athlete inspires avoid the farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objrel	The doctors the athlete inspires remember the aunts	plural	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objrel	The doctors the aunt observes stimulate the girls	plural	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the aunt understands admire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	admires
objrel	The doctors the boy greets confuse the athletes	plural	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objrel	The doctors the carpenter remembers avoid the singers	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel	The doctors the carpenter remembers avoid the victims	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel	The doctors the farmer admires engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	admire	engages
objrel	The doctors the farmer confuses inspire the singers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel	The doctors the father admires know the uncles	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel	The doctors the father criticizes engage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel	The doctors the father stimulates discourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel	The doctors the friend greets admire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel	The doctors the friend stimulates confuse the boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objrel	The doctors the girl admires encourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objrel	The doctors the girl approves admire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel	The doctors the girl encourages avoid the boys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel	The doctors the guy admires know the teachers	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel	The doctors the guy admires remember the farmers	plural	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objrel	The doctors the guy approves engage the friends	plural	singular	plural	approve	engages
objrel	The doctors the guy inspires approve the singers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel	The doctors the guy understands greet the mothers	plural	singular	plural	understand	greets
objrel	The doctors the kid admires know the friends	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel	The doctors the kid criticizes discourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel	The doctors the lawyer approves criticize the singers	plural	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objrel	The doctors the lawyer discourages confuse the aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objrel	The doctors the lawyer encourages remember the girls	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel	The doctors the man admires engage the kids	plural	singular	plural	admire	engages
objrel	The doctors the man encourages avoid the athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel	The doctors the mother criticizes discourage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel	The doctors the mother encourages admire the singers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel	The doctors the poet avoids stimulate the victims	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the poet criticizes approve the kids	plural	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objrel	The doctors the poet inspires admire the aunts	plural	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objrel	The doctors the poet knows approve the girls	plural	singular	plural	know	approves
objrel	The doctors the teacher approves encourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objrel	The doctors the teacher discourages inspire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objrel	The doctors the teacher inspires stimulate the uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the teacher understands avoid the girls	plural	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objrel	The doctors the teacher understands criticize the girls	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel	The doctors the uncle encourages greet the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel	The doctors the uncle inspires encourage the men	plural	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objrel	The doctors the uncle understands observe the victims	plural	singular	plural	understand	observes
objrel	The doctors the victim encourages remember the kids	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel	The doctors the victim observes stimulate the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the woman criticizes inspire the aunts	plural	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objrel	The doctors the woman criticizes know the victims	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel	The doctors the woman knows observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	know	observes
objrel	The doctors the woman remembers observe the farmers	plural	singular	plural	remember	observes
objrel	The farmers the athlete avoids confuse the girls	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel	The farmers the athlete engages remember the boys	plural	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objrel	The farmers the aunt avoids greet the teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel	The farmers the aunt observes discourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objrel	The farmers the aunt stimulates know the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objrel	The farmers the boy inspires admire the guys	plural	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objrel	The farmers the boy knows inspire the women	plural	singular	plural	know	inspires
objrel	The farmers the boy observes avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objrel	The farmers the boy observes know the friends	plural	singular	plural	observe	knows
objrel	The farmers the boy understands know the men	plural	singular	plural	understand	knows
objrel	The farmers the carpenter engages discourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objrel	The farmers the carpenter greets engage the kids	plural	singular	plural	greet	engages
objrel	The farmers the carpenter remembers observe the kids	plural	singular	plural	remember	observes
objrel	The farmers the carpenter remembers understand the poets	plural	singular	plural	remember	understands
objrel	The farmers the father criticizes confuse the boys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objrel	The farmers the father engages criticize the athletes	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the father inspires criticize the poets	plural	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the friend encourages stimulate the guys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel	The farmers the girl confuses encourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objrel	The farmers the girl criticizes avoid the boys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objrel	The farmers the girl encourages inspire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel	The farmers the kid admires confuse the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objrel	The farmers the kid admires stimulate the friends	plural	singular	plural	admire	stimulates
objrel	The farmers the kid avoids engage the boys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objrel	The farmers the kid criticizes avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objrel	The farmers the kid criticizes encourage the guys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objrel	The farmers the kid encourages know the friends	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel	The farmers the lawyer criticizes understand the poets	plural	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objrel	The farmers the lawyer greets avoid the fathers	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel	The farmers the man confuses engage the women	plural	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objrel	The farmers the man encourages admire the victims	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel	The farmers the man inspires understand the singers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objrel	The farmers the mother greets approve the poets	plural	singular	plural	greet	approves
objrel	The farmers the mother inspires observe the uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objrel	The farmers the mother observes inspire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objrel	The farmers the poet observes understand the girls	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel	The farmers the poet stimulates avoid the mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objrel	The farmers the poet understands remember the victims	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel	The farmers the singer admires avoid the fathers	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel	The farmers the singer approves confuse the teachers	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel	The farmers the singer inspires understand the aunts	plural	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objrel	The farmers the singer remembers avoid the uncles	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel	The farmers the teacher remembers greet the kids	plural	singular	plural	remember	greets
objrel	The farmers the uncle discourages avoid the doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel	The farmers the uncle greets know the aunts	plural	singular	plural	greet	knows
objrel	The farmers the uncle inspires approve the doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel	The farmers the uncle stimulates avoid the poets	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objrel	The farmers the victim inspires understand the boys	plural	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objrel	The farmers the victim observes encourage the kids	plural	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objrel	The farmers the woman criticizes approve the singers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objrel	The farmers the woman criticizes stimulate the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objrel	The farmers the woman knows inspire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	know	inspires
objrel	The farmers the woman stimulates greet the victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objrel	The fathers the athlete avoids observe the farmers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel	The fathers the aunt admires inspire the friends	plural	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objrel	The fathers the aunt approves admire the victims	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel	The fathers the aunt greets criticize the friends	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel	The fathers the boy avoids encourage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objrel	The fathers the boy greets admire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel	The fathers the boy knows discourage the friends	plural	singular	plural	know	discourages
objrel	The fathers the carpenter admires approve the uncles	plural	singular	plural	admire	approves
objrel	The fathers the carpenter approves remember the athletes	plural	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objrel	The fathers the carpenter encourages know the women	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel	The fathers the carpenter greets engage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greet	engages
objrel	The fathers the carpenter remembers approve the girls	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel	The fathers the doctor approves greet the men	plural	singular	plural	approve	greets
objrel	The fathers the doctor encourages stimulate the women	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel	The fathers the doctor stimulates criticize the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objrel	The fathers the farmer criticizes understand the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objrel	The fathers the farmer inspires observe the victims	plural	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objrel	The fathers the farmer remembers approve the uncles	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel	The fathers the friend avoids greet the aunts	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel	The fathers the friend criticizes confuse the girls	plural	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objrel	The fathers the friend inspires encourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objrel	The fathers the friend inspires observe the aunts	plural	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objrel	The fathers the friend understands encourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objrel	The fathers the girl avoids discourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	discourages
objrel	The fathers the girl avoids encourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objrel	The fathers the girl greets stimulate the women	plural	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objrel	The fathers the guy remembers inspire the doctors	plural	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objrel	The fathers the lawyer observes inspire the boys	plural	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objrel	The fathers the man discourages criticize the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objrel	The fathers the man stimulates greet the friends	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objrel	The fathers the mother observes approve the victims	plural	singular	plural	observe	approves
objrel	The fathers the poet admires discourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objrel	The fathers the poet admires inspire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objrel	The fathers the poet avoids know the boys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel	The fathers the singer admires know the uncles	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel	The fathers the singer engages criticize the farmers	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel	The fathers the singer inspires admire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objrel	The fathers the teacher approves encourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objrel	The fathers the teacher confuses admire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel	The fathers the teacher confuses greet the boys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel	The fathers the uncle avoids encourage the men	plural	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objrel	The fathers the uncle criticizes encourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objrel	The fathers the victim approves admire the kids	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel	The fathers the woman discourages approve the athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel	The fathers the woman understands observe the singers	plural	singular	plural	understand	observes
objrel	The friends the aunt criticizes observe the athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objrel	The friends the boy admires criticize the uncles	plural	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objrel	The friends the boy engages inspire the girls	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel	The friends the carpenter admires avoid the women	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel	The friends the doctor encourages admire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel	The friends the doctor greets admire the women	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel	The friends the father admires encourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objrel	The friends the father avoids confuse the singers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel	The friends the father confuses avoid the women	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel	The friends the father knows remember the girls	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel	The friends the father remembers confuse the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objrel	The friends the girl greets confuse the mothers	plural	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objrel	The friends the girl stimulates avoid the farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objrel	The friends the girl stimulates engage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objrel	The friends the guy confuses remember the aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel	The friends the guy discourages inspire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objrel	The friends the guy inspires stimulate the fathers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objrel	The friends the kid understands greet the victims	plural	singular	plural	understand	greets
objrel	The friends the lawyer remembers avoid the fathers	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel	The friends the man avoids engage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objrel	The friends the man discourages know the farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel	The friends the man greets approve the farmers	plural	singular	plural	greet	approves
objrel	The friends the man inspires remember the uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objrel	The friends the man stimulates know the boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objrel	The friends the mother avoids inspire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objrel	The friends the mother avoids know the athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel	The friends the mother criticizes inspire the women	plural	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objrel	The friends the mother encourages inspire the women	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel	The friends the poet admires observe the girls	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel	The friends the poet understands encourage the women	plural	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objrel	The friends the singer confuses remember the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel	The friends the singer knows remember the women	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel	The friends the teacher stimulates criticize the singers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objrel	The friends the uncle avoids criticize the poets	plural	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objrel	The friends the uncle criticizes know the aunts	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel	The friends the uncle discourages observe the farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objrel	The friends the victim admires encourage the guys	plural	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objrel	The friends the victim encourages confuse the boys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objrel	The friends the woman avoids confuse the boys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel	The friends the woman encourages avoid the aunts	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel	The friends the woman remembers approve the aunts	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel	The friends the woman remembers stimulate the doctors	plural	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objrel	The friends the woman understands greet the men	plural	singular	plural	understand	greets
objrel	The girls the athlete understands avoid the uncles	plural	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objrel	The girls the aunt approves avoid the boys	plural	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objrel	The girls the aunt avoids know the poets	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel	The girls the boy approves encourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objrel	The girls the boy avoids observe the uncles	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel	The girls the boy greets admire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel	The girls the carpenter approves understand the friends	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel	The girls the carpenter avoids inspire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objrel	The girls the carpenter discourages stimulate the uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objrel	The girls the carpenter discourages understand the aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourage	understands
objrel	The girls the carpenter knows engage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel	The girls the doctor admires know the poets	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel	The girls the doctor discourages greet the singers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objrel	The girls the farmer observes avoid the victims	plural	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objrel	The girls the farmer stimulates greet the kids	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objrel	The girls the father confuses encourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objrel	The girls the father inspires greet the doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspire	greets
objrel	The girls the father observes inspire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objrel	The girls the father remembers avoid the poets	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel	The girls the friend greets engage the men	plural	singular	plural	greet	engages
objrel	The girls the friend inspires criticize the doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objrel	The girls the friend observes avoid the guys	plural	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objrel	The girls the friend understands approve the boys	plural	singular	plural	understand	approves
objrel	The girls the guy approves understand the singers	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel	The girls the guy avoids observe the teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel	The girls the kid confuses observe the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel	The girls the kid criticizes understand the guys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objrel	The girls the kid discourages inspire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objrel	The girls the kid encourages know the athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel	The girls the lawyer admires know the kids	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel	The girls the lawyer confuses encourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objrel	The girls the lawyer confuses greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel	The girls the lawyer greets avoid the men	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel	The girls the lawyer understands criticize the men	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel	The girls the man encourages understand the aunts	plural	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objrel	The girls the man stimulates observe the guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel	The girls the mother encourages admire the boys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel	The girls the mother remembers know the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remember	knows
objrel	The girls the mother stimulates approve the farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel	The girls the poet encourages avoid the athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel	The girls the poet engages discourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objrel	The girls the poet engages know the kids	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel	The girls the poet understands remember the fathers	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel	The girls the singer engages confuse the boys	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel	The girls the singer inspires confuse the fathers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel	The girls the singer knows discourage the guys	plural	singular	plural	know	discourages
objrel	The girls the singer observes avoid the poets	plural	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objrel	The girls the teacher confuses engage the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objrel	The girls the teacher criticizes encourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objrel	The girls the teacher remembers approve the fathers	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel	The girls the uncle understands discourage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objrel	The girls the victim understands engage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	understand	engages
objrel	The girls the woman confuses engage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objrel	The girls the woman understands approve the doctors	plural	singular	plural	understand	approves
objrel	The guys the aunt avoids confuse the men	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel	The guys the aunt avoids confuse the women	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel	The guys the aunt remembers greet the kids	plural	singular	plural	remember	greets
objrel	The guys the boy approves understand the mothers	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel	The guys the boy confuses criticize the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objrel	The guys the carpenter discourages criticize the kids	plural	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objrel	The guys the carpenter encourages understand the boys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objrel	The guys the carpenter understands admire the kids	plural	singular	plural	understand	admires
objrel	The guys the doctor admires avoid the aunts	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel	The guys the farmer discourages encourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel	The guys the farmer remembers know the friends	plural	singular	plural	remember	knows
objrel	The guys the father admires avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel	The guys the father engages criticize the doctors	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel	The guys the father understands engage the girls	plural	singular	plural	understand	engages
objrel	The guys the friend approves know the mothers	plural	singular	plural	approve	knows
objrel	The guys the friend observes confuse the men	plural	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objrel	The guys the friend observes remember the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel	The guys the friend stimulates engage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objrel	The guys the girl confuses stimulate the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objrel	The guys the girl greets confuse the mothers	plural	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objrel	The guys the kid engages confuse the teachers	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel	The guys the lawyer admires greet the friends	plural	singular	plural	admire	greets
objrel	The guys the lawyer confuses criticize the farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objrel	The guys the lawyer discourages criticize the friends	plural	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objrel	The guys the lawyer inspires stimulate the men	plural	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objrel	The guys the man admires approve the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	admire	approves
objrel	The guys the man confuses greet the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel	The guys the man confuses understand the uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objrel	The guys the man remembers criticize the kids	plural	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objrel	The guys the mother avoids understand the poets	plural	singular	plural	avoid	understands
objrel	The guys the mother confuses understand the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objrel	The guys the mother discourages inspire the poets	plural	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objrel	The guys the mother inspires discourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel	The guys the poet discourages avoid the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel	The guys the poet discourages avoid the women	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel	The guys the poet understands know the teachers	plural	singular	plural	understand	knows
objrel	The guys the singer admires encourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objrel	The guys the singer approves discourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel	The guys the singer discourages encourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel	The guys the singer discourages encourage the women	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel	The guys the singer encourages admire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel	The guys the singer stimulates criticize the women	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objrel	The guys the teacher understands discourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objrel	The guys the uncle knows approve the teachers	plural	singular	plural	know	approves
objrel	The guys the uncle understands admire the women	plural	singular	plural	understand	admires
objrel	The guys the victim confuses criticize the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objrel	The guys the victim discourages understand the teachers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	understands
objrel	The guys the victim inspires engage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objrel	The guys the woman observes understand the mothers	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel	The kids the athlete criticizes avoid the friends	plural	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objrel	The kids the athlete knows confuse the fathers	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel	The kids the aunt encourages approve the boys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel	The kids the aunt encourages criticize the friends	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel	The kids the aunt engages observe the fathers	plural	singular	plural	engage	observes
objrel	The kids the aunt inspires remember the men	plural	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objrel	The kids the boy avoids discourage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoid	discourages
objrel	The kids the boy inspires admire the poets	plural	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objrel	The kids the boy observes know the teachers	plural	singular	plural	observe	knows
objrel	The kids the doctor approves inspire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objrel	The kids the doctor confuses know the mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objrel	The kids the doctor engages inspire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel	The kids the doctor knows greet the poets	plural	singular	plural	know	greets
objrel	The kids the doctor observes remember the singers	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel	The kids the farmer avoids observe the fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel	The kids the farmer discourages approve the fathers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel	The kids the farmer inspires observe the guys	plural	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objrel	The kids the father observes greet the victims	plural	singular	plural	observe	greets
objrel	The kids the friend admires confuse the boys	plural	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objrel	The kids the friend admires encourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objrel	The kids the friend approves observe the girls	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel	The kids the friend avoids admire the singers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objrel	The kids the friend greets remember the men	plural	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objrel	The kids the friend knows encourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	know	encourages
objrel	The kids the friend understands avoid the athletes	plural	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objrel	The kids the girl greets criticize the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel	The kids the guy confuses discourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objrel	The kids the guy knows confuse the fathers	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel	The kids the guy observes greet the teachers	plural	singular	plural	observe	greets
objrel	The kids the guy understands admire the doctors	plural	singular	plural	understand	admires
objrel	The kids the lawyer approves encourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objrel	The kids the lawyer avoids know the doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel	The kids the lawyer engages understand the victims	plural	singular	plural	engage	understands
objrel	The kids the man criticizes stimulate the boys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objrel	The kids the man remembers stimulate the women	plural	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objrel	The kids the mother admires remember the victims	plural	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objrel	The kids the mother observes greet the aunts	plural	singular	plural	observe	greets
objrel	The kids the poet confuses greet the men	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel	The kids the poet encourages observe the uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel	The kids the poet understands remember the farmers	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel	The kids the singer greets remember the boys	plural	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objrel	The kids the singer stimulates encourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objrel	The kids the teacher encourages greet the guys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel	The kids the uncle confuses avoid the victims	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel	The kids the uncle confuses discourage the friends	plural	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objrel	The kids the uncle observes remember the victims	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel	The kids the uncle remembers encourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objrel	The kids the uncle stimulates admire the poets	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objrel	The kids the uncle stimulates approve the doctors	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel	The kids the uncle understands engage the poets	plural	singular	plural	understand	engages
objrel	The kids the victim approves avoid the women	plural	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objrel	The kids the victim avoids engage the girls	plural	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objrel	The kids the victim avoids greet the women	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel	The kids the woman discourages engage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objrel	The lawyers the athlete avoids stimulate the uncles	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel	The lawyers the boy avoids inspire the friends	plural	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the boy observes remember the doctors	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel	The lawyers the carpenter admires inspire the boys	plural	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the carpenter avoids encourage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objrel	The lawyers the carpenter criticizes know the men	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel	The lawyers the carpenter inspires admire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objrel	The lawyers the carpenter remembers confuse the athletes	plural	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objrel	The lawyers the doctor engages encourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	engage	encourages
objrel	The lawyers the doctor understands criticize the kids	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel	The lawyers the farmer approves greet the mothers	plural	singular	plural	approve	greets
objrel	The lawyers the farmer criticizes understand the women	plural	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objrel	The lawyers the farmer encourages avoid the uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel	The lawyers the farmer encourages stimulate the girls	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel	The lawyers the father approves stimulate the kids	plural	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objrel	The lawyers the father avoids observe the singers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel	The lawyers the father encourages approve the guys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel	The lawyers the father encourages observe the uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel	The lawyers the father remembers confuse the doctors	plural	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objrel	The lawyers the father understands engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	engages
objrel	The lawyers the friend approves greet the aunts	plural	singular	plural	approve	greets
objrel	The lawyers the friend inspires avoid the aunts	plural	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objrel	The lawyers the friend stimulates inspire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the girl criticizes confuse the farmers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objrel	The lawyers the girl criticizes inspire the women	plural	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the guy confuses observe the farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel	The lawyers the guy discourages criticize the men	plural	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objrel	The lawyers the kid discourages stimulate the athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objrel	The lawyers the kid greets admire the friends	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel	The lawyers the kid remembers inspire the doctors	plural	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the man engages inspire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the mother observes know the girls	plural	singular	plural	observe	knows
objrel	The lawyers the poet avoids admire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objrel	The lawyers the poet observes know the girls	plural	singular	plural	observe	knows
objrel	The lawyers the poet understands engage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	understand	engages
objrel	The lawyers the singer admires encourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objrel	The lawyers the singer discourages observe the farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objrel	The lawyers the singer encourages avoid the girls	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel	The lawyers the singer stimulates confuse the teachers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objrel	The lawyers the teacher admires inspire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the teacher stimulates observe the farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel	The lawyers the uncle approves greet the women	plural	singular	plural	approve	greets
objrel	The lawyers the uncle encourages know the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel	The lawyers the uncle engages approve the singers	plural	singular	plural	engage	approves
objrel	The lawyers the victim admires discourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objrel	The lawyers the victim avoids inspire the guys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the victim confuses greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel	The lawyers the victim inspires remember the kids	plural	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objrel	The lawyers the victim stimulates know the teachers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objrel	The lawyers the victim stimulates observe the friends	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel	The lawyers the victim understands know the athletes	plural	singular	plural	understand	knows
objrel	The lawyers the woman admires greet the kids	plural	singular	plural	admire	greets
objrel	The lawyers the woman approves observe the friends	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel	The lawyers the woman inspires understand the girls	plural	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objrel	The men the athlete confuses remember the guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel	The men the athlete criticizes inspire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objrel	The men the athlete encourages understand the friends	plural	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objrel	The men the athlete knows observe the poets	plural	singular	plural	know	observes
objrel	The men the aunt criticizes know the poets	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel	The men the aunt inspires confuse the singers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel	The men the aunt knows discourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	know	discourages
objrel	The men the aunt observes inspire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objrel	The men the boy approves remember the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objrel	The men the carpenter approves confuse the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel	The men the carpenter criticizes encourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objrel	The men the carpenter discourages inspire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objrel	The men the carpenter discourages observe the mothers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objrel	The men the carpenter engages discourage the women	plural	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objrel	The men the doctor confuses criticize the victims	plural	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objrel	The men the doctor encourages remember the teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel	The men the doctor engages avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objrel	The men the doctor greets remember the teachers	plural	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objrel	The men the doctor remembers greet the friends	plural	singular	plural	remember	greets
objrel	The men the farmer admires inspire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objrel	The men the father admires avoid the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel	The men the father confuses remember the kids	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel	The men the father criticizes inspire the poets	plural	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objrel	The men the father discourages engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objrel	The men the friend remembers confuse the mothers	plural	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objrel	The men the girl encourages remember the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel	The men the girl encourages understand the uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objrel	The men the girl stimulates remember the teachers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objrel	The men the girl understands discourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objrel	The men the guy approves admire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel	The men the guy inspires engage the girls	plural	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objrel	The men the kid approves encourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objrel	The men the kid avoids criticize the athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objrel	The men the kid observes encourage the friends	plural	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objrel	The men the kid understands confuse the poets	plural	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objrel	The men the lawyer inspires engage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objrel	The men the lawyer knows engage the girls	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel	The men the mother inspires approve the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel	The men the mother knows remember the singers	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel	The men the mother remembers confuse the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objrel	The men the poet confuses greet the victims	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel	The men the poet criticizes remember the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objrel	The men the poet remembers stimulate the teachers	plural	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objrel	The men the singer avoids greet the boys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel	The men the singer engages remember the aunts	plural	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objrel	The men the teacher confuses greet the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel	The men the teacher confuses inspire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel	The men the teacher inspires approve the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel	The men the teacher remembers engage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	remember	engages
objrel	The men the uncle confuses discourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objrel	The men the uncle knows discourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	know	discourages
objrel	The men the uncle understands inspire the poets	plural	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objrel	The men the victim confuses understand the friends	plural	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objrel	The men the woman criticizes know the athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel	The men the woman encourages stimulate the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel	The men the woman greets avoid the friends	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel	The men the woman observes admire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observe	admires
objrel	The mothers the athlete encourages avoid the men	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel	The mothers the athlete observes encourage the guys	plural	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objrel	The mothers the aunt knows discourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	know	discourages
objrel	The mothers the boy remembers approve the doctors	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel	The mothers the boy understands avoid the kids	plural	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objrel	The mothers the carpenter knows remember the athletes	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel	The mothers the carpenter remembers admire the poets	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel	The mothers the carpenter understands approve the friends	plural	singular	plural	understand	approves
objrel	The mothers the doctor avoids engage the girls	plural	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objrel	The mothers the doctor engages confuse the fathers	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel	The mothers the doctor greets discourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objrel	The mothers the farmer avoids know the athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel	The mothers the farmer stimulates approve the athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel	The mothers the father avoids know the aunts	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel	The mothers the father avoids observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel	The mothers the father engages stimulate the men	plural	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the father stimulates encourage the women	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objrel	The mothers the father understands criticize the men	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel	The mothers the friend confuses inspire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel	The mothers the friend discourages observe the uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objrel	The mothers the friend encourages engage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objrel	The mothers the friend engages understand the men	plural	singular	plural	engage	understands
objrel	The mothers the friend knows observe the women	plural	singular	plural	know	observes
objrel	The mothers the girl discourages observe the farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objrel	The mothers the girl observes engage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	observe	engages
objrel	The mothers the girl stimulates inspire the victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objrel	The mothers the guy encourages approve the farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel	The mothers the kid approves know the guys	plural	singular	plural	approve	knows
objrel	The mothers the lawyer engages greet the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engage	greets
objrel	The mothers the lawyer remembers approve the kids	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel	The mothers the singer confuses approve the kids	plural	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objrel	The mothers the singer confuses stimulate the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the singer engages remember the farmers	plural	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objrel	The mothers the teacher admires avoid the boys	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel	The mothers the teacher criticizes engage the girls	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel	The mothers the uncle confuses inspire the kids	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel	The mothers the uncle greets encourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objrel	The mothers the uncle inspires approve the guys	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel	The mothers the victim discourages criticize the poets	plural	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objrel	The mothers the victim engages remember the aunts	plural	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objrel	The mothers the woman engages discourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objrel	The mothers the woman greets observe the girls	plural	singular	plural	greet	observes
objrel	The mothers the woman knows encourage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	know	encourages
objrel	The mothers the woman remembers admire the friends	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel	The mothers the woman stimulates observe the kids	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel	The mothers the woman understands inspire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objrel	The poets the athlete encourages engage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objrel	The poets the athlete remembers observe the women	plural	singular	plural	remember	observes
objrel	The poets the boy discourages greet the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objrel	The poets the boy knows engage the friends	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel	The poets the boy understands remember the teachers	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel	The poets the carpenter approves encourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objrel	The poets the carpenter confuses know the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objrel	The poets the carpenter remembers criticize the friends	plural	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objrel	The poets the carpenter understands know the guys	plural	singular	plural	understand	knows
objrel	The poets the doctor approves avoid the aunts	plural	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objrel	The poets the doctor engages remember the victims	plural	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objrel	The poets the farmer confuses discourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objrel	The poets the farmer discourages encourage the friends	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel	The poets the father knows admire the victims	plural	singular	plural	know	admires
objrel	The poets the father understands remember the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel	The poets the friend confuses avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel	The poets the friend stimulates discourage the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel	The poets the guy approves inspire the singers	plural	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objrel	The poets the guy avoids stimulate the farmers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel	The poets the guy discourages criticize the boys	plural	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objrel	The poets the guy encourages avoid the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel	The poets the guy stimulates discourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel	The poets the guy understands remember the fathers	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel	The poets the kid inspires criticize the doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objrel	The poets the kid understands criticize the athletes	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel	The poets the lawyer encourages stimulate the kids	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel	The poets the lawyer inspires greet the victims	plural	singular	plural	inspire	greets
objrel	The poets the man avoids criticize the fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objrel	The poets the man avoids stimulate the guys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel	The poets the mother admires criticize the guys	plural	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objrel	The poets the mother admires engage the singers	plural	singular	plural	admire	engages
objrel	The poets the mother observes confuse the aunts	plural	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objrel	The poets the teacher understands stimulate the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objrel	The poets the uncle encourages discourage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourage	discourages
objrel	The poets the victim admires avoid the singers	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel	The poets the victim stimulates approve the singers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel	The poets the victim stimulates encourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objrel	The poets the woman encourages criticize the farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel	The poets the woman greets stimulate the boys	plural	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objrel	The poets the woman knows discourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	know	discourages
objrel	The singers the athlete avoids understand the guys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	understands
objrel	The singers the athlete encourages know the kids	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel	The singers the athlete greets encourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objrel	The singers the aunt approves greet the poets	plural	singular	plural	approve	greets
objrel	The singers the aunt avoids stimulate the fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel	The singers the carpenter knows greet the friends	plural	singular	plural	know	greets
objrel	The singers the doctor approves observe the men	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel	The singers the doctor discourages encourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel	The singers the doctor encourages remember the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel	The singers the doctor greets encourage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objrel	The singers the farmer admires confuse the teachers	plural	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objrel	The singers the father approves know the athletes	plural	singular	plural	approve	knows
objrel	The singers the father confuses approve the kids	plural	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objrel	The singers the father observes engage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observe	engages
objrel	The singers the father stimulates greet the mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objrel	The singers the girl admires confuse the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objrel	The singers the girl criticizes confuse the kids	plural	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objrel	The singers the girl engages avoid the teachers	plural	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objrel	The singers the guy approves confuse the aunts	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel	The singers the guy criticizes engage the poets	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel	The singers the guy discourages engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objrel	The singers the guy engages approve the girls	plural	singular	plural	engage	approves
objrel	The singers the guy observes understand the aunts	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel	The singers the guy understands greet the farmers	plural	singular	plural	understand	greets
objrel	The singers the kid encourages observe the poets	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel	The singers the lawyer greets criticize the uncles	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel	The singers the lawyer inspires admire the poets	plural	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objrel	The singers the man approves remember the victims	plural	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objrel	The singers the man engages avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objrel	The singers the mother confuses observe the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel	The singers the poet encourages remember the doctors	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel	The singers the poet inspires remember the doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objrel	The singers the poet observes admire the friends	plural	singular	plural	observe	admires
objrel	The singers the victim admires discourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objrel	The singers the victim admires know the poets	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel	The singers the victim avoids approve the men	plural	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objrel	The singers the victim encourages admire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel	The singers the victim remembers inspire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objrel	The singers the woman approves observe the guys	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel	The teachers the athlete admires approve the boys	plural	singular	plural	admire	approves
objrel	The teachers the athlete discourages know the uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel	The teachers the athlete greets remember the men	plural	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objrel	The teachers the athlete inspires confuse the victims	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel	The teachers the athlete remembers discourage the kids	plural	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objrel	The teachers the aunt criticizes avoid the doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objrel	The teachers the aunt encourages approve the singers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel	The teachers the aunt stimulates avoid the friends	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objrel	The teachers the boy confuses inspire the singers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel	The teachers the boy encourages observe the mothers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel	The teachers the carpenter admires remember the guys	plural	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objrel	The teachers the carpenter approves confuse the victims	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel	The teachers the doctor admires discourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objrel	The teachers the doctor discourages greet the victims	plural	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objrel	The teachers the doctor greets engage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	greet	engages
objrel	The teachers the doctor remembers admire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel	The teachers the farmer discourages know the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel	The teachers the farmer understands approve the singers	plural	singular	plural	understand	approves
objrel	The teachers the father approves stimulate the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objrel	The teachers the father inspires know the kids	plural	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objrel	The teachers the father observes confuse the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objrel	The teachers the friend approves observe the girls	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel	The teachers the friend knows remember the girls	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel	The teachers the friend observes remember the uncles	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel	The teachers the friend remembers avoid the uncles	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel	The teachers the girl avoids criticize the poets	plural	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the girl avoids engage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objrel	The teachers the girl criticizes remember the poets	plural	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objrel	The teachers the girl remembers understand the victims	plural	singular	plural	remember	understands
objrel	The teachers the guy confuses greet the men	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel	The teachers the guy criticizes know the aunts	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel	The teachers the guy encourages stimulate the athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel	The teachers the guy greets criticize the doctors	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the guy inspires remember the athletes	plural	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objrel	The teachers the guy stimulates inspire the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objrel	The teachers the guy stimulates understand the women	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objrel	The teachers the kid understands inspire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objrel	The teachers the lawyer admires avoid the mothers	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel	The teachers the lawyer admires observe the guys	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel	The teachers the lawyer approves admire the women	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel	The teachers the lawyer approves observe the doctors	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel	The teachers the lawyer confuses engage the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objrel	The teachers the lawyer inspires encourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objrel	The teachers the lawyer observes confuse the kids	plural	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objrel	The teachers the lawyer understands know the uncles	plural	singular	plural	understand	knows
objrel	The teachers the man admires greet the boys	plural	singular	plural	admire	greets
objrel	The teachers the man avoids inspire the boys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objrel	The teachers the man criticizes engage the kids	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel	The teachers the man knows encourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	know	encourages
objrel	The teachers the mother discourages encourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel	The teachers the mother engages confuse the athletes	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel	The teachers the poet greets criticize the kids	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the poet greets inspire the girls	plural	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objrel	The teachers the poet inspires know the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objrel	The teachers the poet stimulates greet the mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objrel	The teachers the poet understands admire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	admires
objrel	The teachers the singer confuses admire the guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel	The teachers the singer engages remember the fathers	plural	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objrel	The teachers the singer inspires discourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel	The teachers the singer knows avoid the men	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel	The teachers the uncle greets encourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objrel	The teachers the uncle inspires understand the victims	plural	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objrel	The teachers the victim approves avoid the boys	plural	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objrel	The teachers the victim stimulates encourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objrel	The teachers the woman discourages greet the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objrel	The teachers the woman observes approve the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observe	approves
objrel	The teachers the woman stimulates admire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objrel	The uncles the athlete approves stimulate the fathers	plural	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objrel	The uncles the aunt criticizes observe the guys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objrel	The uncles the aunt greets discourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objrel	The uncles the aunt observes inspire the girls	plural	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objrel	The uncles the aunt remembers criticize the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objrel	The uncles the boy engages criticize the poets	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel	The uncles the carpenter knows inspire the victims	plural	singular	plural	know	inspires
objrel	The uncles the carpenter knows remember the fathers	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel	The uncles the carpenter observes criticize the teachers	plural	singular	plural	observe	criticizes
objrel	The uncles the doctor criticizes remember the guys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objrel	The uncles the doctor engages admire the girls	plural	singular	plural	engage	admires
objrel	The uncles the farmer understands criticize the kids	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel	The uncles the father avoids discourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	discourages
objrel	The uncles the father avoids understand the doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoid	understands
objrel	The uncles the father engages observe the athletes	plural	singular	plural	engage	observes
objrel	The uncles the father knows avoid the boys	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel	The uncles the father observes avoid the mothers	plural	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objrel	The uncles the father observes confuse the aunts	plural	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objrel	The uncles the friend avoids greet the poets	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel	The uncles the friend confuses inspire the boys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel	The uncles the friend encourages stimulate the teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel	The uncles the girl approves avoid the boys	plural	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objrel	The uncles the girl discourages admire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel	The uncles the girl stimulates criticize the guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objrel	The uncles the guy knows avoid the girls	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel	The uncles the guy knows confuse the girls	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel	The uncles the kid engages avoid the farmers	plural	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objrel	The uncles the kid knows stimulate the friends	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel	The uncles the lawyer admires criticize the women	plural	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objrel	The uncles the lawyer avoids observe the guys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel	The uncles the lawyer encourages observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel	The uncles the man confuses approve the guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objrel	The uncles the man criticizes greet the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objrel	The uncles the poet observes confuse the mothers	plural	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objrel	The uncles the singer confuses understand the farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objrel	The uncles the singer criticizes discourage the kids	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel	The uncles the singer engages admire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engage	admires
objrel	The uncles the singer knows stimulate the men	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel	The uncles the singer observes encourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objrel	The uncles the teacher approves avoid the poets	plural	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objrel	The uncles the teacher engages encourage the friends	plural	singular	plural	engage	encourages
objrel	The uncles the teacher knows remember the poets	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel	The uncles the teacher observes greet the girls	plural	singular	plural	observe	greets
objrel	The uncles the victim confuses admire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel	The uncles the victim confuses understand the farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objrel	The uncles the victim remembers discourage the friends	plural	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objrel	The uncles the victim stimulates approve the fathers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel	The uncles the woman avoids know the men	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel	The uncles the woman greets remember the mothers	plural	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objrel	The uncles the woman greets understand the men	plural	singular	plural	greet	understands
objrel	The victims the athlete criticizes encourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objrel	The victims the athlete discourages inspire the boys	plural	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objrel	The victims the athlete knows avoid the mothers	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel	The victims the aunt admires discourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objrel	The victims the aunt confuses criticize the athletes	plural	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objrel	The victims the aunt greets engage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	greet	engages
objrel	The victims the boy knows engage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel	The victims the boy remembers confuse the fathers	plural	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objrel	The victims the carpenter discourages confuse the fathers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objrel	The victims the carpenter remembers confuse the uncles	plural	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objrel	The victims the carpenter understands criticize the kids	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel	The victims the carpenter understands engage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	understand	engages
objrel	The victims the doctor approves avoid the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objrel	The victims the doctor avoids understand the guys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	understands
objrel	The victims the doctor confuses admire the guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel	The victims the doctor criticizes remember the aunts	plural	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objrel	The victims the doctor engages avoid the farmers	plural	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objrel	The victims the doctor observes inspire the girls	plural	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objrel	The victims the doctor remembers greet the aunts	plural	singular	plural	remember	greets
objrel	The victims the farmer greets confuse the mothers	plural	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objrel	The victims the farmer inspires approve the girls	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel	The victims the farmer understands remember the friends	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel	The victims the father engages encourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	engage	encourages
objrel	The victims the father knows observe the guys	plural	singular	plural	know	observes
objrel	The victims the friend discourages stimulate the singers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objrel	The victims the friend knows criticize the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel	The victims the friend knows engage the guys	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel	The victims the girl greets avoid the boys	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel	The victims the guy admires criticize the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objrel	The victims the guy confuses avoid the farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel	The victims the guy greets understand the men	plural	singular	plural	greet	understands
objrel	The victims the guy inspires know the boys	plural	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objrel	The victims the kid approves understand the women	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel	The victims the kid stimulates approve the aunts	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel	The victims the lawyer observes know the teachers	plural	singular	plural	observe	knows
objrel	The victims the man knows criticize the kids	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel	The victims the man observes greet the farmers	plural	singular	plural	observe	greets
objrel	The victims the man stimulates greet the kids	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objrel	The victims the man understands encourage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objrel	The victims the mother admires remember the teachers	plural	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objrel	The victims the mother approves avoid the doctors	plural	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objrel	The victims the mother criticizes encourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objrel	The victims the mother greets stimulate the girls	plural	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objrel	The victims the poet avoids observe the mothers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel	The victims the poet encourages engage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objrel	The victims the singer approves observe the farmers	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel	The victims the singer encourages inspire the poets	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel	The victims the teacher avoids greet the doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel	The victims the teacher engages understand the doctors	plural	singular	plural	engage	understands
objrel	The victims the teacher inspires know the farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objrel	The victims the uncle criticizes discourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel	The victims the uncle discourages know the athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel	The victims the uncle knows inspire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	know	inspires
objrel	The victims the uncle knows stimulate the girls	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel	The victims the woman encourages discourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	discourages
objrel	The victims the woman remembers discourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objrel	The victims the woman understands criticize the mothers	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel	The women the athlete engages stimulate the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objrel	The women the aunt engages know the mothers	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel	The women the aunt greets observe the teachers	plural	singular	plural	greet	observes
objrel	The women the aunt remembers encourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objrel	The women the boy admires know the fathers	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel	The women the boy observes criticize the poets	plural	singular	plural	observe	criticizes
objrel	The women the carpenter greets criticize the aunts	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel	The women the carpenter observes encourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objrel	The women the doctor knows remember the mothers	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel	The women the farmer discourages criticize the doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objrel	The women the farmer discourages remember the uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objrel	The women the farmer encourages understand the victims	plural	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objrel	The women the farmer remembers greet the teachers	plural	singular	plural	remember	greets
objrel	The women the farmer understands criticize the men	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel	The women the father admires avoid the boys	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel	The women the father avoids discourage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoid	discourages
objrel	The women the father confuses observe the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel	The women the father observes encourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objrel	The women the father observes inspire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objrel	The women the father understands admire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	admires
objrel	The women the friend inspires confuse the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel	The women the girl criticizes understand the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objrel	The women the guy engages confuse the teachers	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel	The women the kid encourages avoid the poets	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel	The women the kid encourages remember the farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel	The women the kid observes approve the mothers	plural	singular	plural	observe	approves
objrel	The women the kid observes discourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objrel	The women the kid understands approve the poets	plural	singular	plural	understand	approves
objrel	The women the lawyer admires criticize the athletes	plural	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objrel	The women the lawyer approves know the friends	plural	singular	plural	approve	knows
objrel	The women the lawyer knows confuse the boys	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel	The women the lawyer stimulates criticize the victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objrel	The women the man engages admire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	engage	admires
objrel	The women the man engages inspire the friends	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel	The women the man inspires confuse the mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel	The women the man inspires encourage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objrel	The women the poet stimulates inspire the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objrel	The women the singer approves admire the girls	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel	The women the singer discourages engage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objrel	The women the teacher observes remember the fathers	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel	The women the uncle approves engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	approve	engages
objrel	The women the uncle remembers avoid the men	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel	The women the uncle stimulates observe the kids	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel	The women the victim inspires confuse the singers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel	The athletes the aunts confuse avoid the father	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
objrel	The athletes the aunts engage observe the guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel	The athletes the aunts inspire know the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel	The athletes the aunts inspire understand the mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
objrel	The athletes the aunts understand remember the girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
objrel	The athletes the boys approve remember the woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
objrel	The athletes the boys greet remember the man	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel	The athletes the carpenters confuse discourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
objrel	The athletes the carpenters discourage observe the poet	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observes
objrel	The athletes the carpenters encourage greet the guy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel	The athletes the farmers approve confuse the man	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel	The athletes the farmers confuse criticize the woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel	The athletes the farmers discourage remember the girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
objrel	The athletes the farmers encourage inspire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel	The athletes the farmers greet approve the aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel	The athletes the farmers inspire discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel	The athletes the farmers observe greet the boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel	The athletes the fathers encourage avoid the woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
objrel	The athletes the fathers greet observe the guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
objrel	The athletes the friends admire engage the victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
objrel	The athletes the friends remember engage the boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
objrel	The athletes the girls greet inspire the father	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
objrel	The athletes the girls greet stimulate the aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel	The athletes the girls observe admire the boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
objrel	The athletes the girls stimulate remember the farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel	The athletes the guys inspire encourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
objrel	The athletes the guys inspire engage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
objrel	The athletes the guys observe stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel	The athletes the kids confuse greet the woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel	The athletes the kids discourage inspire the father	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
objrel	The athletes the kids inspire remember the girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel	The athletes the lawyers engage observe the victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel	The athletes the men approve discourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
objrel	The athletes the men know approve the friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel	The athletes the mothers criticize encourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel	The athletes the mothers engage criticize the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
objrel	The athletes the mothers engage inspire the poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
objrel	The athletes the mothers observe criticize the uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel	The athletes the mothers stimulate encourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
objrel	The athletes the poets know criticize the man	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel	The athletes the poets know criticize the mother	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel	The athletes the poets understand discourage the guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
objrel	The athletes the singers criticize discourage the girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel	The athletes the singers understand admire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel	The athletes the singers understand know the aunt	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel	The athletes the teachers encourage understand the farmer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
objrel	The athletes the teachers engage approve the farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
objrel	The athletes the teachers inspire approve the friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel	The athletes the teachers stimulate discourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
objrel	The athletes the uncles confuse remember the teacher	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel	The athletes the victims approve understand the woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
objrel	The athletes the victims avoid encourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
objrel	The athletes the victims criticize greet the doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
objrel	The athletes the victims criticize inspire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
objrel	The athletes the victims remember admire the girl	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
objrel	The athletes the women inspire admire the mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admires
objrel	The athletes the women observe criticize the poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel	The aunts the athletes confuse inspire the woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel	The aunts the athletes inspire remember the teacher	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel	The aunts the athletes observe remember the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
objrel	The aunts the athletes understand discourage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
objrel	The aunts the boys criticize avoid the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
objrel	The aunts the boys engage know the uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel	The aunts the boys inspire criticize the farmer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
objrel	The aunts the carpenters greet confuse the mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel	The aunts the doctors admire criticize the guy	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
objrel	The aunts the doctors discourage inspire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
objrel	The aunts the doctors know confuse the uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel	The aunts the farmers avoid discourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
objrel	The aunts the farmers remember inspire the mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel	The aunts the farmers stimulate know the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
objrel	The aunts the farmers stimulate understand the poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
objrel	The aunts the fathers criticize understand the doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
objrel	The aunts the fathers engage avoid the boy	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel	The aunts the fathers understand observe the victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
objrel	The aunts the friends engage observe the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel	The aunts the girls engage stimulate the athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel	The aunts the guys avoid criticize the father	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel	The aunts the guys engage criticize the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
objrel	The aunts the guys engage encourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel	The aunts the kids avoid admire the father	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
objrel	The aunts the kids criticize stimulate the poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
objrel	The aunts the kids observe greet the singer	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel	The aunts the lawyers admire discourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
objrel	The aunts the lawyers confuse criticize the uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel	The aunts the lawyers inspire engage the friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
objrel	The aunts the lawyers inspire remember the athlete	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel	The aunts the lawyers remember avoid the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel	The aunts the lawyers understand discourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
objrel	The aunts the men confuse admire the girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
objrel	The aunts the men confuse remember the kid	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel	The aunts the mothers approve know the girl	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
objrel	The aunts the mothers observe admire the poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
objrel	The aunts the poets know confuse the guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel	The aunts the singers avoid greet the woman	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
objrel	The aunts the singers understand admire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel	The aunts the singers understand admire the man	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel	The aunts the teachers confuse remember the guy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel	The aunts the teachers discourage admire the guy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
objrel	The aunts the uncles confuse discourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
objrel	The aunts the uncles confuse stimulate the farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel	The aunts the uncles inspire stimulate the farmer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
objrel	The aunts the women avoid stimulate the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel	The aunts the women criticize know the man	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel	The aunts the women inspire admire the friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admires
objrel	The aunts the women remember observe the doctor	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel	The aunts the women understand stimulate the friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel	The boys the athletes criticize avoid the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
objrel	The boys the athletes greet avoid the singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel	The boys the athletes greet encourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
objrel	The boys the aunts admire remember the poet	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
objrel	The boys the carpenters inspire know the teacher	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel	The boys the carpenters observe stimulate the singer	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel	The boys the doctors know encourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel	The boys the doctors observe remember the friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
objrel	The boys the doctors remember inspire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel	The boys the doctors understand greet the victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
objrel	The boys the farmers approve admire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel	The boys the farmers avoid know the mother	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
objrel	The boys the farmers observe encourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
objrel	The boys the farmers stimulate encourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
objrel	The boys the fathers admire greet the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel	The boys the fathers avoid criticize the victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel	The boys the friends confuse stimulate the kid	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel	The boys the girls avoid remember the doctor	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
objrel	The boys the girls observe avoid the kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel	The boys the girls observe encourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
objrel	The boys the girls remember engage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
objrel	The boys the guys criticize understand the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
objrel	The boys the guys encourage admire the man	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel	The boys the guys encourage stimulate the friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
objrel	The boys the kids encourage know the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel	The boys the kids observe engage the singer	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
objrel	The boys the kids remember stimulate the man	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
objrel	The boys the lawyers greet avoid the aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel	The boys the lawyers understand avoid the woman	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel	The boys the men encourage inspire the victim	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel	The boys the men inspire know the farmer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel	The boys the men remember know the guy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
objrel	The boys the mothers confuse criticize the woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel	The boys the mothers stimulate remember the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel	The boys the poets avoid stimulate the man	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel	The boys the poets criticize approve the singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
objrel	The boys the singers approve understand the woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
objrel	The boys the singers encourage criticize the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
objrel	The boys the singers engage avoid the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel	The boys the singers inspire confuse the friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
objrel	The boys the teachers admire confuse the singer	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
objrel	The boys the teachers confuse stimulate the man	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel	The boys the teachers encourage remember the father	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
objrel	The boys the teachers inspire understand the girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
objrel	The boys the teachers know approve the farmer	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel	The boys the uncles criticize avoid the doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
objrel	The boys the uncles criticize greet the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
objrel	The boys the uncles criticize inspire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
objrel	The boys the uncles remember understand the athlete	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
objrel	The boys the victims discourage engage the friend	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
objrel	The boys the women criticize confuse the poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
objrel	The boys the women know approve the guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel	The boys the women understand stimulate the friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel	The carpenters the athletes confuse approve the aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
objrel	The carpenters the athletes encourage discourage the man	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
objrel	The carpenters the aunts discourage avoid the victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel	The carpenters the aunts greet admire the poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
objrel	The carpenters the doctors discourage inspire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
objrel	The carpenters the farmers confuse approve the guy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
objrel	The carpenters the farmers discourage avoid the father	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel	The carpenters the fathers know remember the aunt	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel	The carpenters the fathers understand stimulate the poet	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel	The carpenters the friends approve know the guy	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
objrel	The carpenters the friends criticize understand the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
objrel	The carpenters the friends encourage approve the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
objrel	The carpenters the girls criticize understand the poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
objrel	The carpenters the girls stimulate admire the poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel	The carpenters the girls understand criticize the guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
objrel	The carpenters the guys inspire admire the father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admires
objrel	The carpenters the guys know understand the woman	plural	plural	singular	knows	understands
objrel	The carpenters the guys observe criticize the uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel	The carpenters the guys understand encourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
objrel	The carpenters the kids stimulate discourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
objrel	The carpenters the lawyers observe confuse the woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
objrel	The carpenters the lawyers observe stimulate the teacher	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel	The carpenters the men discourage confuse the uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
objrel	The carpenters the men greet admire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
objrel	The carpenters the men know engage the girl	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
objrel	The carpenters the mothers admire inspire the athlete	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
objrel	The carpenters the mothers approve know the father	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
objrel	The carpenters the mothers discourage stimulate the doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel	The carpenters the mothers know observe the athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
objrel	The carpenters the mothers observe engage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
objrel	The carpenters the poets engage encourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel	The carpenters the poets stimulate know the mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
objrel	The carpenters the singers engage discourage the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
objrel	The carpenters the singers engage understand the victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
objrel	The carpenters the teachers observe understand the athlete	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
objrel	The carpenters the teachers stimulate inspire the boy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel	The carpenters the teachers understand criticize the poet	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
objrel	The carpenters the uncles avoid approve the guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approves
objrel	The carpenters the uncles engage greet the man	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
objrel	The carpenters the uncles know approve the farmer	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel	The carpenters the uncles know remember the friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel	The carpenters the uncles observe criticize the aunt	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel	The carpenters the uncles understand encourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
objrel	The carpenters the victims confuse greet the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel	The carpenters the victims inspire stimulate the athlete	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
objrel	The carpenters the women approve confuse the uncle	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel	The carpenters the women discourage admire the girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
objrel	The carpenters the women engage know the man	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel	The carpenters the women understand know the man	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel	The doctors the athletes approve criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
objrel	The doctors the athletes avoid know the woman	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
objrel	The doctors the athletes engage discourage the man	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
objrel	The doctors the athletes inspire approve the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel	The doctors the athletes understand stimulate the singer	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the aunts admire criticize the victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
objrel	The doctors the aunts admire greet the teacher	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel	The doctors the aunts encourage avoid the boy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
objrel	The doctors the aunts observe criticize the guy	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel	The doctors the aunts stimulate greet the teacher	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel	The doctors the carpenters confuse greet the farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel	The doctors the carpenters inspire greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
objrel	The doctors the farmers confuse greet the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel	The doctors the farmers encourage greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel	The doctors the farmers encourage remember the man	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
objrel	The doctors the farmers inspire avoid the singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel	The doctors the farmers observe avoid the guy	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel	The doctors the farmers stimulate avoid the uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
objrel	The doctors the farmers stimulate remember the victim	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel	The doctors the fathers admire remember the friend	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
objrel	The doctors the fathers criticize approve the athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
objrel	The doctors the fathers greet engage the girl	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel	The doctors the fathers inspire engage the friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
objrel	The doctors the fathers know discourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel	The doctors the friends encourage approve the mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
objrel	The doctors the friends engage approve the mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
objrel	The doctors the girls encourage approve the man	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
objrel	The doctors the girls encourage criticize the athlete	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
objrel	The doctors the girls engage encourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel	The doctors the girls know discourage the guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel	The doctors the guys stimulate approve the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
objrel	The doctors the kids avoid stimulate the man	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the kids stimulate discourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
objrel	The doctors the lawyers criticize stimulate the uncle	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the lawyers greet engage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel	The doctors the lawyers inspire avoid the poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel	The doctors the lawyers inspire remember the teacher	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel	The doctors the lawyers understand greet the farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
objrel	The doctors the men avoid criticize the friend	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel	The doctors the mothers criticize inspire the poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
objrel	The doctors the mothers engage inspire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
objrel	The doctors the poets avoid inspire the girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
objrel	The doctors the singers admire remember the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
objrel	The doctors the singers approve admire the girl	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel	The doctors the singers approve stimulate the athlete	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the singers criticize confuse the girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
objrel	The doctors the singers discourage inspire the poet	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
objrel	The doctors the singers observe engage the girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
objrel	The doctors the singers remember confuse the aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
objrel	The doctors the teachers approve confuse the uncle	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel	The doctors the teachers confuse know the aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel	The doctors the teachers engage stimulate the guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the teachers know stimulate the man	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the teachers observe criticize the poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel	The doctors the teachers stimulate discourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
objrel	The doctors the uncles understand admire the boy	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel	The doctors the victims approve confuse the singer	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel	The doctors the victims encourage criticize the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
objrel	The doctors the victims engage understand the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
objrel	The doctors the women avoid criticize the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel	The doctors the women inspire avoid the teacher	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel	The doctors the women inspire discourage the mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel	The doctors the women observe criticize the victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the athletes understand avoid the kid	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel	The farmers the boys confuse inspire the athlete	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel	The farmers the boys encourage inspire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel	The farmers the boys know stimulate the poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
objrel	The farmers the carpenters avoid criticize the aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the carpenters observe approve the aunt	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
objrel	The farmers the doctors criticize confuse the singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
objrel	The farmers the doctors engage encourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel	The farmers the doctors greet encourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
objrel	The farmers the doctors remember understand the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
objrel	The farmers the fathers admire observe the woman	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
objrel	The farmers the fathers criticize approve the doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
objrel	The farmers the fathers greet avoid the friend	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel	The farmers the fathers know approve the woman	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel	The farmers the fathers remember encourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
objrel	The farmers the friends encourage criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the friends inspire encourage the mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
objrel	The farmers the friends know greet the girl	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
objrel	The farmers the friends stimulate admire the poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel	The farmers the girls engage know the teacher	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel	The farmers the girls stimulate criticize the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the girls stimulate engage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
objrel	The farmers the guys greet stimulate the woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel	The farmers the guys know greet the uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
objrel	The farmers the kids encourage engage the boy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
objrel	The farmers the lawyers criticize stimulate the kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
objrel	The farmers the lawyers discourage avoid the teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel	The farmers the lawyers know discourage the guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel	The farmers the lawyers remember stimulate the athlete	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
objrel	The farmers the lawyers remember stimulate the teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
objrel	The farmers the men discourage criticize the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the men stimulate understand the woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
objrel	The farmers the mothers engage discourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
objrel	The farmers the singers criticize inspire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
objrel	The farmers the singers criticize observe the man	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
objrel	The farmers the singers encourage approve the kid	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
objrel	The farmers the singers observe admire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
objrel	The farmers the teachers approve greet the kid	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
objrel	The farmers the uncles know remember the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel	The farmers the uncles remember criticize the aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the uncles understand confuse the boy	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
objrel	The farmers the victims admire observe the man	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
objrel	The farmers the victims approve greet the kid	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
objrel	The farmers the victims engage confuse the friend	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
objrel	The farmers the women approve confuse the uncle	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel	The farmers the women greet observe the friend	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
objrel	The farmers the women inspire avoid the friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel	The farmers the women stimulate discourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
objrel	The farmers the women understand admire the poet	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel	The fathers the athletes encourage admire the poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel	The fathers the athletes observe understand the uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
objrel	The fathers the boys encourage stimulate the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
objrel	The fathers the boys engage encourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel	The fathers the carpenters criticize confuse the guy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
objrel	The fathers the carpenters know avoid the girl	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
objrel	The fathers the carpenters observe engage the victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
objrel	The fathers the doctors encourage inspire the mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel	The fathers the doctors greet avoid the victim	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel	The fathers the doctors greet know the poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
objrel	The fathers the farmers confuse encourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
objrel	The fathers the farmers criticize admire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
objrel	The fathers the farmers greet know the singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
objrel	The fathers the farmers inspire discourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel	The fathers the farmers understand remember the doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
objrel	The fathers the friends criticize greet the farmer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
objrel	The fathers the girls discourage understand the kid	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
objrel	The fathers the girls greet remember the boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel	The fathers the guys stimulate greet the poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel	The fathers the kids avoid stimulate the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel	The fathers the lawyers engage admire the mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
objrel	The fathers the lawyers engage approve the doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
objrel	The fathers the lawyers remember inspire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel	The fathers the men know approve the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel	The fathers the men remember confuse the poet	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
objrel	The fathers the mothers inspire remember the uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel	The fathers the mothers know discourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel	The fathers the mothers understand observe the teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
objrel	The fathers the poets admire observe the guy	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
objrel	The fathers the poets know understand the singer	plural	plural	singular	knows	understands
objrel	The fathers the poets stimulate engage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
objrel	The fathers the singers know confuse the mother	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel	The fathers the teachers criticize know the boy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel	The fathers the teachers greet avoid the victim	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel	The fathers the teachers greet remember the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel	The fathers the teachers know confuse the girl	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel	The fathers the uncles encourage discourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
objrel	The fathers the uncles engage inspire the boy	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
objrel	The fathers the uncles remember stimulate the teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
objrel	The fathers the victims admire observe the singer	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
objrel	The fathers the victims inspire know the teacher	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel	The fathers the victims observe remember the guy	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
objrel	The fathers the women admire encourage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel	The fathers the women avoid criticize the victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel	The fathers the women remember understand the uncle	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
objrel	The friends the athletes inspire approve the poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel	The friends the athletes inspire know the aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel	The friends the athletes know criticize the teacher	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel	The friends the athletes observe criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel	The friends the athletes stimulate inspire the singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel	The friends the aunts observe stimulate the doctor	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel	The friends the boys greet know the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
objrel	The friends the boys observe criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel	The friends the carpenters discourage encourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
objrel	The friends the carpenters know approve the guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel	The friends the doctors avoid stimulate the aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel	The friends the doctors encourage greet the aunt	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel	The friends the doctors inspire approve the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel	The friends the doctors know understand the kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	understands
objrel	The friends the doctors understand confuse the girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
objrel	The friends the farmers criticize inspire the girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
objrel	The friends the farmers engage discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
objrel	The friends the farmers inspire criticize the athlete	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
objrel	The friends the fathers avoid engage the girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
objrel	The friends the fathers inspire confuse the guy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
objrel	The friends the girls avoid admire the poet	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
objrel	The friends the guys approve greet the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
objrel	The friends the guys greet observe the girl	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
objrel	The friends the guys remember encourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
objrel	The friends the guys remember engage the victim	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
objrel	The friends the kids engage observe the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel	The friends the kids greet avoid the singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel	The friends the kids greet know the guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
objrel	The friends the kids know discourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel	The friends the kids remember confuse the woman	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
objrel	The friends the lawyers admire observe the teacher	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
objrel	The friends the lawyers confuse stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel	The friends the lawyers criticize avoid the athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
objrel	The friends the lawyers encourage stimulate the kid	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
objrel	The friends the lawyers remember approve the singer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
objrel	The friends the lawyers remember engage the boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
objrel	The friends the men confuse remember the poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel	The friends the men criticize observe the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
objrel	The friends the men inspire admire the father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admires
objrel	The friends the mothers criticize discourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel	The friends the mothers encourage observe the farmer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
objrel	The friends the poets engage observe the doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel	The friends the poets inspire greet the doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
objrel	The friends the singers encourage greet the farmer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel	The friends the singers greet approve the boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel	The friends the singers inspire criticize the teacher	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
objrel	The friends the singers stimulate criticize the mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
objrel	The friends the teachers admire confuse the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
objrel	The friends the teachers criticize inspire the kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
objrel	The friends the teachers discourage inspire the father	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
objrel	The friends the teachers encourage know the boy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel	The friends the uncles admire inspire the guy	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
objrel	The friends the uncles criticize remember the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
objrel	The friends the uncles know greet the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
objrel	The friends the victims confuse criticize the uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel	The friends the victims discourage admire the athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
objrel	The friends the women avoid confuse the singer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
objrel	The friends the women observe stimulate the farmer	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel	The girls the athletes approve stimulate the friend	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
objrel	The girls the aunts criticize engage the guy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel	The girls the aunts know greet the kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
objrel	The girls the boys confuse inspire the victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel	The girls the boys engage understand the man	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
objrel	The girls the boys inspire stimulate the friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
objrel	The girls the boys know admire the man	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel	The girls the carpenters approve understand the guy	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
objrel	The girls the doctors encourage criticize the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
objrel	The girls the doctors encourage greet the victim	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel	The girls the doctors engage approve the farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
objrel	The girls the farmers criticize avoid the doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
objrel	The girls the farmers encourage avoid the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
objrel	The girls the fathers admire greet the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel	The girls the fathers stimulate approve the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
objrel	The girls the friends approve know the mother	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
objrel	The girls the friends avoid discourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
objrel	The girls the guys remember discourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel	The girls the guys understand observe the athlete	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
objrel	The girls the kids discourage greet the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
objrel	The girls the kids know remember the friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel	The girls the lawyers greet inspire the friend	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
objrel	The girls the lawyers greet observe the doctor	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
objrel	The girls the men avoid encourage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
objrel	The girls the men know admire the friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel	The girls the men remember stimulate the woman	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
objrel	The girls the mothers approve confuse the guy	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel	The girls the mothers avoid engage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
objrel	The girls the mothers confuse encourage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
objrel	The girls the mothers criticize observe the poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
objrel	The girls the mothers discourage avoid the boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel	The girls the mothers discourage stimulate the farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel	The girls the mothers know encourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel	The girls the mothers know stimulate the farmer	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
objrel	The girls the mothers stimulate approve the athlete	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
objrel	The girls the mothers stimulate confuse the athlete	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuses
objrel	The girls the mothers stimulate engage the victim	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
objrel	The girls the mothers understand admire the father	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel	The girls the poets admire know the father	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
objrel	The girls the poets criticize engage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel	The girls the singers stimulate approve the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
objrel	The girls the teachers admire criticize the mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
objrel	The girls the teachers avoid know the uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
objrel	The girls the uncles discourage approve the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel	The girls the uncles inspire criticize the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
objrel	The girls the victims avoid discourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
objrel	The girls the victims stimulate know the kid	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
objrel	The guys the aunts remember approve the mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
objrel	The guys the boys admire approve the victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
objrel	The guys the boys criticize approve the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
objrel	The guys the carpenters admire greet the teacher	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel	The guys the carpenters know avoid the man	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
objrel	The guys the carpenters observe avoid the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel	The guys the doctors admire discourage the girl	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
objrel	The guys the doctors confuse observe the farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
objrel	The guys the doctors know confuse the mother	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel	The guys the doctors understand inspire the poet	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
objrel	The guys the farmers avoid admire the girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
objrel	The guys the farmers remember confuse the doctor	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
objrel	The guys the fathers confuse greet the friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel	The guys the fathers criticize engage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel	The guys the fathers remember inspire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel	The guys the friends discourage avoid the poet	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel	The guys the friends engage greet the teacher	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
objrel	The guys the girls criticize confuse the poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
objrel	The guys the girls discourage stimulate the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel	The guys the girls encourage discourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
objrel	The guys the girls inspire remember the doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel	The guys the girls inspire remember the kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel	The guys the kids encourage understand the aunt	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
objrel	The guys the kids engage discourage the girl	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
objrel	The guys the kids engage encourage the mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel	The guys the kids know engage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
objrel	The guys the kids stimulate confuse the mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuses
objrel	The guys the lawyers encourage avoid the poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
objrel	The guys the mothers criticize know the father	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel	The guys the mothers inspire discourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel	The guys the mothers remember avoid the girl	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel	The guys the poets inspire observe the farmer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
objrel	The guys the poets remember discourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel	The guys the singers remember observe the athlete	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel	The guys the teachers encourage criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
objrel	The guys the teachers inspire understand the girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
objrel	The guys the uncles discourage avoid the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel	The guys the uncles know discourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel	The guys the victims encourage approve the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
objrel	The guys the victims observe encourage the man	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
objrel	The guys the victims understand remember the uncle	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
objrel	The guys the women approve observe the kid	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
objrel	The guys the women confuse engage the girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
objrel	The guys the women criticize inspire the mother	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
objrel	The guys the women inspire discourage the mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel	The guys the women observe avoid the girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel	The kids the athletes confuse stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel	The kids the aunts greet avoid the doctor	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel	The kids the aunts inspire avoid the guy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel	The kids the aunts know remember the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel	The kids the boys admire greet the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel	The kids the boys avoid stimulate the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel	The kids the boys criticize understand the girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
objrel	The kids the carpenters admire remember the teacher	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
objrel	The kids the carpenters remember avoid the boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel	The kids the doctors inspire avoid the woman	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel	The kids the doctors know remember the woman	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel	The kids the doctors understand confuse the boy	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
objrel	The kids the farmers criticize approve the man	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
objrel	The kids the farmers criticize engage the father	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel	The kids the farmers engage know the poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel	The kids the farmers inspire discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel	The kids the farmers stimulate greet the father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel	The kids the fathers greet understand the poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
objrel	The kids the fathers inspire avoid the singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel	The kids the friends engage greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
objrel	The kids the friends remember inspire the poet	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel	The kids the girls encourage remember the teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
objrel	The kids the girls inspire avoid the poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel	The kids the guys avoid discourage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
objrel	The kids the guys encourage avoid the mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
objrel	The kids the guys engage avoid the athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel	The kids the guys engage stimulate the doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel	The kids the guys observe inspire the boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
objrel	The kids the lawyers stimulate avoid the father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
objrel	The kids the men stimulate remember the mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel	The kids the men understand avoid the victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel	The kids the mothers confuse discourage the girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
objrel	The kids the mothers observe engage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
objrel	The kids the poets avoid remember the athlete	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
objrel	The kids the poets discourage encourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
objrel	The kids the singers approve stimulate the athlete	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
objrel	The kids the singers discourage know the victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
objrel	The kids the teachers admire encourage the mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel	The kids the teachers discourage stimulate the doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel	The kids the teachers know discourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel	The kids the teachers remember avoid the friend	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel	The kids the teachers remember inspire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel	The kids the uncles confuse admire the girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
objrel	The kids the uncles encourage inspire the woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel	The kids the uncles inspire encourage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
objrel	The kids the victims inspire confuse the aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
objrel	The kids the women encourage know the poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel	The kids the women engage greet the girl	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
objrel	The kids the women greet approve the doctor	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel	The kids the women inspire engage the singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
objrel	The lawyers the athletes admire remember the farmer	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
objrel	The lawyers the athletes confuse inspire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the athletes criticize know the father	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel	The lawyers the athletes encourage know the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel	The lawyers the athletes engage avoid the aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel	The lawyers the athletes observe remember the teacher	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
objrel	The lawyers the aunts greet approve the poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel	The lawyers the aunts inspire remember the boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel	The lawyers the aunts remember discourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel	The lawyers the doctors inspire approve the girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel	The lawyers the farmers confuse know the aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel	The lawyers the farmers encourage remember the victim	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
objrel	The lawyers the farmers greet engage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel	The lawyers the fathers greet discourage the guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
objrel	The lawyers the friends stimulate engage the boy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
objrel	The lawyers the girls confuse discourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
objrel	The lawyers the girls discourage remember the uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
objrel	The lawyers the girls understand encourage the man	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
objrel	The lawyers the guys criticize know the teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel	The lawyers the guys discourage avoid the kid	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel	The lawyers the guys stimulate know the athlete	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
objrel	The lawyers the kids criticize confuse the boy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
objrel	The lawyers the kids know encourage the girl	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel	The lawyers the kids understand greet the farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
objrel	The lawyers the men avoid inspire the boy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the men confuse stimulate the victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel	The lawyers the men remember encourage the father	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
objrel	The lawyers the men understand observe the friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
objrel	The lawyers the mothers greet approve the uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel	The lawyers the mothers know understand the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	understands
objrel	The lawyers the poets approve confuse the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel	The lawyers the poets approve discourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
objrel	The lawyers the poets observe inspire the singer	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the singers approve engage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
objrel	The lawyers the singers discourage encourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
objrel	The lawyers the singers remember inspire the boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the teachers admire criticize the uncle	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
objrel	The lawyers the teachers engage avoid the athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel	The lawyers the teachers engage understand the athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
objrel	The lawyers the teachers greet know the singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
objrel	The lawyers the teachers remember observe the victim	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel	The lawyers the uncles criticize encourage the mother	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel	The lawyers the victims stimulate approve the farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
objrel	The lawyers the women encourage observe the singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
objrel	The lawyers the women greet avoid the aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel	The lawyers the women stimulate greet the man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel	The lawyers the women understand stimulate the teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel	The men the athletes engage confuse the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
objrel	The men the athletes know criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel	The men the athletes know encourage the father	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel	The men the athletes remember approve the girl	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
objrel	The men the athletes understand inspire the singer	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
objrel	The men the aunts observe greet the kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel	The men the aunts observe inspire the singer	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
objrel	The men the boys confuse understand the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
objrel	The men the boys criticize discourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel	The men the carpenters engage stimulate the friend	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel	The men the carpenters observe admire the singer	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
objrel	The men the carpenters stimulate engage the poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
objrel	The men the doctors admire greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel	The men the doctors confuse know the farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel	The men the doctors engage remember the poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
objrel	The men the doctors remember confuse the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
objrel	The men the fathers encourage inspire the guy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel	The men the fathers inspire avoid the girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel	The men the friends approve confuse the guy	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel	The men the friends approve criticize the singer	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
objrel	The men the friends approve remember the woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
objrel	The men the friends observe criticize the victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel	The men the guys encourage inspire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel	The men the kids confuse inspire the father	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel	The men the kids discourage inspire the victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
objrel	The men the kids observe encourage the guy	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
objrel	The men the lawyers criticize remember the girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
objrel	The men the mothers confuse remember the poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel	The men the mothers observe approve the uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
objrel	The men the mothers remember admire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
objrel	The men the poets criticize discourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel	The men the poets criticize know the victim	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel	The men the poets discourage encourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
objrel	The men the singers approve avoid the athlete	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
objrel	The men the singers remember know the doctor	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
objrel	The men the teachers admire avoid the mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
objrel	The men the teachers criticize engage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel	The men the teachers understand confuse the woman	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
objrel	The men the uncles inspire avoid the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel	The men the victims confuse stimulate the doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel	The men the victims remember observe the friend	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel	The men the victims understand remember the mother	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
objrel	The men the women discourage observe the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observes
objrel	The mothers the athletes approve understand the aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
objrel	The mothers the athletes greet observe the man	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
objrel	The mothers the athletes inspire observe the kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
objrel	The mothers the athletes observe discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
objrel	The mothers the athletes remember discourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel	The mothers the athletes stimulate observe the man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
objrel	The mothers the aunts criticize understand the woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
objrel	The mothers the aunts discourage greet the uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
objrel	The mothers the aunts inspire avoid the father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel	The mothers the aunts know discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel	The mothers the aunts know observe the uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
objrel	The mothers the aunts understand inspire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
objrel	The mothers the boys admire understand the aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
objrel	The mothers the boys engage admire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
objrel	The mothers the boys know encourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel	The mothers the boys understand confuse the man	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
objrel	The mothers the carpenters criticize understand the teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
objrel	The mothers the doctors approve know the singer	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
objrel	The mothers the farmers stimulate discourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
objrel	The mothers the fathers avoid understand the aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
objrel	The mothers the fathers engage stimulate the man	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the fathers remember greet the doctor	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
objrel	The mothers the fathers understand stimulate the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the friends avoid know the woman	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
objrel	The mothers the friends engage stimulate the farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the friends inspire know the poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel	The mothers the girls understand stimulate the singer	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the guys admire know the man	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
objrel	The mothers the guys understand engage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
objrel	The mothers the kids admire greet the doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel	The mothers the kids encourage remember the singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
objrel	The mothers the kids understand greet the victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
objrel	The mothers the lawyers encourage stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the lawyers greet stimulate the victim	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the men encourage approve the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
objrel	The mothers the men remember observe the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel	The mothers the singers admire engage the kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
objrel	The mothers the teachers greet approve the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel	The mothers the uncles discourage encourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
objrel	The mothers the victims confuse remember the athlete	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel	The mothers the victims encourage avoid the guy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
objrel	The mothers the victims remember inspire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel	The mothers the women criticize stimulate the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the women discourage approve the teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel	The mothers the women encourage remember the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
objrel	The mothers the women engage approve the girl	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
objrel	The mothers the women inspire remember the uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel	The mothers the women remember know the athlete	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
objrel	The mothers the women stimulate discourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
objrel	The mothers the women understand avoid the girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel	The mothers the women understand inspire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
objrel	The poets the athletes admire approve the doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
objrel	The poets the athletes inspire stimulate the man	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
objrel	The poets the athletes understand know the farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel	The poets the aunts discourage engage the guy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
objrel	The poets the aunts observe remember the woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
objrel	The poets the aunts remember stimulate the man	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
objrel	The poets the aunts stimulate greet the father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel	The poets the aunts stimulate know the kid	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
objrel	The poets the boys approve engage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
objrel	The poets the boys greet encourage the man	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
objrel	The poets the boys know avoid the aunt	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
objrel	The poets the carpenters confuse inspire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel	The poets the carpenters engage remember the singer	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
objrel	The poets the carpenters greet discourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
objrel	The poets the doctors criticize inspire the man	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
objrel	The poets the farmers engage greet the boy	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
objrel	The poets the fathers avoid understand the woman	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
objrel	The poets the fathers criticize engage the girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel	The poets the friends greet encourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
objrel	The poets the girls confuse admire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
objrel	The poets the girls greet admire the guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
objrel	The poets the guys approve greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
objrel	The poets the guys greet remember the athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel	The poets the guys remember discourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel	The poets the kids avoid greet the farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
objrel	The poets the kids inspire criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
objrel	The poets the kids stimulate inspire the man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel	The poets the lawyers avoid encourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
objrel	The poets the lawyers avoid know the friend	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
objrel	The poets the lawyers avoid understand the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
objrel	The poets the lawyers confuse admire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
objrel	The poets the lawyers observe approve the farmer	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
objrel	The poets the men engage approve the mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
objrel	The poets the men engage stimulate the athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel	The poets the men understand observe the father	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
objrel	The poets the mothers criticize discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel	The poets the singers approve stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
objrel	The poets the singers know encourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel	The poets the teachers avoid remember the singer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
objrel	The poets the teachers confuse discourage the father	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
objrel	The poets the teachers remember observe the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel	The poets the uncles discourage criticize the farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
objrel	The poets the uncles understand criticize the father	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
objrel	The poets the victims admire greet the guy	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel	The poets the victims confuse know the guy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel	The poets the victims discourage know the farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
objrel	The poets the victims understand discourage the father	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
objrel	The poets the women approve engage the guy	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
objrel	The poets the women criticize admire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
objrel	The poets the women encourage admire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel	The poets the women observe greet the aunt	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel	The singers the athletes know encourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel	The singers the athletes understand confuse the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
objrel	The singers the aunts observe know the uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
objrel	The singers the boys encourage understand the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
objrel	The singers the boys stimulate confuse the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuses
objrel	The singers the carpenters engage stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel	The singers the carpenters observe discourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
objrel	The singers the carpenters stimulate remember the poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel	The singers the carpenters understand inspire the kid	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
objrel	The singers the doctors confuse know the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel	The singers the doctors engage know the athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel	The singers the doctors inspire avoid the teacher	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel	The singers the farmers confuse greet the kid	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel	The singers the farmers criticize approve the doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
objrel	The singers the farmers engage confuse the woman	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
objrel	The singers the farmers stimulate know the victim	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
objrel	The singers the fathers admire avoid the kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
objrel	The singers the friends discourage engage the man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
objrel	The singers the friends remember inspire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel	The singers the friends understand approve the girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
objrel	The singers the girls approve greet the woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
objrel	The singers the girls encourage remember the woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
objrel	The singers the girls engage admire the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
objrel	The singers the girls engage criticize the uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
objrel	The singers the girls observe stimulate the doctor	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel	The singers the guys encourage stimulate the aunt	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
objrel	The singers the guys greet understand the teacher	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
objrel	The singers the guys stimulate admire the woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel	The singers the kids admire discourage the man	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
objrel	The singers the kids criticize engage the boy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel	The singers the kids remember know the friend	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
objrel	The singers the lawyers approve avoid the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
objrel	The singers the lawyers confuse engage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
objrel	The singers the lawyers encourage confuse the boy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
objrel	The singers the lawyers understand stimulate the farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel	The singers the men avoid stimulate the doctor	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel	The singers the poets approve engage the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
objrel	The singers the poets greet engage the father	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel	The singers the poets observe avoid the girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel	The singers the poets remember approve the boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
objrel	The singers the teachers greet understand the kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
objrel	The singers the uncles approve discourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
objrel	The singers the uncles approve inspire the mother	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspires
objrel	The singers the uncles confuse observe the victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
objrel	The singers the victims admire encourage the father	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel	The singers the victims approve admire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel	The singers the victims criticize stimulate the father	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
objrel	The singers the victims stimulate confuse the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuses
objrel	The singers the women encourage inspire the father	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel	The singers the women know approve the guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel	The singers the women stimulate inspire the poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel	The teachers the athletes discourage remember the boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
objrel	The teachers the athletes engage greet the farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
objrel	The teachers the athletes engage inspire the man	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
objrel	The teachers the athletes know avoid the uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
objrel	The teachers the aunts criticize encourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel	The teachers the boys avoid encourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
objrel	The teachers the boys greet remember the kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel	The teachers the boys stimulate admire the father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel	The teachers the carpenters admire discourage the man	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
objrel	The teachers the carpenters approve admire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel	The teachers the carpenters criticize encourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel	The teachers the carpenters criticize remember the doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
objrel	The teachers the carpenters encourage greet the athlete	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel	The teachers the doctors engage admire the victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
objrel	The teachers the farmers encourage observe the poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
objrel	The teachers the farmers observe confuse the guy	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
objrel	The teachers the farmers remember discourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel	The teachers the fathers admire remember the victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
objrel	The teachers the fathers inspire discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel	The teachers the fathers stimulate understand the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
objrel	The teachers the friends admire criticize the uncle	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the friends know confuse the woman	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel	The teachers the friends remember stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
objrel	The teachers the friends stimulate discourage the guy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
objrel	The teachers the girls criticize admire the farmer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
objrel	The teachers the guys engage approve the poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
objrel	The teachers the guys stimulate inspire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel	The teachers the kids avoid understand the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
objrel	The teachers the kids criticize know the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel	The teachers the kids stimulate discourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
objrel	The teachers the lawyers encourage engage the poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
objrel	The teachers the lawyers know criticize the woman	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the lawyers remember avoid the victim	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel	The teachers the lawyers stimulate approve the farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
objrel	The teachers the men know admire the victim	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel	The teachers the men know confuse the uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel	The teachers the men observe discourage the guy	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
objrel	The teachers the men remember criticize the farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the men stimulate approve the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
objrel	The teachers the mothers engage inspire the woman	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
objrel	The teachers the mothers greet observe the friend	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
objrel	The teachers the poets observe criticize the uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the poets stimulate understand the mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
objrel	The teachers the singers inspire greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
objrel	The teachers the singers observe engage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
objrel	The teachers the singers observe engage the woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
objrel	The teachers the singers understand avoid the man	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel	The teachers the singers understand confuse the uncle	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
objrel	The teachers the uncles criticize engage the kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel	The teachers the uncles encourage criticize the singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the uncles engage discourage the girl	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
objrel	The teachers the uncles know remember the doctor	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel	The teachers the uncles stimulate know the guy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
objrel	The teachers the victims admire confuse the man	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
objrel	The teachers the victims avoid inspire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
objrel	The teachers the victims criticize encourage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel	The teachers the victims engage admire the farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
objrel	The teachers the victims observe know the boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
objrel	The teachers the women confuse understand the friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
objrel	The teachers the women criticize remember the friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
objrel	The teachers the women engage encourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel	The uncles the athletes confuse inspire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel	The uncles the athletes observe greet the singer	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel	The uncles the aunts admire discourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
objrel	The uncles the aunts avoid approve the friend	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approves
objrel	The uncles the aunts encourage criticize the poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
objrel	The uncles the aunts encourage know the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel	The uncles the carpenters greet encourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
objrel	The uncles the doctors admire encourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel	The uncles the doctors admire know the mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
objrel	The uncles the doctors stimulate greet the man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel	The uncles the farmers avoid approve the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approves
objrel	The uncles the farmers encourage observe the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
objrel	The uncles the farmers remember engage the poet	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
objrel	The uncles the girls criticize encourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel	The uncles the girls greet discourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
objrel	The uncles the guys approve admire the mother	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel	The uncles the guys criticize observe the woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
objrel	The uncles the guys inspire approve the athlete	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel	The uncles the guys observe admire the woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
objrel	The uncles the guys observe remember the victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
objrel	The uncles the kids discourage greet the victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
objrel	The uncles the kids greet remember the teacher	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel	The uncles the lawyers admire discourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
objrel	The uncles the lawyers greet observe the teacher	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
objrel	The uncles the men discourage stimulate the boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel	The uncles the men encourage greet the guy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel	The uncles the men observe understand the girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
objrel	The uncles the mothers criticize stimulate the woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
objrel	The uncles the poets encourage avoid the teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
objrel	The uncles the poets know encourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel	The uncles the poets remember engage the guy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
objrel	The uncles the singers criticize inspire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
objrel	The uncles the singers understand remember the victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
objrel	The uncles the teachers confuse remember the friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel	The uncles the teachers engage admire the poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
objrel	The uncles the teachers engage discourage the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
objrel	The uncles the teachers understand confuse the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
objrel	The uncles the victims admire approve the boy	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
objrel	The uncles the victims avoid admire the athlete	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
objrel	The uncles the victims discourage stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel	The uncles the victims encourage understand the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
objrel	The uncles the women engage understand the mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
objrel	The uncles the women inspire know the victim	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel	The victims the athletes admire engage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
objrel	The victims the athletes approve stimulate the father	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
objrel	The victims the athletes inspire discourage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel	The victims the aunts inspire encourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
objrel	The victims the boys approve avoid the teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
objrel	The victims the boys encourage stimulate the woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
objrel	The victims the boys engage confuse the man	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
objrel	The victims the boys engage observe the athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel	The victims the boys observe engage the woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
objrel	The victims the farmers encourage engage the guy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
objrel	The victims the friends confuse engage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
objrel	The victims the friends understand know the woman	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel	The victims the girls admire discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
objrel	The victims the girls confuse stimulate the doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel	The victims the girls criticize greet the doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
objrel	The victims the girls greet engage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel	The victims the kids approve stimulate the aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
objrel	The victims the kids criticize engage the girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel	The victims the kids engage confuse the aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
objrel	The victims the kids know approve the singer	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel	The victims the lawyers discourage approve the man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel	The victims the lawyers observe remember the aunt	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
objrel	The victims the lawyers stimulate criticize the father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
objrel	The victims the men approve encourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
objrel	The victims the men remember admire the singer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
objrel	The victims the mothers inspire avoid the friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel	The victims the mothers know approve the woman	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel	The victims the mothers know avoid the doctor	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
objrel	The victims the poets admire confuse the mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
objrel	The victims the poets know criticize the boy	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel	The victims the singers confuse stimulate the man	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel	The victims the singers know remember the kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel	The victims the uncles observe encourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
objrel	The victims the uncles stimulate criticize the boy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
objrel	The victims the women engage stimulate the uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel	The victims the women understand know the singer	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel	The women the athletes approve observe the teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
objrel	The women the athletes inspire observe the man	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
objrel	The women the athletes stimulate remember the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel	The women the aunts encourage inspire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel	The women the aunts observe encourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
objrel	The women the boys avoid criticize the athlete	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel	The women the boys encourage confuse the farmer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
objrel	The women the boys know confuse the poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel	The women the carpenters engage encourage the guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel	The women the carpenters stimulate engage the man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
objrel	The women the carpenters understand know the doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel	The women the doctors confuse discourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
objrel	The women the doctors discourage observe the victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observes
objrel	The women the doctors understand encourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
objrel	The women the farmers admire stimulate the singer	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
objrel	The women the farmers avoid approve the victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approves
objrel	The women the farmers remember criticize the doctor	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticizes
objrel	The women the farmers stimulate greet the uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel	The women the farmers understand inspire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
objrel	The women the fathers approve confuse the boy	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel	The women the friends greet criticize the man	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
objrel	The women the friends know confuse the man	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel	The women the friends know stimulate the doctor	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
objrel	The women the girls discourage approve the doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel	The women the girls encourage understand the mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
objrel	The women the girls observe discourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
objrel	The women the guys admire inspire the girl	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
objrel	The women the guys greet stimulate the poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel	The women the guys remember criticize the kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticizes
objrel	The women the kids admire approve the teacher	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
objrel	The women the kids observe confuse the uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
objrel	The women the lawyers admire observe the father	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
objrel	The women the lawyers confuse criticize the mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel	The women the mothers approve understand the father	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
objrel	The women the mothers criticize discourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel	The women the mothers discourage stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel	The women the mothers remember greet the guy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
objrel	The women the mothers stimulate criticize the man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
objrel	The women the poets engage greet the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
objrel	The women the poets greet criticize the kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
objrel	The women the singers admire encourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel	The women the singers admire remember the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
objrel	The women the singers confuse greet the girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel	The women the singers criticize encourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel	The women the singers know admire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel	The women the uncles confuse discourage the mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
objrel	The women the uncles discourage stimulate the mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel	The women the uncles greet observe the girl	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
objrel	The women the victims criticize engage the boy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel	The women the victims observe inspire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
objrel	The athletes the aunts engage stimulate the kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel	The athletes the aunts observe criticize the friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel	The athletes the boys approve encourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objrel	The athletes the boys stimulate understand the men	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objrel	The athletes the carpenters stimulate know the mothers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objrel	The athletes the carpenters understand criticize the friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objrel	The athletes the carpenters understand remember the men	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objrel	The athletes the doctors admire approve the men	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objrel	The athletes the doctors admire stimulate the aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel	The athletes the doctors encourage admire the girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objrel	The athletes the doctors observe understand the victims	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel	The athletes the farmers approve understand the guys	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objrel	The athletes the farmers observe encourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objrel	The athletes the farmers remember engage the men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objrel	The athletes the fathers remember observe the boys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objrel	The athletes the friends approve inspire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
objrel	The athletes the friends confuse avoid the uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel	The athletes the friends greet know the kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objrel	The athletes the friends know stimulate the singers	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel	The athletes the girls criticize encourage the poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel	The athletes the girls engage approve the mothers	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objrel	The athletes the girls observe greet the uncles	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objrel	The athletes the girls understand approve the men	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel	The athletes the guys confuse discourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel	The athletes the guys know criticize the fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objrel	The athletes the kids confuse engage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel	The athletes the lawyers admire know the fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objrel	The athletes the lawyers encourage approve the boys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel	The athletes the lawyers encourage observe the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel	The athletes the lawyers remember criticize the guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objrel	The athletes the lawyers stimulate criticize the uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel	The athletes the men understand greet the poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objrel	The athletes the mothers discourage approve the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel	The athletes the mothers know confuse the guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel	The athletes the poets confuse approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel	The athletes the poets discourage greet the uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objrel	The athletes the poets stimulate remember the mothers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel	The athletes the singers criticize admire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objrel	The athletes the singers discourage approve the poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel	The athletes the singers discourage approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel	The athletes the singers remember admire the farmers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel	The athletes the singers understand encourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objrel	The athletes the teachers confuse observe the uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel	The athletes the teachers know remember the singers	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objrel	The athletes the teachers understand stimulate the boys	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objrel	The athletes the uncles admire inspire the men	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objrel	The athletes the uncles inspire approve the poets	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel	The athletes the victims avoid approve the kids	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objrel	The athletes the victims criticize admire the friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objrel	The athletes the victims criticize avoid the women	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel	The athletes the victims encourage stimulate the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
objrel	The athletes the victims greet criticize the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objrel	The athletes the victims inspire understand the men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objrel	The athletes the victims know criticize the girls	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objrel	The athletes the victims understand criticize the teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objrel	The athletes the women admire observe the guys	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objrel	The athletes the women approve stimulate the girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objrel	The athletes the women engage encourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objrel	The athletes the women understand remember the teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objrel	The aunts the athletes avoid engage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel	The aunts the athletes confuse greet the victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objrel	The aunts the athletes understand criticize the victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objrel	The aunts the carpenters approve greet the singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel	The aunts the doctors avoid understand the mothers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel	The aunts the doctors confuse observe the guys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel	The aunts the doctors criticize greet the girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel	The aunts the farmers engage stimulate the mothers	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel	The aunts the fathers admire remember the athletes	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objrel	The aunts the fathers confuse admire the doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objrel	The aunts the fathers criticize greet the singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel	The aunts the friends encourage approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel	The aunts the girls admire greet the fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objrel	The aunts the girls avoid confuse the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objrel	The aunts the girls encourage understand the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel	The aunts the guys greet understand the victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
objrel	The aunts the guys observe inspire the friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objrel	The aunts the guys understand encourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objrel	The aunts the kids approve observe the girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objrel	The aunts the kids confuse remember the fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objrel	The aunts the kids greet know the women	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objrel	The aunts the kids inspire understand the friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objrel	The aunts the lawyers criticize avoid the boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel	The aunts the lawyers engage greet the mothers	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objrel	The aunts the men confuse engage the women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel	The aunts the men discourage remember the girls	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel	The aunts the mothers discourage admire the boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel	The aunts the mothers stimulate understand the victims	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objrel	The aunts the poets understand avoid the kids	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel	The aunts the poets understand encourage the women	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objrel	The aunts the singers approve encourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objrel	The aunts the teachers encourage criticize the victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objrel	The aunts the teachers engage confuse the friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel	The aunts the victims approve inspire the doctors	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
objrel	The aunts the victims greet observe the uncles	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel	The aunts the victims inspire understand the friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objrel	The aunts the victims know avoid the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objrel	The aunts the victims observe confuse the guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objrel	The aunts the women avoid criticize the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objrel	The aunts the women discourage admire the poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel	The aunts the women observe inspire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objrel	The boys the athletes greet discourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objrel	The boys the athletes observe avoid the women	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel	The boys the athletes stimulate avoid the uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objrel	The boys the aunts greet approve the athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objrel	The boys the carpenters engage stimulate the uncles	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel	The boys the carpenters remember understand the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objrel	The boys the carpenters understand engage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel	The boys the doctors observe stimulate the fathers	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objrel	The boys the doctors remember approve the singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel	The boys the doctors stimulate observe the mothers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objrel	The boys the farmers approve observe the men	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objrel	The boys the farmers observe engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel	The boys the fathers admire greet the teachers	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objrel	The boys the fathers confuse remember the mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objrel	The boys the fathers discourage stimulate the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel	The boys the fathers engage observe the kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objrel	The boys the fathers understand inspire the victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objrel	The boys the friends approve greet the singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel	The boys the friends criticize inspire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel	The boys the girls confuse avoid the poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel	The boys the girls greet remember the victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objrel	The boys the guys avoid encourage the men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel	The boys the guys greet discourage the men	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objrel	The boys the guys remember inspire the men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel	The boys the kids admire avoid the victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objrel	The boys the kids encourage criticize the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objrel	The boys the lawyers inspire approve the teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel	The boys the men understand discourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objrel	The boys the mothers approve discourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel	The boys the mothers confuse encourage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objrel	The boys the mothers know inspire the kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel	The boys the poets admire inspire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objrel	The boys the poets confuse know the athletes	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel	The boys the poets greet encourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objrel	The boys the poets inspire stimulate the farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel	The boys the teachers approve criticize the girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel	The boys the teachers avoid greet the mothers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objrel	The boys the teachers engage discourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel	The boys the uncles discourage inspire the victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel	The boys the uncles inspire engage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objrel	The boys the victims discourage remember the men	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel	The boys the women engage remember the doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel	The boys the women greet admire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel	The boys the women understand observe the farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel	The carpenters the athletes avoid discourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objrel	The carpenters the aunts engage approve the athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objrel	The carpenters the aunts engage discourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel	The carpenters the boys criticize approve the doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objrel	The carpenters the doctors criticize encourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel	The carpenters the doctors know criticize the aunts	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objrel	The carpenters the farmers admire greet the singers	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objrel	The carpenters the farmers understand engage the women	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel	The carpenters the farmers understand observe the fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel	The carpenters the friends avoid know the aunts	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objrel	The carpenters the friends criticize engage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objrel	The carpenters the friends know admire the poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objrel	The carpenters the friends stimulate encourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objrel	The carpenters the girls encourage inspire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel	The carpenters the girls know observe the fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objrel	The carpenters the girls remember avoid the uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objrel	The carpenters the girls stimulate engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
objrel	The carpenters the girls stimulate know the women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objrel	The carpenters the guys observe greet the women	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objrel	The carpenters the kids encourage approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel	The carpenters the lawyers discourage avoid the boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel	The carpenters the lawyers greet approve the doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objrel	The carpenters the lawyers remember stimulate the guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel	The carpenters the men encourage inspire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel	The carpenters the men observe understand the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel	The carpenters the men remember admire the women	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel	The carpenters the mothers confuse observe the doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel	The carpenters the mothers greet engage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objrel	The carpenters the mothers observe criticize the singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel	The carpenters the mothers remember engage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objrel	The carpenters the poets discourage understand the aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel	The carpenters the poets stimulate confuse the teachers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objrel	The carpenters the singers inspire avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objrel	The carpenters the teachers confuse inspire the guys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel	The carpenters the uncles confuse inspire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel	The carpenters the uncles greet observe the kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel	The carpenters the women approve stimulate the girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objrel	The carpenters the women engage greet the poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objrel	The doctors the athletes avoid understand the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel	The doctors the athletes criticize inspire the singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel	The doctors the athletes discourage criticize the victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objrel	The doctors the athletes engage confuse the boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel	The doctors the athletes know discourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objrel	The doctors the athletes observe confuse the poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objrel	The doctors the athletes remember approve the kids	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel	The doctors the athletes stimulate criticize the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel	The doctors the aunts confuse inspire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel	The doctors the aunts discourage know the kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objrel	The doctors the aunts know engage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objrel	The doctors the boys admire know the girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objrel	The doctors the boys encourage approve the men	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel	The doctors the boys encourage engage the girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objrel	The doctors the boys encourage observe the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel	The doctors the carpenters encourage understand the farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel	The doctors the carpenters know observe the fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objrel	The doctors the carpenters understand confuse the farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objrel	The doctors the farmers stimulate engage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
objrel	The doctors the farmers stimulate observe the men	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objrel	The doctors the fathers approve discourage the men	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel	The doctors the fathers avoid encourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel	The doctors the fathers confuse know the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel	The doctors the friends avoid admire the men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objrel	The doctors the friends discourage know the uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objrel	The doctors the friends encourage stimulate the athletes	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the friends understand encourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objrel	The doctors the guys approve encourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objrel	The doctors the guys avoid inspire the boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objrel	The doctors the guys criticize greet the boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel	The doctors the guys inspire stimulate the men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the kids approve know the uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel	The doctors the kids approve stimulate the guys	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the kids avoid know the women	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objrel	The doctors the kids criticize confuse the men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objrel	The doctors the kids criticize confuse the poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objrel	The doctors the kids criticize know the uncles	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objrel	The doctors the kids encourage confuse the farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objrel	The doctors the kids inspire know the girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel	The doctors the lawyers avoid engage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel	The doctors the lawyers discourage remember the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel	The doctors the lawyers understand avoid the poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel	The doctors the men approve confuse the girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objrel	The doctors the men confuse inspire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel	The doctors the men encourage avoid the poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel	The doctors the men understand stimulate the kids	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the mothers admire greet the friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objrel	The doctors the mothers avoid discourage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objrel	The doctors the mothers avoid greet the men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objrel	The doctors the mothers know greet the fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objrel	The doctors the mothers observe greet the fathers	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objrel	The doctors the mothers understand engage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel	The doctors the mothers understand observe the athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel	The doctors the poets understand greet the friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objrel	The doctors the singers admire know the guys	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objrel	The doctors the singers encourage discourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objrel	The doctors the singers stimulate inspire the women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objrel	The doctors the teachers admire greet the athletes	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objrel	The doctors the teachers avoid encourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel	The doctors the teachers know confuse the women	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel	The doctors the teachers observe understand the athletes	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel	The doctors the teachers remember know the aunts	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objrel	The doctors the uncles avoid inspire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objrel	The doctors the uncles observe admire the men	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objrel	The doctors the victims approve understand the singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objrel	The doctors the victims engage observe the athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objrel	The doctors the victims greet avoid the girls	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objrel	The doctors the victims observe discourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
objrel	The doctors the women confuse understand the athletes	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel	The farmers the athletes criticize discourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel	The farmers the aunts admire encourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel	The farmers the boys inspire encourage the men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objrel	The farmers the boys observe engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel	The farmers the carpenters approve know the athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel	The farmers the carpenters engage know the uncles	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objrel	The farmers the doctors encourage greet the women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objrel	The farmers the friends greet engage the victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objrel	The farmers the friends remember discourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel	The farmers the girls confuse understand the women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel	The farmers the girls discourage stimulate the singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel	The farmers the girls greet admire the guys	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel	The farmers the guys approve engage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objrel	The farmers the guys approve stimulate the victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objrel	The farmers the guys know approve the teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objrel	The farmers the guys know understand the teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objrel	The farmers the kids admire stimulate the victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel	The farmers the kids discourage approve the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel	The farmers the kids greet criticize the doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the kids inspire encourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objrel	The farmers the lawyers admire criticize the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the lawyers encourage engage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objrel	The farmers the lawyers observe criticize the women	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the lawyers observe engage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel	The farmers the men approve avoid the doctors	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objrel	The farmers the men avoid remember the teachers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objrel	The farmers the men encourage stimulate the girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
objrel	The farmers the men remember discourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel	The farmers the mothers inspire admire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objrel	The farmers the mothers stimulate encourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objrel	The farmers the mothers stimulate greet the poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objrel	The farmers the poets avoid admire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objrel	The farmers the poets confuse approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel	The farmers the poets confuse encourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objrel	The farmers the poets observe confuse the friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objrel	The farmers the poets remember criticize the men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the singers approve criticize the victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the singers discourage understand the doctors	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel	The farmers the singers encourage remember the victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objrel	The farmers the singers inspire know the mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel	The farmers the teachers encourage inspire the poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel	The farmers the teachers engage remember the doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel	The farmers the uncles admire understand the victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objrel	The farmers the uncles avoid inspire the boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objrel	The farmers the uncles observe encourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objrel	The farmers the uncles stimulate avoid the guys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objrel	The farmers the women greet approve the doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objrel	The farmers the women stimulate approve the kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel	The fathers the athletes criticize encourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel	The fathers the athletes inspire criticize the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objrel	The fathers the aunts stimulate inspire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objrel	The fathers the boys avoid stimulate the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objrel	The fathers the boys observe engage the victims	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel	The fathers the carpenters criticize remember the aunts	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objrel	The fathers the carpenters encourage observe the boys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel	The fathers the carpenters inspire confuse the women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel	The fathers the doctors discourage greet the farmers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objrel	The fathers the doctors engage stimulate the boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel	The fathers the doctors stimulate admire the singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objrel	The fathers the farmers discourage admire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel	The fathers the farmers engage admire the friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objrel	The fathers the farmers inspire confuse the aunts	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel	The fathers the friends discourage stimulate the uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel	The fathers the friends observe inspire the poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objrel	The fathers the friends stimulate inspire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objrel	The fathers the girls encourage admire the men	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objrel	The fathers the girls stimulate approve the friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel	The fathers the guys approve engage the victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objrel	The fathers the guys avoid remember the kids	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objrel	The fathers the kids discourage observe the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objrel	The fathers the kids inspire engage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objrel	The fathers the kids observe inspire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objrel	The fathers the kids stimulate encourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objrel	The fathers the lawyers criticize stimulate the kids	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel	The fathers the lawyers remember discourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel	The fathers the men confuse approve the poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel	The fathers the men confuse avoid the mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel	The fathers the mothers approve discourage the men	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel	The fathers the mothers discourage avoid the poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel	The fathers the poets encourage understand the singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel	The fathers the singers avoid stimulate the girls	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objrel	The fathers the singers discourage encourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objrel	The fathers the singers remember avoid the mothers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objrel	The fathers the singers stimulate criticize the teachers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel	The fathers the teachers confuse engage the victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel	The fathers the teachers remember observe the singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objrel	The fathers the uncles discourage avoid the victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel	The fathers the uncles engage discourage the boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel	The fathers the uncles inspire approve the doctors	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel	The fathers the victims approve encourage the men	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objrel	The fathers the victims confuse know the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel	The fathers the victims inspire discourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objrel	The fathers the women engage encourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objrel	The fathers the women greet observe the guys	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel	The fathers the women observe avoid the athletes	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel	The friends the athletes confuse stimulate the singers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objrel	The friends the athletes engage encourage the women	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objrel	The friends the athletes inspire criticize the farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objrel	The friends the athletes understand admire the kids	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objrel	The friends the aunts greet stimulate the fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objrel	The friends the aunts understand engage the victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel	The friends the boys avoid stimulate the kids	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objrel	The friends the boys criticize observe the aunts	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objrel	The friends the carpenters discourage observe the farmers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objrel	The friends the carpenters encourage observe the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel	The friends the carpenters inspire know the girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel	The friends the carpenters inspire remember the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objrel	The friends the carpenters know encourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objrel	The friends the carpenters observe criticize the doctors	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel	The friends the doctors confuse understand the uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel	The friends the doctors criticize discourage the men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel	The friends the girls approve confuse the aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objrel	The friends the girls discourage admire the victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel	The friends the girls engage admire the kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objrel	The friends the girls greet observe the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel	The friends the girls inspire approve the men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel	The friends the girls observe approve the boys	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objrel	The friends the girls observe approve the farmers	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objrel	The friends the guys encourage stimulate the poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
objrel	The friends the guys engage inspire the girls	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objrel	The friends the guys observe inspire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objrel	The friends the guys stimulate criticize the boys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel	The friends the kids admire encourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel	The friends the kids discourage engage the boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel	The friends the kids discourage stimulate the aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel	The friends the kids engage stimulate the fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel	The friends the kids understand remember the athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objrel	The friends the lawyers discourage remember the poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel	The friends the lawyers engage approve the doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objrel	The friends the lawyers greet stimulate the kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objrel	The friends the lawyers know confuse the women	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel	The friends the men encourage avoid the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel	The friends the men understand inspire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objrel	The friends the men understand observe the fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel	The friends the mothers engage admire the doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objrel	The friends the mothers stimulate greet the teachers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objrel	The friends the poets observe remember the victims	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objrel	The friends the poets stimulate confuse the uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objrel	The friends the singers discourage engage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel	The friends the singers inspire encourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objrel	The friends the uncles criticize encourage the men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel	The friends the uncles discourage engage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel	The friends the uncles encourage discourage the boys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objrel	The friends the uncles engage approve the teachers	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objrel	The friends the victims discourage confuse the guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objrel	The friends the victims inspire confuse the men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel	The friends the victims inspire know the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel	The friends the women approve inspire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
objrel	The friends the women criticize admire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objrel	The friends the women greet inspire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objrel	The friends the women observe avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel	The girls the athletes avoid stimulate the uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objrel	The girls the athletes encourage understand the women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel	The girls the athletes stimulate discourage the women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objrel	The girls the aunts criticize approve the friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objrel	The girls the aunts encourage discourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objrel	The girls the aunts encourage greet the mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objrel	The girls the boys approve greet the athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel	The girls the boys avoid know the doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objrel	The girls the boys know understand the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objrel	The girls the boys stimulate avoid the victims	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objrel	The girls the carpenters observe avoid the uncles	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel	The girls the doctors avoid stimulate the boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objrel	The girls the doctors confuse avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel	The girls the doctors engage avoid the poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objrel	The girls the farmers confuse avoid the teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel	The girls the farmers confuse observe the fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel	The girls the farmers discourage admire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel	The girls the farmers remember inspire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel	The girls the farmers remember inspire the poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel	The girls the farmers stimulate admire the singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objrel	The girls the friends encourage greet the women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objrel	The girls the friends greet criticize the farmers	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objrel	The girls the friends remember confuse the fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objrel	The girls the kids admire discourage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objrel	The girls the kids know greet the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objrel	The girls the lawyers inspire encourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objrel	The girls the lawyers understand admire the victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objrel	The girls the men observe inspire the singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objrel	The girls the mothers encourage admire the poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objrel	The girls the mothers know confuse the victims	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel	The girls the mothers know inspire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel	The girls the mothers stimulate remember the guys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel	The girls the poets confuse admire the farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objrel	The girls the uncles avoid encourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel	The girls the uncles know discourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objrel	The girls the uncles observe discourage the men	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
objrel	The girls the uncles understand inspire the poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objrel	The girls the victims confuse avoid the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel	The girls the women approve know the victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel	The girls the women discourage confuse the uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objrel	The girls the women remember avoid the mothers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objrel	The guys the athletes admire understand the boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objrel	The guys the athletes observe encourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objrel	The guys the aunts inspire approve the men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel	The guys the aunts stimulate discourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objrel	The guys the boys observe avoid the farmers	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel	The guys the carpenters engage remember the kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel	The guys the carpenters know criticize the doctors	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objrel	The guys the carpenters observe engage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel	The guys the doctors approve confuse the singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objrel	The guys the doctors criticize engage the victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objrel	The guys the doctors stimulate approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel	The guys the doctors understand encourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objrel	The guys the farmers discourage stimulate the men	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel	The guys the farmers remember criticize the kids	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objrel	The guys the fathers admire confuse the boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objrel	The guys the fathers encourage understand the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel	The guys the fathers observe inspire the kids	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objrel	The guys the friends criticize greet the victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel	The guys the friends know approve the victims	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objrel	The guys the girls know avoid the farmers	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objrel	The guys the girls know encourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objrel	The guys the kids criticize avoid the women	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel	The guys the kids inspire confuse the uncles	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel	The guys the lawyers admire discourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objrel	The guys the lawyers avoid know the friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objrel	The guys the lawyers confuse know the teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel	The guys the men confuse understand the mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel	The guys the men remember encourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objrel	The guys the men stimulate remember the victims	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel	The guys the mothers discourage criticize the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objrel	The guys the mothers remember understand the kids	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objrel	The guys the poets avoid understand the friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel	The guys the singers admire greet the uncles	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objrel	The guys the singers avoid greet the mothers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objrel	The guys the teachers criticize greet the kids	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel	The guys the teachers stimulate understand the athletes	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objrel	The guys the uncles engage observe the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objrel	The guys the uncles greet admire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel	The guys the uncles remember criticize the farmers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objrel	The guys the victims criticize greet the men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel	The guys the victims engage stimulate the doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel	The guys the women admire approve the girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objrel	The guys the women approve remember the girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel	The guys the women criticize observe the girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objrel	The guys the women inspire stimulate the men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel	The guys the women observe engage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel	The guys the women remember know the poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objrel	The kids the athletes encourage discourage the men	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objrel	The kids the athletes encourage stimulate the teachers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
objrel	The kids the aunts admire understand the doctors	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objrel	The kids the boys encourage understand the doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel	The kids the carpenters approve observe the women	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objrel	The kids the carpenters approve remember the doctors	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel	The kids the carpenters understand criticize the girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objrel	The kids the doctors understand encourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objrel	The kids the farmers avoid greet the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objrel	The kids the fathers know understand the mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objrel	The kids the fathers observe understand the poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel	The kids the friends admire greet the boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objrel	The kids the friends greet encourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objrel	The kids the friends inspire remember the guys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objrel	The kids the friends remember admire the poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel	The kids the girls criticize encourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel	The kids the guys approve encourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objrel	The kids the guys criticize stimulate the singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel	The kids the men approve observe the athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objrel	The kids the men inspire greet the boys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objrel	The kids the men stimulate remember the singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel	The kids the mothers approve know the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel	The kids the mothers know encourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objrel	The kids the poets approve criticize the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel	The kids the poets discourage confuse the mothers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objrel	The kids the poets discourage engage the guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel	The kids the poets discourage observe the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objrel	The kids the teachers inspire approve the women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel	The kids the teachers remember engage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objrel	The kids the teachers stimulate observe the victims	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objrel	The kids the uncles approve greet the girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel	The kids the uncles criticize avoid the women	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel	The kids the uncles inspire observe the girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel	The kids the victims admire approve the boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objrel	The kids the victims approve avoid the friends	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objrel	The kids the victims approve inspire the doctors	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
objrel	The kids the victims avoid understand the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel	The kids the victims encourage know the aunts	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objrel	The kids the victims observe understand the men	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel	The kids the women know discourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objrel	The kids the women understand remember the poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objrel	The lawyers the athletes admire engage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objrel	The lawyers the athletes discourage engage the men	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel	The lawyers the aunts avoid observe the victims	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objrel	The lawyers the aunts criticize know the fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objrel	The lawyers the aunts know avoid the victims	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objrel	The lawyers the boys confuse know the friends	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel	The lawyers the boys engage stimulate the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel	The lawyers the boys understand remember the aunts	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objrel	The lawyers the carpenters inspire remember the kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objrel	The lawyers the carpenters understand engage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel	The lawyers the farmers confuse engage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel	The lawyers the farmers inspire avoid the women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objrel	The lawyers the fathers admire stimulate the athletes	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel	The lawyers the fathers remember stimulate the women	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel	The lawyers the friends criticize confuse the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objrel	The lawyers the friends discourage understand the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel	The lawyers the friends remember inspire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the girls approve criticize the doctors	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel	The lawyers the girls criticize stimulate the men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel	The lawyers the girls discourage inspire the women	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the girls observe understand the fathers	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel	The lawyers the guys confuse approve the singers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel	The lawyers the guys confuse observe the kids	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel	The lawyers the guys discourage approve the girls	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel	The lawyers the kids greet discourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objrel	The lawyers the kids remember inspire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the men avoid discourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objrel	The lawyers the men stimulate greet the athletes	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objrel	The lawyers the men stimulate remember the aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel	The lawyers the mothers admire stimulate the girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel	The lawyers the mothers discourage engage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel	The lawyers the mothers remember understand the kids	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objrel	The lawyers the mothers stimulate criticize the women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel	The lawyers the poets approve admire the victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objrel	The lawyers the poets approve engage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objrel	The lawyers the poets discourage stimulate the women	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel	The lawyers the poets encourage stimulate the boys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
objrel	The lawyers the singers avoid engage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel	The lawyers the singers confuse understand the guys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel	The lawyers the singers understand criticize the poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objrel	The lawyers the teachers criticize know the farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objrel	The lawyers the teachers engage avoid the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objrel	The lawyers the teachers inspire discourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objrel	The lawyers the uncles confuse stimulate the girls	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objrel	The lawyers the uncles remember engage the men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objrel	The lawyers the victims admire understand the men	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objrel	The lawyers the victims approve understand the boys	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objrel	The lawyers the victims remember confuse the athletes	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objrel	The lawyers the women admire confuse the poets	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objrel	The men the athletes confuse understand the mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel	The men the athletes criticize observe the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objrel	The men the athletes observe greet the friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objrel	The men the athletes understand criticize the poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objrel	The men the boys avoid remember the farmers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objrel	The men the boys encourage admire the girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objrel	The men the boys inspire observe the farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel	The men the carpenters criticize approve the poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objrel	The men the doctors criticize understand the poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objrel	The men the doctors greet engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objrel	The men the doctors remember engage the singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objrel	The men the farmers observe confuse the poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objrel	The men the farmers remember criticize the doctors	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objrel	The men the farmers stimulate avoid the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objrel	The men the fathers criticize approve the boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objrel	The men the fathers inspire criticize the kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objrel	The men the fathers stimulate approve the guys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel	The men the friends admire approve the girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objrel	The men the friends admire engage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objrel	The men the friends confuse avoid the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel	The men the friends engage confuse the doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel	The men the friends inspire encourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objrel	The men the friends stimulate greet the aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objrel	The men the girls encourage criticize the friends	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objrel	The men the girls greet stimulate the guys	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objrel	The men the girls observe inspire the victims	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objrel	The men the girls observe understand the women	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel	The men the guys approve confuse the teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objrel	The men the guys criticize greet the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel	The men the guys inspire discourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objrel	The men the guys observe understand the friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel	The men the kids avoid observe the friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objrel	The men the kids criticize discourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel	The men the kids discourage remember the teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel	The men the lawyers confuse remember the kids	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objrel	The men the lawyers observe confuse the singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objrel	The men the lawyers stimulate discourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objrel	The men the mothers confuse greet the doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objrel	The men the mothers discourage inspire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel	The men the mothers know stimulate the boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel	The men the mothers understand admire the girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objrel	The men the poets inspire confuse the singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel	The men the poets remember approve the athletes	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel	The men the singers avoid engage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel	The men the singers observe avoid the victims	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel	The men the teachers remember confuse the aunts	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objrel	The men the uncles approve remember the friends	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel	The men the uncles engage know the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objrel	The men the uncles remember inspire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel	The men the victims admire understand the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objrel	The men the victims approve remember the singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel	The men the victims remember approve the friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel	The men the women criticize stimulate the boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel	The men the women encourage observe the guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel	The men the women engage understand the girls	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objrel	The men the women know admire the singers	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objrel	The mothers the athletes avoid criticize the kids	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objrel	The mothers the athletes criticize admire the kids	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objrel	The mothers the athletes understand engage the victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel	The mothers the aunts admire confuse the women	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objrel	The mothers the aunts avoid approve the friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objrel	The mothers the aunts avoid know the guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objrel	The mothers the aunts know stimulate the fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the aunts remember approve the friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel	The mothers the aunts stimulate criticize the friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel	The mothers the boys avoid admire the girls	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objrel	The mothers the boys criticize greet the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel	The mothers the boys inspire understand the singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objrel	The mothers the carpenters greet know the women	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objrel	The mothers the carpenters know admire the poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objrel	The mothers the carpenters remember discourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel	The mothers the doctors confuse admire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objrel	The mothers the doctors discourage observe the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objrel	The mothers the doctors engage discourage the women	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel	The mothers the doctors stimulate encourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objrel	The mothers the doctors understand greet the girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objrel	The mothers the farmers approve confuse the poets	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objrel	The mothers the farmers observe admire the boys	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objrel	The mothers the farmers observe admire the kids	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objrel	The mothers the farmers understand discourage the men	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objrel	The mothers the farmers understand know the athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objrel	The mothers the fathers observe encourage the women	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objrel	The mothers the fathers stimulate discourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objrel	The mothers the friends avoid discourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objrel	The mothers the friends discourage engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel	The mothers the friends know discourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objrel	The mothers the friends know stimulate the farmers	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the girls confuse discourage the men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel	The mothers the girls observe remember the victims	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objrel	The mothers the girls stimulate encourage the kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objrel	The mothers the guys admire inspire the victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objrel	The mothers the guys approve understand the uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objrel	The mothers the guys encourage greet the men	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objrel	The mothers the guys remember understand the teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objrel	The mothers the kids know inspire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel	The mothers the lawyers confuse admire the poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objrel	The mothers the lawyers inspire stimulate the friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the lawyers know remember the poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objrel	The mothers the men engage admire the farmers	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objrel	The mothers the men know admire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objrel	The mothers the poets approve discourage the men	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel	The mothers the poets avoid discourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objrel	The mothers the singers approve know the teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel	The mothers the singers criticize avoid the men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel	The mothers the singers inspire know the men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel	The mothers the singers know stimulate the fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the singers remember admire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel	The mothers the teachers stimulate understand the fathers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objrel	The mothers the uncles admire observe the friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objrel	The mothers the uncles approve remember the doctors	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel	The mothers the uncles avoid understand the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel	The mothers the uncles inspire know the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel	The mothers the uncles know stimulate the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the victims stimulate understand the teachers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objrel	The mothers the women remember approve the fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel	The mothers the women stimulate inspire the friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objrel	The mothers the women understand discourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objrel	The poets the athletes confuse engage the women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel	The poets the athletes confuse know the aunts	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel	The poets the athletes discourage engage the girls	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel	The poets the athletes remember approve the men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel	The poets the aunts observe admire the girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objrel	The poets the boys inspire approve the friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel	The poets the boys observe remember the friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objrel	The poets the carpenters avoid know the aunts	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objrel	The poets the carpenters confuse engage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel	The poets the carpenters know engage the singers	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objrel	The poets the carpenters stimulate know the farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objrel	The poets the doctors avoid greet the men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objrel	The poets the doctors confuse greet the men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objrel	The poets the doctors observe approve the girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objrel	The poets the friends know engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objrel	The poets the girls observe avoid the doctors	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel	The poets the guys admire understand the uncles	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objrel	The poets the kids admire inspire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objrel	The poets the kids encourage understand the girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel	The poets the kids understand avoid the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel	The poets the lawyers avoid inspire the victims	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objrel	The poets the lawyers remember encourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objrel	The poets the men admire avoid the friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objrel	The poets the men approve avoid the farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objrel	The poets the men discourage understand the guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel	The poets the men greet know the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objrel	The poets the men observe engage the guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel	The poets the men stimulate remember the guys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel	The poets the mothers approve avoid the farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objrel	The poets the mothers greet stimulate the men	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objrel	The poets the mothers observe approve the athletes	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objrel	The poets the singers inspire stimulate the women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel	The poets the singers know criticize the teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objrel	The poets the singers understand inspire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objrel	The poets the teachers discourage approve the women	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel	The poets the victims discourage observe the doctors	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objrel	The poets the women inspire engage the singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objrel	The poets the women remember criticize the girls	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objrel	The singers the athletes discourage inspire the boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel	The singers the athletes engage greet the kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objrel	The singers the athletes stimulate observe the men	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objrel	The singers the athletes understand confuse the uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objrel	The singers the aunts criticize encourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel	The singers the aunts encourage avoid the boys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel	The singers the aunts engage inspire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objrel	The singers the aunts stimulate approve the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel	The singers the boys discourage inspire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel	The singers the boys stimulate encourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objrel	The singers the carpenters greet know the teachers	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objrel	The singers the carpenters remember observe the kids	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objrel	The singers the carpenters understand admire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objrel	The singers the doctors approve know the men	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel	The singers the doctors avoid encourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel	The singers the doctors engage observe the girls	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objrel	The singers the farmers know criticize the uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objrel	The singers the farmers stimulate greet the doctors	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objrel	The singers the friends confuse admire the doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objrel	The singers the girls criticize remember the poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objrel	The singers the girls encourage inspire the farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel	The singers the girls stimulate approve the boys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel	The singers the girls stimulate discourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objrel	The singers the guys know confuse the mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel	The singers the guys observe avoid the girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel	The singers the kids discourage avoid the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel	The singers the kids know inspire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel	The singers the kids observe admire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objrel	The singers the lawyers greet inspire the doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objrel	The singers the lawyers stimulate admire the men	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objrel	The singers the men discourage approve the women	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel	The singers the men greet inspire the girls	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objrel	The singers the men inspire engage the guys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objrel	The singers the men understand engage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel	The singers the mothers admire engage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objrel	The singers the mothers approve criticize the victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel	The singers the mothers avoid encourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel	The singers the mothers encourage confuse the uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objrel	The singers the mothers engage encourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objrel	The singers the mothers know approve the athletes	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objrel	The singers the poets avoid understand the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel	The singers the poets inspire engage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objrel	The singers the poets observe encourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objrel	The singers the poets stimulate engage the girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
objrel	The singers the teachers inspire confuse the kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel	The singers the teachers observe greet the women	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objrel	The singers the uncles admire inspire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objrel	The singers the uncles criticize greet the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel	The singers the uncles know encourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objrel	The singers the uncles stimulate admire the poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objrel	The singers the victims criticize stimulate the fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel	The singers the victims criticize understand the mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objrel	The singers the victims encourage admire the farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objrel	The singers the victims encourage engage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objrel	The singers the victims inspire criticize the teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objrel	The singers the women discourage avoid the uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel	The singers the women know remember the poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objrel	The teachers the athletes confuse encourage the poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objrel	The teachers the boys admire avoid the kids	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objrel	The teachers the boys confuse engage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel	The teachers the carpenters admire approve the girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objrel	The teachers the carpenters encourage avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel	The teachers the carpenters encourage understand the mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel	The teachers the carpenters inspire observe the singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel	The teachers the carpenters observe remember the friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objrel	The teachers the carpenters remember know the victims	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objrel	The teachers the carpenters understand criticize the kids	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the doctors greet stimulate the victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objrel	The teachers the doctors remember know the guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objrel	The teachers the farmers engage know the fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objrel	The teachers the fathers admire discourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objrel	The teachers the fathers admire observe the boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objrel	The teachers the fathers confuse avoid the farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel	The teachers the girls discourage remember the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel	The teachers the girls understand inspire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objrel	The teachers the guys criticize admire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objrel	The teachers the guys know approve the mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objrel	The teachers the guys know avoid the aunts	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objrel	The teachers the kids avoid criticize the women	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the kids inspire approve the singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel	The teachers the kids inspire remember the guys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objrel	The teachers the kids remember approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel	The teachers the kids understand confuse the doctors	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objrel	The teachers the lawyers admire understand the mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objrel	The teachers the lawyers criticize avoid the girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel	The teachers the lawyers discourage greet the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objrel	The teachers the lawyers greet approve the guys	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objrel	The teachers the men approve confuse the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objrel	The teachers the men remember criticize the farmers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the mothers avoid observe the uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objrel	The teachers the mothers discourage understand the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel	The teachers the mothers know confuse the friends	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel	The teachers the mothers remember observe the kids	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objrel	The teachers the poets avoid inspire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objrel	The teachers the singers admire criticize the boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the singers confuse discourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel	The teachers the singers discourage engage the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel	The teachers the singers encourage engage the boys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objrel	The teachers the singers stimulate criticize the girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the singers understand observe the mothers	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel	The teachers the uncles discourage criticize the fathers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the victims avoid understand the women	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel	The teachers the victims criticize admire the doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objrel	The teachers the victims inspire engage the singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objrel	The teachers the women admire remember the men	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objrel	The uncles the athletes inspire greet the victims	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objrel	The uncles the athletes observe encourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objrel	The uncles the aunts observe understand the doctors	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel	The uncles the boys criticize discourage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel	The uncles the boys observe admire the women	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objrel	The uncles the carpenters admire remember the teachers	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objrel	The uncles the doctors admire understand the aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objrel	The uncles the doctors approve observe the athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objrel	The uncles the doctors approve understand the girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objrel	The uncles the farmers approve encourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objrel	The uncles the farmers avoid understand the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel	The uncles the farmers confuse encourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objrel	The uncles the farmers understand confuse the aunts	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objrel	The uncles the fathers discourage know the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objrel	The uncles the friends confuse stimulate the poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objrel	The uncles the friends engage encourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objrel	The uncles the girls encourage criticize the poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objrel	The uncles the girls greet stimulate the women	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objrel	The uncles the girls observe avoid the poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel	The uncles the girls remember know the fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objrel	The uncles the guys discourage approve the poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel	The uncles the kids confuse approve the mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel	The uncles the kids discourage remember the poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel	The uncles the kids encourage avoid the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel	The uncles the lawyers engage criticize the athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objrel	The uncles the lawyers greet confuse the kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objrel	The uncles the lawyers remember observe the mothers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objrel	The uncles the men confuse know the singers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel	The uncles the men criticize avoid the aunts	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel	The uncles the men discourage encourage the kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objrel	The uncles the men engage stimulate the victims	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel	The uncles the men remember admire the friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel	The uncles the men remember understand the women	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objrel	The uncles the mothers admire encourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel	The uncles the mothers discourage admire the girls	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel	The uncles the poets encourage understand the doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel	The uncles the singers criticize inspire the friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel	The uncles the singers stimulate understand the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objrel	The uncles the teachers inspire discourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objrel	The uncles the victims admire approve the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objrel	The uncles the victims engage avoid the mothers	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objrel	The uncles the victims engage stimulate the poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel	The uncles the women encourage avoid the aunts	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel	The uncles the women remember observe the doctors	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objrel	The victims the athletes admire stimulate the uncles	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel	The victims the athletes confuse greet the men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objrel	The victims the athletes confuse know the mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel	The victims the athletes encourage observe the doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel	The victims the athletes inspire stimulate the boys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel	The victims the aunts approve discourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel	The victims the boys approve inspire the men	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
objrel	The victims the boys criticize avoid the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel	The victims the boys engage greet the farmers	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objrel	The victims the boys inspire discourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objrel	The victims the boys observe engage the girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel	The victims the carpenters criticize remember the fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objrel	The victims the carpenters greet observe the athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel	The victims the carpenters know avoid the guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objrel	The victims the doctors criticize stimulate the mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel	The victims the doctors engage criticize the mothers	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objrel	The victims the doctors know admire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objrel	The victims the doctors observe avoid the poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel	The victims the farmers approve observe the boys	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objrel	The victims the farmers confuse avoid the poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel	The victims the farmers discourage stimulate the guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel	The victims the farmers encourage approve the aunts	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel	The victims the farmers remember approve the mothers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel	The victims the fathers admire understand the singers	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objrel	The victims the fathers observe avoid the doctors	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel	The victims the fathers observe understand the women	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel	The victims the friends approve greet the kids	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel	The victims the friends avoid criticize the guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objrel	The victims the friends criticize observe the singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objrel	The victims the friends encourage know the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objrel	The victims the friends engage criticize the farmers	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objrel	The victims the friends know approve the aunts	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objrel	The victims the friends stimulate confuse the aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objrel	The victims the girls confuse greet the poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objrel	The victims the girls discourage remember the aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel	The victims the girls engage remember the fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel	The victims the girls remember criticize the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objrel	The victims the guys greet approve the kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objrel	The victims the guys inspire observe the mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel	The victims the guys know encourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objrel	The victims the kids discourage criticize the boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objrel	The victims the kids discourage criticize the uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objrel	The victims the kids encourage avoid the guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel	The victims the kids know observe the farmers	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objrel	The victims the lawyers admire confuse the poets	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objrel	The victims the men admire stimulate the women	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel	The victims the men greet confuse the fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objrel	The victims the mothers approve avoid the poets	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objrel	The victims the poets discourage inspire the kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel	The victims the poets inspire remember the singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objrel	The victims the singers encourage discourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objrel	The victims the singers stimulate admire the guys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objrel	The victims the teachers criticize avoid the aunts	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel	The victims the teachers understand observe the friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel	The victims the uncles know greet the men	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objrel	The victims the uncles stimulate admire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objrel	The victims the women observe remember the boys	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objrel	The women the athletes encourage criticize the singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objrel	The women the athletes know inspire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel	The women the aunts admire encourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel	The women the aunts encourage admire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objrel	The women the aunts know stimulate the boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel	The women the aunts stimulate admire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objrel	The women the boys encourage know the mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objrel	The women the carpenters admire observe the kids	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objrel	The women the carpenters confuse understand the girls	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel	The women the carpenters stimulate remember the mothers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel	The women the doctors encourage approve the aunts	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel	The women the doctors engage inspire the kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objrel	The women the farmers encourage know the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objrel	The women the farmers encourage know the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objrel	The women the farmers engage discourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel	The women the fathers admire criticize the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objrel	The women the fathers admire stimulate the aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel	The women the fathers approve inspire the victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
objrel	The women the girls avoid criticize the friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objrel	The women the girls avoid encourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel	The women the girls engage admire the victims	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objrel	The women the girls inspire avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objrel	The women the guys greet approve the kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objrel	The women the kids confuse remember the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objrel	The women the kids criticize remember the doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objrel	The women the kids engage greet the athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objrel	The women the lawyers admire greet the poets	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objrel	The women the lawyers approve inspire the friends	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
objrel	The women the lawyers approve know the doctors	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel	The women the lawyers confuse criticize the singers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objrel	The women the lawyers inspire admire the victims	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objrel	The women the lawyers observe engage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel	The women the men approve encourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objrel	The women the men avoid engage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel	The women the men observe stimulate the aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objrel	The women the mothers discourage observe the fathers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objrel	The women the mothers greet confuse the singers	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objrel	The women the mothers know confuse the uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel	The women the mothers know greet the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objrel	The women the mothers understand avoid the aunts	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel	The women the poets approve know the boys	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel	The women the poets avoid approve the mothers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objrel	The women the poets confuse avoid the singers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel	The women the poets criticize approve the girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objrel	The women the poets criticize observe the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objrel	The women the poets inspire know the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel	The women the poets stimulate avoid the friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objrel	The women the singers confuse admire the girls	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objrel	The women the singers greet inspire the men	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objrel	The women the singers inspire avoid the teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objrel	The women the teachers observe remember the mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objrel	The women the teachers remember encourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objrel	The women the teachers stimulate inspire the friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objrel	The women the uncles criticize encourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel	The women the uncles observe engage the friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel	The women the uncles observe engage the victims	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel	The women the victims confuse discourage the poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel	The women the victims criticize avoid the men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel	The women the victims observe confuse the girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objrel_that	The athlete that the aunt avoids admires the friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel_that	The athlete that the aunt discourages admires the victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel_that	The athlete that the aunt observes approves the farmer	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objrel_that	The athlete that the boy avoids criticizes the mother	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objrel_that	The athlete that the boy confuses knows the friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the boy stimulates encourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the carpenter avoids engages the mother	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objrel_that	The athlete that the doctor avoids observes the singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objrel_that	The athlete that the doctor criticizes greets the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel_that	The athlete that the doctor encourages remembers the man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objrel_that	The athlete that the doctor engages observes the girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel_that	The athlete that the doctor greets encourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the doctor greets knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the farmer approves avoids the victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objrel_that	The athlete that the farmer approves stimulates the father	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel_that	The athlete that the farmer confuses criticizes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel_that	The athlete that the farmer engages avoids the friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objrel_that	The athlete that the father approves remembers the doctor	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objrel_that	The athlete that the father inspires admires the teacher	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel_that	The athlete that the father remembers engages the victim	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objrel_that	The athlete that the father understands inspires the singer	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
objrel_that	The athlete that the friend approves engages the victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objrel_that	The athlete that the friend confuses admires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objrel_that	The athlete that the friend discourages greets the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objrel_that	The athlete that the friend discourages stimulates the man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that	The athlete that the girl criticizes approves the victim	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objrel_that	The athlete that the guy criticizes understands the uncle	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel_that	The athlete that the kid avoids remembers the uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel_that	The athlete that the lawyer approves confuses the father	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objrel_that	The athlete that the lawyer greets avoids the doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel_that	The athlete that the man criticizes admires the poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objrel_that	The athlete that the man greets confuses the poet	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objrel_that	The athlete that the man remembers knows the aunt	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the man understands criticizes the friend	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objrel_that	The athlete that the mother avoids admires the man	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel_that	The athlete that the mother confuses inspires the man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objrel_that	The athlete that the mother criticizes stimulates the doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objrel_that	The athlete that the poet observes greets the kid	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objrel_that	The athlete that the poet understands avoids the girl	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objrel_that	The athlete that the poet understands confuses the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objrel_that	The athlete that the singer discourages knows the poet	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the singer knows engages the poet	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objrel_that	The athlete that the singer understands discourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the teacher inspires engages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel_that	The athlete that the teacher observes discourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the teacher stimulates avoids the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that	The athlete that the uncle encourages knows the victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the uncle greets encourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the uncle greets knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the victim approves discourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the victim confuses observes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objrel_that	The athlete that the victim criticizes knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the victim discourages approves the uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objrel_that	The athlete that the victim discourages criticizes the girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objrel_that	The athlete that the victim discourages remembers the boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel_that	The athlete that the woman confuses knows the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objrel_that	The aunt that the athlete admires remembers the father	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objrel_that	The aunt that the athlete approves observes the poet	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objrel_that	The aunt that the athlete confuses encourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the boy admires greets the doctor	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel_that	The aunt that the boy criticizes discourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the boy understands observes the victim	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objrel_that	The aunt that the boy understands remembers the kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objrel_that	The aunt that the carpenter greets criticizes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objrel_that	The aunt that the carpenter inspires admires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel_that	The aunt that the carpenter inspires confuses the mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel_that	The aunt that the carpenter knows avoids the man	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the doctor greets approves the singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objrel_that	The aunt that the doctor observes avoids the man	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the farmer inspires confuses the mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel_that	The aunt that the farmer knows discourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the farmer remembers criticizes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objrel_that	The aunt that the father stimulates observes the man	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objrel_that	The aunt that the friend avoids criticizes the father	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objrel_that	The aunt that the friend avoids remembers the man	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel_that	The aunt that the friend avoids understands the poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objrel_that	The aunt that the guy approves inspires the girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objrel_that	The aunt that the guy inspires remembers the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel_that	The aunt that the kid confuses avoids the man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the kid encourages criticizes the guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel_that	The aunt that the kid engages criticizes the friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objrel_that	The aunt that the kid stimulates remembers the doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objrel_that	The aunt that the lawyer approves knows the teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objrel_that	The aunt that the lawyer knows discourages the woman	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the lawyer knows stimulates the doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel_that	The aunt that the lawyer observes inspires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objrel_that	The aunt that the lawyer understands avoids the uncle	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the man remembers observes the guy	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objrel_that	The aunt that the mother confuses encourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the mother greets avoids the doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the poet greets inspires the girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objrel_that	The aunt that the poet knows criticizes the kid	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objrel_that	The aunt that the singer approves discourages the man	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the singer criticizes admires the guy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objrel_that	The aunt that the singer encourages admires the victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel_that	The aunt that the singer stimulates approves the victim	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objrel_that	The aunt that the teacher avoids understands the farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objrel_that	The aunt that the teacher criticizes confuses the doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_that	The aunt that the teacher discourages avoids the girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the teacher understands stimulates the farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objrel_that	The aunt that the uncle encourages avoids the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the uncle knows criticizes the woman	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objrel_that	The aunt that the woman approves inspires the victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objrel_that	The aunt that the woman avoids greets the athlete	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objrel_that	The aunt that the woman observes stimulates the father	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objrel_that	The aunt that the woman understands avoids the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objrel_that	The boy that the athlete avoids encourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel_that	The boy that the athlete criticizes knows the singer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objrel_that	The boy that the athlete discourages engages the kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the aunt knows engages the father	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the carpenter criticizes understands the athlete	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel_that	The boy that the carpenter stimulates greets the teacher	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objrel_that	The boy that the doctor observes knows the kid	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel_that	The boy that the farmer approves discourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objrel_that	The boy that the farmer confuses criticizes the woman	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel_that	The boy that the farmer confuses knows the teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objrel_that	The boy that the farmer discourages understands the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objrel_that	The boy that the farmer observes criticizes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objrel_that	The boy that the farmer remembers approves the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_that	The boy that the father inspires avoids the man	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objrel_that	The boy that the father stimulates observes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objrel_that	The boy that the father understands knows the mother	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objrel_that	The boy that the friend encourages discourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel_that	The boy that the girl admires greets the doctor	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel_that	The boy that the girl criticizes avoids the guy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objrel_that	The boy that the girl discourages avoids the mother	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel_that	The boy that the guy knows greets the uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel_that	The boy that the guy observes remembers the aunt	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objrel_that	The boy that the guy remembers stimulates the girl	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel_that	The boy that the guy remembers stimulates the teacher	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel_that	The boy that the kid avoids discourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objrel_that	The boy that the kid discourages approves the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objrel_that	The boy that the kid stimulates encourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that	The boy that the lawyer admires discourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel_that	The boy that the lawyer discourages remembers the singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel_that	The boy that the lawyer understands confuses the guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objrel_that	The boy that the man encourages remembers the athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objrel_that	The boy that the man stimulates avoids the uncle	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that	The boy that the man understands greets the doctor	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel_that	The boy that the mother approves engages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the mother criticizes confuses the doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_that	The boy that the mother encourages inspires the man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objrel_that	The boy that the poet criticizes stimulates the father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objrel_that	The boy that the poet engages criticizes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objrel_that	The boy that the poet remembers approves the doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_that	The boy that the singer approves engages the father	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the singer greets approves the doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objrel_that	The boy that the teacher engages avoids the father	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objrel_that	The boy that the teacher inspires discourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objrel_that	The boy that the teacher stimulates understands the guy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objrel_that	The boy that the uncle avoids criticizes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objrel_that	The boy that the uncle knows confuses the farmer	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objrel_that	The boy that the uncle stimulates encourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that	The boy that the victim confuses engages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the victim confuses greets the uncle	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objrel_that	The boy that the victim encourages inspires the mother	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objrel_that	The boy that the victim stimulates greets the man	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objrel_that	The boy that the woman avoids confuses the poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objrel_that	The boy that the woman criticizes greets the girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel_that	The carpenter that the athlete avoids inspires the mother	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the athlete greets knows the victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel_that	The carpenter that the aunt inspires avoids the poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objrel_that	The carpenter that the aunt observes engages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the boy criticizes knows the woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objrel_that	The carpenter that the doctor admires confuses the kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objrel_that	The carpenter that the doctor admires inspires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the doctor inspires avoids the friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objrel_that	The carpenter that the doctor remembers stimulates the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel_that	The carpenter that the father confuses understands the mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objrel_that	The carpenter that the father remembers discourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the girl knows engages the poet	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the girl remembers admires the singer	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the girl understands approves the athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel_that	The carpenter that the girl understands stimulates the teacher	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objrel_that	The carpenter that the guy discourages avoids the farmer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel_that	The carpenter that the guy stimulates remembers the poet	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objrel_that	The carpenter that the guy understands remembers the uncle	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objrel_that	The carpenter that the kid remembers confuses the friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objrel_that	The carpenter that the lawyer approves inspires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the lawyer inspires avoids the victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objrel_that	The carpenter that the lawyer knows remembers the kid	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objrel_that	The carpenter that the mother admires engages the kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the mother discourages approves the kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objrel_that	The carpenter that the poet admires stimulates the woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objrel_that	The carpenter that the poet criticizes stimulates the girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objrel_that	The carpenter that the poet knows discourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the poet stimulates observes the girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objrel_that	The carpenter that the poet understands avoids the mother	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objrel_that	The carpenter that the poet understands greets the woman	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel_that	The carpenter that the teacher observes remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objrel_that	The carpenter that the victim confuses avoids the guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objrel_that	The carpenter that the victim inspires discourages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the woman discourages criticizes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objrel_that	The carpenter that the woman encourages admires the girl	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the woman encourages criticizes the guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel_that	The carpenter that the woman encourages engages the girl	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the woman greets admires the teacher	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the aunt admires encourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the aunt admires inspires the friend	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objrel_that	The doctor that the aunt avoids criticizes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objrel_that	The doctor that the aunt criticizes approves the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objrel_that	The doctor that the boy encourages observes the victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel_that	The doctor that the boy inspires observes the singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objrel_that	The doctor that the farmer avoids confuses the kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objrel_that	The doctor that the farmer confuses avoids the friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objrel_that	The doctor that the farmer criticizes remembers the teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objrel_that	The doctor that the farmer encourages criticizes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel_that	The doctor that the father admires criticizes the woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objrel_that	The doctor that the father greets understands the uncle	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
objrel_that	The doctor that the father observes criticizes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objrel_that	The doctor that the father remembers inspires the mother	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objrel_that	The doctor that the friend admires remembers the kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objrel_that	The doctor that the friend criticizes encourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the friend greets engages the mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objrel_that	The doctor that the friend observes confuses the uncle	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objrel_that	The doctor that the friend observes criticizes the man	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objrel_that	The doctor that the girl avoids remembers the farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel_that	The doctor that the girl encourages criticizes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel_that	The doctor that the girl stimulates remembers the athlete	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objrel_that	The doctor that the guy admires understands the farmer	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objrel_that	The doctor that the guy engages encourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the guy inspires engages the poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel_that	The doctor that the guy inspires remembers the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel_that	The doctor that the kid avoids greets the boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objrel_that	The doctor that the kid confuses criticizes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel_that	The doctor that the kid greets admires the singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the lawyer remembers observes the woman	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objrel_that	The doctor that the man confuses knows the mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objrel_that	The doctor that the man greets confuses the aunt	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objrel_that	The doctor that the man inspires observes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objrel_that	The doctor that the mother avoids confuses the uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objrel_that	The doctor that the mother encourages admires the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the poet inspires observes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objrel_that	The doctor that the poet observes greets the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objrel_that	The doctor that the teacher approves encourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the teacher avoids confuses the mother	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objrel_that	The doctor that the teacher remembers observes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objrel_that	The doctor that the teacher stimulates confuses the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that	The doctor that the uncle approves encourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the uncle observes discourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the victim discourages understands the mother	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objrel_that	The doctor that the victim observes inspires the man	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objrel_that	The doctor that the woman approves avoids the friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objrel_that	The doctor that the woman approves greets the teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objrel_that	The doctor that the woman knows encourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the woman observes engages the boy	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objrel_that	The doctor that the woman observes engages the friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objrel_that	The doctor that the woman understands remembers the singer	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the athlete greets approves the friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objrel_that	The farmer that the athlete inspires stimulates the man	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objrel_that	The farmer that the athlete observes discourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the aunt avoids observes the friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objrel_that	The farmer that the aunt inspires observes the poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objrel_that	The farmer that the aunt knows observes the father	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel_that	The farmer that the aunt stimulates understands the girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objrel_that	The farmer that the boy encourages observes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel_that	The farmer that the carpenter avoids remembers the singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the carpenter confuses observes the woman	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objrel_that	The farmer that the carpenter understands knows the girl	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objrel_that	The farmer that the doctor admires knows the man	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objrel_that	The farmer that the father approves stimulates the woman	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel_that	The farmer that the father confuses observes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objrel_that	The farmer that the father confuses stimulates the kid	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that	The farmer that the father inspires avoids the teacher	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objrel_that	The farmer that the father inspires engages the victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel_that	The farmer that the friend admires inspires the victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objrel_that	The farmer that the friend avoids understands the man	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objrel_that	The farmer that the friend engages discourages the man	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the friend inspires greets the poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objrel_that	The farmer that the friend knows avoids the girl	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objrel_that	The farmer that the friend observes avoids the guy	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objrel_that	The farmer that the friend stimulates approves the boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objrel_that	The farmer that the girl encourages stimulates the guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that	The farmer that the girl knows stimulates the poet	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel_that	The farmer that the girl stimulates approves the singer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objrel_that	The farmer that the girl stimulates encourages the woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the girl understands discourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the guy criticizes engages the singer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objrel_that	The farmer that the lawyer admires criticizes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objrel_that	The farmer that the lawyer avoids knows the woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objrel_that	The farmer that the lawyer avoids stimulates the victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objrel_that	The farmer that the lawyer greets encourages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the lawyer knows encourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the man criticizes observes the boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
objrel_that	The farmer that the man criticizes understands the aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel_that	The farmer that the man discourages confuses the victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objrel_that	The farmer that the man knows approves the uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
objrel_that	The farmer that the mother understands encourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the poet greets approves the aunt	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objrel_that	The farmer that the singer admires avoids the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objrel_that	The farmer that the singer approves knows the friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objrel_that	The farmer that the singer avoids understands the girl	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objrel_that	The farmer that the singer criticizes approves the mother	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objrel_that	The farmer that the singer greets inspires the victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objrel_that	The farmer that the teacher greets admires the victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel_that	The farmer that the victim avoids engages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objrel_that	The farmer that the woman avoids admires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel_that	The farmer that the woman engages remembers the singer	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the woman greets knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel_that	The farmer that the woman inspires engages the kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel_that	The father that the athlete remembers observes the singer	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objrel_that	The father that the aunt greets knows the teacher	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel_that	The father that the aunt understands engages the friend	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel_that	The father that the boy confuses stimulates the teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the boy discourages confuses the singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the boy greets confuses the guy	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the boy knows remembers the aunt	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objrel_that	The father that the carpenter confuses discourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the carpenter engages admires the man	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objrel_that	The father that the carpenter stimulates observes the girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objrel_that	The father that the doctor avoids understands the guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objrel_that	The father that the doctor confuses observes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objrel_that	The father that the doctor criticizes confuses the friend	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the doctor stimulates knows the teacher	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objrel_that	The father that the farmer engages greets the poet	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objrel_that	The father that the farmer greets stimulates the boy	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the farmer observes remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objrel_that	The father that the farmer understands approves the man	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel_that	The father that the friend admires inspires the mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the friend understands engages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel_that	The father that the girl encourages admires the kid	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel_that	The father that the guy encourages discourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the guy knows understands the teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objrel_that	The father that the guy observes stimulates the teacher	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the guy understands encourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel_that	The father that the kid approves encourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel_that	The father that the kid avoids admires the teacher	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel_that	The father that the kid remembers inspires the friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the lawyer avoids engages the boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objrel_that	The father that the lawyer confuses greets the teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objrel_that	The father that the lawyer criticizes avoids the teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objrel_that	The father that the lawyer criticizes inspires the boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the lawyer encourages avoids the kid	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objrel_that	The father that the lawyer understands discourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the man criticizes confuses the mother	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the man inspires confuses the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the man knows admires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objrel_that	The father that the man knows observes the poet	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel_that	The father that the man stimulates greets the victim	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objrel_that	The father that the mother engages stimulates the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the mother greets remembers the poet	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel_that	The father that the mother observes confuses the doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the mother understands encourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel_that	The father that the poet criticizes admires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objrel_that	The father that the poet engages admires the woman	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objrel_that	The father that the singer discourages approves the woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objrel_that	The father that the singer greets encourages the man	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel_that	The father that the teacher avoids encourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel_that	The father that the teacher discourages avoids the girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel_that	The father that the uncle criticizes understands the singer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel_that	The father that the uncle encourages discourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the uncle greets approves the victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objrel_that	The father that the uncle knows encourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objrel_that	The father that the uncle remembers inspires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the victim avoids engages the man	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objrel_that	The father that the victim avoids stimulates the aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the victim avoids understands the kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objrel_that	The father that the victim criticizes understands the man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel_that	The father that the victim greets criticizes the kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objrel_that	The father that the woman avoids admires the poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel_that	The father that the woman understands engages the man	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel_that	The friend that the athlete confuses criticizes the mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the athlete discourages stimulates the woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that	The friend that the athlete engages greets the victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the athlete remembers greets the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the aunt discourages encourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the boy approves inspires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the boy confuses greets the uncle	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the carpenter avoids observes the kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objrel_that	The friend that the carpenter confuses understands the farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objrel_that	The friend that the carpenter criticizes encourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the carpenter understands criticizes the boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the carpenter understands encourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the carpenter understands encourages the woman	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the doctor confuses knows the man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objrel_that	The friend that the doctor inspires admires the father	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel_that	The friend that the farmer avoids criticizes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the farmer greets admires the father	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel_that	The friend that the farmer inspires encourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the father approves encourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the father discourages greets the doctor	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the father encourages observes the guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel_that	The friend that the girl admires discourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel_that	The friend that the girl admires observes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel_that	The friend that the girl avoids admires the boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel_that	The friend that the girl inspires admires the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel_that	The friend that the girl understands knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objrel_that	The friend that the guy approves encourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the guy avoids remembers the farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel_that	The friend that the kid greets inspires the teacher	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the lawyer approves knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objrel_that	The friend that the lawyer engages remembers the aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objrel_that	The friend that the lawyer greets criticizes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the lawyer greets remembers the father	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel_that	The friend that the man admires observes the kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel_that	The friend that the man discourages stimulates the father	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that	The friend that the man greets avoids the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel_that	The friend that the man remembers stimulates the kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel_that	The friend that the mother inspires understands the guy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objrel_that	The friend that the mother observes encourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the mother remembers avoids the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel_that	The friend that the poet encourages observes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel_that	The friend that the poet inspires approves the athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objrel_that	The friend that the poet remembers confuses the boy	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objrel_that	The friend that the singer remembers encourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the teacher admires encourages the victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the teacher knows encourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the teacher stimulates avoids the father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that	The friend that the uncle encourages remembers the victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objrel_that	The friend that the victim observes inspires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the victim remembers discourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objrel_that	The friend that the woman avoids knows the uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objrel_that	The friend that the woman discourages criticizes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the woman encourages inspires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the woman inspires admires the kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel_that	The girl that the athlete knows admires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objrel_that	The girl that the athlete observes confuses the friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objrel_that	The girl that the aunt stimulates inspires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the boy avoids remembers the aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel_that	The girl that the boy observes encourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objrel_that	The girl that the boy observes knows the teacher	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel_that	The girl that the carpenter encourages understands the poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objrel_that	The girl that the carpenter engages stimulates the mother	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the carpenter knows inspires the teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the carpenter understands knows the man	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objrel_that	The girl that the doctor admires approves the father	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objrel_that	The girl that the doctor approves confuses the singer	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objrel_that	The girl that the farmer approves inspires the poet	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the farmer observes avoids the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objrel_that	The girl that the farmer remembers criticizes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objrel_that	The girl that the father observes knows the mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel_that	The girl that the father observes stimulates the athlete	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the father remembers encourages the man	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel_that	The girl that the friend avoids greets the teacher	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objrel_that	The girl that the friend discourages inspires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the guy approves admires the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objrel_that	The girl that the guy discourages inspires the teacher	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the guy understands approves the boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel_that	The girl that the guy understands inspires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the kid engages encourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objrel_that	The girl that the kid understands approves the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel_that	The girl that the lawyer engages inspires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the lawyer remembers greets the friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
objrel_that	The girl that the man criticizes confuses the guy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_that	The girl that the man criticizes inspires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the man inspires confuses the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel_that	The girl that the mother greets encourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel_that	The girl that the poet discourages greets the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objrel_that	The girl that the poet remembers discourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objrel_that	The girl that the poet stimulates discourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that	The girl that the singer greets observes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objrel_that	The girl that the teacher encourages admires the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel_that	The girl that the teacher greets stimulates the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the victim inspires engages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel_that	The girl that the victim knows avoids the boy	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objrel_that	The girl that the victim knows confuses the singer	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objrel_that	The girl that the victim stimulates remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objrel_that	The girl that the woman confuses remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objrel_that	The girl that the woman criticizes discourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel_that	The girl that the woman engages knows the aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objrel_that	The girl that the woman stimulates criticizes the victim	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objrel_that	The guy that the athlete admires approves the woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objrel_that	The guy that the athlete inspires knows the doctor	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objrel_that	The guy that the aunt greets criticizes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objrel_that	The guy that the aunt understands confuses the boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objrel_that	The guy that the boy approves discourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objrel_that	The guy that the boy discourages criticizes the girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objrel_that	The guy that the carpenter admires avoids the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objrel_that	The guy that the carpenter avoids knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objrel_that	The guy that the doctor admires stimulates the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objrel_that	The guy that the doctor avoids criticizes the kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objrel_that	The guy that the doctor avoids inspires the boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The guy that the doctor discourages criticizes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objrel_that	The guy that the doctor engages observes the mother	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel_that	The guy that the doctor observes discourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel_that	The guy that the doctor remembers stimulates the kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel_that	The guy that the doctor understands remembers the father	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objrel_that	The guy that the farmer encourages admires the friend	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel_that	The guy that the father discourages engages the woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_that	The guy that the father greets engages the woman	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objrel_that	The guy that the father inspires admires the poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel_that	The guy that the friend criticizes confuses the doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_that	The guy that the friend discourages greets the victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objrel_that	The guy that the friend observes understands the doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objrel_that	The guy that the friend remembers inspires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objrel_that	The guy that the girl admires observes the man	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel_that	The guy that the girl knows stimulates the athlete	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel_that	The guy that the girl stimulates avoids the singer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that	The guy that the girl stimulates remembers the athlete	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objrel_that	The guy that the kid discourages admires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel_that	The guy that the kid discourages understands the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objrel_that	The guy that the kid inspires encourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the lawyer approves knows the man	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objrel_that	The guy that the lawyer avoids approves the boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objrel_that	The guy that the lawyer remembers encourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the man observes confuses the singer	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objrel_that	The guy that the man observes criticizes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objrel_that	The guy that the man stimulates inspires the father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objrel_that	The guy that the man understands greets the singer	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel_that	The guy that the mother admires knows the man	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objrel_that	The guy that the mother stimulates observes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objrel_that	The guy that the poet approves confuses the father	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objrel_that	The guy that the poet greets admires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel_that	The guy that the poet greets stimulates the singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objrel_that	The guy that the poet knows avoids the singer	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objrel_that	The guy that the singer remembers stimulates the friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel_that	The guy that the singer stimulates confuses the girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that	The guy that the teacher stimulates greets the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objrel_that	The guy that the victim encourages avoids the boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objrel_that	The guy that the victim observes remembers the uncle	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objrel_that	The kid that the athlete confuses stimulates the girl	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that	The kid that the aunt confuses avoids the farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objrel_that	The kid that the aunt encourages stimulates the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that	The kid that the boy confuses criticizes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel_that	The kid that the carpenter remembers approves the teacher	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_that	The kid that the doctor confuses greets the man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objrel_that	The kid that the doctor encourages avoids the poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objrel_that	The kid that the doctor engages observes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel_that	The kid that the doctor knows discourages the father	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objrel_that	The kid that the farmer inspires engages the father	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel_that	The kid that the farmer inspires knows the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objrel_that	The kid that the father avoids confuses the poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objrel_that	The kid that the father confuses inspires the woman	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objrel_that	The kid that the father encourages knows the doctor	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel_that	The kid that the father understands admires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objrel_that	The kid that the friend engages avoids the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objrel_that	The kid that the girl admires remembers the guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objrel_that	The kid that the girl stimulates admires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objrel_that	The kid that the lawyer admires confuses the poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objrel_that	The kid that the lawyer avoids remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel_that	The kid that the lawyer discourages observes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel_that	The kid that the lawyer inspires confuses the mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel_that	The kid that the man confuses criticizes the poet	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel_that	The kid that the mother approves encourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel_that	The kid that the mother discourages approves the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objrel_that	The kid that the mother engages understands the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objrel_that	The kid that the mother stimulates encourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that	The kid that the poet confuses stimulates the father	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that	The kid that the poet criticizes knows the girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objrel_that	The kid that the poet observes confuses the guy	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objrel_that	The kid that the singer inspires engages the father	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel_that	The kid that the singer inspires greets the farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objrel_that	The kid that the singer observes stimulates the victim	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objrel_that	The kid that the singer understands inspires the girl	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
objrel_that	The kid that the teacher discourages greets the boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objrel_that	The kid that the teacher encourages avoids the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objrel_that	The kid that the teacher encourages discourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel_that	The kid that the uncle criticizes discourages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel_that	The kid that the uncle engages confuses the man	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objrel_that	The kid that the uncle engages greets the victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objrel_that	The kid that the victim admires inspires the friend	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objrel_that	The kid that the victim confuses discourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objrel_that	The kid that the victim confuses knows the guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objrel_that	The kid that the victim inspires encourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objrel_that	The kid that the woman greets avoids the father	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel_that	The lawyer that the athlete greets approves the aunt	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objrel_that	The lawyer that the athlete understands avoids the man	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objrel_that	The lawyer that the aunt engages understands the kid	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the aunt inspires encourages the father	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the boy confuses admires the mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the boy inspires understands the aunt	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the doctor greets encourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the doctor inspires discourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the farmer confuses understands the woman	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the farmer engages discourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the farmer observes stimulates the doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objrel_that	The lawyer that the father knows understands the mother	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the father remembers discourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the friend remembers inspires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the friend stimulates criticizes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objrel_that	The lawyer that the friend stimulates criticizes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objrel_that	The lawyer that the girl remembers discourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the guy avoids encourages the father	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the guy understands criticizes the friend	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objrel_that	The lawyer that the kid admires approves the athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objrel_that	The lawyer that the kid confuses greets the uncle	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objrel_that	The lawyer that the kid discourages criticizes the mother	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objrel_that	The lawyer that the kid discourages observes the boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the kid encourages greets the athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel_that	The lawyer that the kid knows understands the teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the kid remembers stimulates the aunt	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel_that	The lawyer that the man admires avoids the guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objrel_that	The lawyer that the man remembers stimulates the farmer	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel_that	The lawyer that the mother confuses understands the kid	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the mother encourages approves the farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objrel_that	The lawyer that the mother greets understands the victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the poet approves engages the boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the singer inspires encourages the man	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the singer knows admires the victim	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the teacher discourages approves the boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objrel_that	The lawyer that the uncle discourages inspires the kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the victim encourages greets the farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel_that	The lawyer that the woman discourages avoids the uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel_that	The man that the athlete inspires approves the singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objrel_that	The man that the athlete inspires remembers the mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel_that	The man that the aunt inspires knows the father	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objrel_that	The man that the boy knows greets the singer	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel_that	The man that the boy understands engages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel_that	The man that the carpenter admires observes the victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel_that	The man that the carpenter knows admires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objrel_that	The man that the carpenter observes greets the victim	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objrel_that	The man that the doctor greets engages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objrel_that	The man that the doctor inspires admires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel_that	The man that the doctor knows inspires the boy	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objrel_that	The man that the farmer admires observes the mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel_that	The man that the farmer encourages knows the guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel_that	The man that the father engages inspires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objrel_that	The man that the father knows stimulates the teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel_that	The man that the friend avoids inspires the boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The man that the friend engages remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objrel_that	The man that the friend observes avoids the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objrel_that	The man that the girl approves criticizes the victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
objrel_that	The man that the girl confuses stimulates the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that	The man that the guy criticizes avoids the girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objrel_that	The man that the kid admires discourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the kid confuses remembers the doctor	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objrel_that	The man that the lawyer greets admires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel_that	The man that the lawyer observes discourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the mother approves understands the athlete	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objrel_that	The man that the mother stimulates discourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the poet criticizes discourages the father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the teacher admires avoids the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objrel_that	The man that the teacher confuses engages the kid	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objrel_that	The man that the teacher discourages encourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objrel_that	The man that the teacher greets avoids the uncle	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel_that	The man that the uncle criticizes greets the kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel_that	The man that the uncle discourages admires the woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel_that	The man that the victim engages stimulates the teacher	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objrel_that	The man that the victim observes inspires the girl	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objrel_that	The man that the woman discourages confuses the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objrel_that	The man that the woman engages encourages the victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objrel_that	The man that the woman knows admires the father	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objrel_that	The man that the woman stimulates discourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that	The mother that the athlete approves greets the kid	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objrel_that	The mother that the athlete engages knows the woman	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objrel_that	The mother that the athlete greets discourages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objrel_that	The mother that the aunt confuses inspires the poet	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objrel_that	The mother that the aunt criticizes encourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objrel_that	The mother that the aunt remembers encourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel_that	The mother that the aunt understands admires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objrel_that	The mother that the carpenter admires observes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel_that	The mother that the carpenter discourages avoids the friend	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel_that	The mother that the carpenter engages discourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel_that	The mother that the carpenter inspires observes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objrel_that	The mother that the carpenter knows discourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objrel_that	The mother that the doctor avoids inspires the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The mother that the farmer avoids admires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel_that	The mother that the farmer criticizes greets the aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel_that	The mother that the friend approves engages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the friend criticizes greets the man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel_that	The mother that the friend engages remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objrel_that	The mother that the friend greets criticizes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objrel_that	The mother that the friend greets understands the father	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
objrel_that	The mother that the girl confuses remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objrel_that	The mother that the girl discourages approves the poet	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objrel_that	The mother that the girl stimulates engages the friend	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the guy knows encourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objrel_that	The mother that the guy knows remembers the poet	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objrel_that	The mother that the lawyer confuses admires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objrel_that	The mother that the lawyer encourages inspires the boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objrel_that	The mother that the lawyer knows engages the kid	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the man admires criticizes the poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objrel_that	The mother that the man criticizes avoids the father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objrel_that	The mother that the man inspires discourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objrel_that	The mother that the poet understands discourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objrel_that	The mother that the singer confuses observes the boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objrel_that	The mother that the singer discourages criticizes the poet	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objrel_that	The mother that the singer greets admires the woman	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel_that	The mother that the singer inspires approves the teacher	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objrel_that	The mother that the teacher stimulates confuses the singer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that	The mother that the uncle greets avoids the athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel_that	The mother that the uncle knows observes the guy	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel_that	The mother that the uncle remembers understands the doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
objrel_that	The mother that the victim criticizes avoids the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objrel_that	The mother that the victim discourages stimulates the woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that	The mother that the victim greets approves the doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objrel_that	The mother that the victim observes criticizes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objrel_that	The mother that the victim remembers approves the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_that	The mother that the victim understands engages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the woman confuses understands the teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objrel_that	The mother that the woman knows engages the friend	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the woman stimulates discourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that	The poet that the athlete approves avoids the man	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objrel_that	The poet that the athlete remembers greets the singer	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
objrel_that	The poet that the aunt engages discourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel_that	The poet that the aunt greets engages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objrel_that	The poet that the boy inspires admires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel_that	The poet that the carpenter approves discourages the father	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objrel_that	The poet that the carpenter knows observes the victim	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel_that	The poet that the carpenter remembers avoids the girl	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel_that	The poet that the doctor confuses admires the friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objrel_that	The poet that the doctor remembers approves the guy	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_that	The poet that the farmer admires inspires the woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objrel_that	The poet that the farmer avoids engages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objrel_that	The poet that the farmer criticizes avoids the guy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objrel_that	The poet that the father observes admires the victim	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objrel_that	The poet that the father understands inspires the boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
objrel_that	The poet that the friend admires remembers the farmer	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objrel_that	The poet that the friend engages admires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objrel_that	The poet that the friend inspires observes the victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objrel_that	The poet that the girl admires knows the kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objrel_that	The poet that the girl criticizes confuses the uncle	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the girl greets avoids the father	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel_that	The poet that the guy criticizes confuses the athlete	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the guy inspires criticizes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objrel_that	The poet that the kid approves inspires the victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objrel_that	The poet that the kid approves observes the man	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objrel_that	The poet that the kid inspires knows the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objrel_that	The poet that the lawyer admires greets the teacher	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel_that	The poet that the man approves confuses the uncle	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the man confuses understands the mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objrel_that	The poet that the man discourages encourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the mother avoids inspires the kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The poet that the mother criticizes confuses the doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the mother stimulates avoids the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that	The poet that the singer criticizes discourages the woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel_that	The poet that the singer engages remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objrel_that	The poet that the singer observes criticizes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objrel_that	The poet that the singer remembers avoids the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel_that	The poet that the teacher admires remembers the boy	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objrel_that	The poet that the teacher avoids discourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objrel_that	The poet that the uncle confuses remembers the father	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objrel_that	The poet that the uncle encourages stimulates the teacher	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that	The poet that the uncle knows stimulates the mother	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel_that	The poet that the uncle remembers encourages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the victim admires discourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel_that	The poet that the woman admires knows the girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objrel_that	The poet that the woman engages discourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel_that	The poet that the woman remembers engages the man	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objrel_that	The singer that the athlete avoids approves the friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objrel_that	The singer that the athlete confuses encourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objrel_that	The singer that the athlete discourages engages the victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_that	The singer that the athlete observes understands the guy	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the aunt inspires observes the woman	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objrel_that	The singer that the aunt stimulates greets the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objrel_that	The singer that the boy confuses knows the doctor	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objrel_that	The singer that the boy discourages admires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the boy understands remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objrel_that	The singer that the carpenter confuses discourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objrel_that	The singer that the carpenter discourages engages the friend	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_that	The singer that the doctor inspires greets the athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objrel_that	The singer that the farmer admires approves the mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objrel_that	The singer that the farmer admires understands the girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the father admires observes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel_that	The singer that the father approves stimulates the mother	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel_that	The singer that the father avoids criticizes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objrel_that	The singer that the father engages knows the aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objrel_that	The singer that the father stimulates confuses the kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that	The singer that the friend discourages admires the victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the friend observes knows the father	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel_that	The singer that the friend stimulates approves the girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objrel_that	The singer that the girl admires confuses the woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objrel_that	The singer that the girl admires discourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel_that	The singer that the girl admires observes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel_that	The singer that the girl engages encourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objrel_that	The singer that the girl engages knows the man	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objrel_that	The singer that the girl greets encourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel_that	The singer that the girl greets remembers the uncle	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel_that	The singer that the guy admires engages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
objrel_that	The singer that the guy discourages remembers the victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel_that	The singer that the guy engages criticizes the victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objrel_that	The singer that the kid encourages observes the guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel_that	The singer that the lawyer avoids inspires the man	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The singer that the lawyer discourages inspires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objrel_that	The singer that the lawyer stimulates remembers the girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objrel_that	The singer that the man criticizes admires the mother	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the man encourages understands the athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the man engages criticizes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objrel_that	The singer that the man understands avoids the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objrel_that	The singer that the mother admires inspires the poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objrel_that	The singer that the mother engages understands the aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the poet greets inspires the father	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objrel_that	The singer that the poet knows understands the girl	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the poet remembers stimulates the farmer	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel_that	The singer that the uncle confuses inspires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objrel_that	The singer that the uncle discourages avoids the teacher	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel_that	The singer that the uncle stimulates admires the victim	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the victim discourages confuses the kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objrel_that	The singer that the victim encourages criticizes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel_that	The singer that the victim greets approves the girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objrel_that	The singer that the victim knows discourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objrel_that	The singer that the victim observes discourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel_that	The singer that the victim stimulates criticizes the boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objrel_that	The singer that the woman confuses stimulates the boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that	The singer that the woman discourages inspires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objrel_that	The singer that the woman observes encourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objrel_that	The singer that the woman understands criticizes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objrel_that	The teacher that the athlete inspires approves the poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objrel_that	The teacher that the athlete inspires engages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the aunt greets criticizes the victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objrel_that	The teacher that the aunt inspires criticizes the woman	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objrel_that	The teacher that the aunt observes discourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the aunt remembers confuses the kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objrel_that	The teacher that the aunt remembers observes the friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objrel_that	The teacher that the boy admires stimulates the kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objrel_that	The teacher that the carpenter encourages observes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel_that	The teacher that the carpenter knows observes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel_that	The teacher that the carpenter remembers admires the friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
objrel_that	The teacher that the carpenter understands admires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctor admires confuses the athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctor criticizes encourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctor discourages engages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctor remembers inspires the guy	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objrel_that	The teacher that the farmer criticizes knows the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objrel_that	The teacher that the father confuses discourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the father discourages approves the friend	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objrel_that	The teacher that the father discourages understands the doctor	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objrel_that	The teacher that the father encourages observes the guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel_that	The teacher that the father greets stimulates the mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objrel_that	The teacher that the father stimulates remembers the athlete	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the father understands engages the woman	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the girl criticizes encourages the woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the girl discourages knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objrel_that	The teacher that the girl engages admires the boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objrel_that	The teacher that the girl knows observes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel_that	The teacher that the guy encourages stimulates the victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that	The teacher that the kid greets understands the girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
objrel_that	The teacher that the kid stimulates criticizes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objrel_that	The teacher that the lawyer avoids admires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel_that	The teacher that the lawyer confuses remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the lawyer criticizes understands the father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel_that	The teacher that the lawyer discourages observes the boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel_that	The teacher that the lawyer engages criticizes the friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objrel_that	The teacher that the lawyer observes knows the victim	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel_that	The teacher that the man avoids engages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the man avoids stimulates the victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objrel_that	The teacher that the man encourages understands the boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objrel_that	The teacher that the man engages remembers the father	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the man knows encourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the mother confuses encourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the mother inspires admires the poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel_that	The teacher that the poet discourages approves the friend	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objrel_that	The teacher that the poet engages knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objrel_that	The teacher that the poet understands engages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the singer approves admires the poet	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objrel_that	The teacher that the singer avoids stimulates the aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objrel_that	The teacher that the singer encourages understands the victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objrel_that	The teacher that the singer observes remembers the boy	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the uncle avoids inspires the guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The teacher that the uncle avoids stimulates the farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objrel_that	The teacher that the uncle encourages engages the man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the uncle engages approves the poet	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objrel_that	The teacher that the woman discourages approves the kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objrel_that	The teacher that the woman inspires discourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the woman remembers criticizes the kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objrel_that	The uncle that the athlete criticizes knows the woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the athlete knows observes the poet	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunt confuses criticizes the guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunt confuses stimulates the farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunt greets remembers the victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunt knows encourages the father	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the boy stimulates knows the aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the carpenter criticizes engages the singer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objrel_that	The uncle that the carpenter encourages approves the farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objrel_that	The uncle that the doctor avoids admires the guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel_that	The uncle that the doctor remembers avoids the man	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel_that	The uncle that the farmer approves encourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the farmer stimulates admires the mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objrel_that	The uncle that the farmer understands encourages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the father approves remembers the guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objrel_that	The uncle that the father greets approves the athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objrel_that	The uncle that the friend avoids admires the father	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel_that	The uncle that the friend greets knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the friend knows stimulates the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the friend stimulates approves the aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objrel_that	The uncle that the girl understands confuses the kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objrel_that	The uncle that the girl understands encourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the guy avoids observes the woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objrel_that	The uncle that the guy discourages approves the teacher	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objrel_that	The uncle that the guy engages discourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the guy observes discourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the kid avoids criticizes the man	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objrel_that	The uncle that the kid greets stimulates the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the lawyer observes criticizes the poet	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objrel_that	The uncle that the lawyer observes engages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objrel_that	The uncle that the man greets avoids the aunt	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel_that	The uncle that the man understands knows the kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the mother confuses criticizes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel_that	The uncle that the mother observes engages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objrel_that	The uncle that the mother stimulates confuses the girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that	The uncle that the poet criticizes avoids the kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objrel_that	The uncle that the poet encourages discourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the poet observes knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the singer admires approves the boy	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objrel_that	The uncle that the singer greets remembers the boy	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel_that	The uncle that the teacher avoids knows the doctor	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the teacher avoids remembers the poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel_that	The uncle that the teacher observes understands the poet	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objrel_that	The uncle that the victim discourages admires the mother	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel_that	The uncle that the victim inspires remembers the father	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel_that	The uncle that the victim remembers approves the kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_that	The uncle that the victim understands avoids the athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objrel_that	The uncle that the woman criticizes greets the man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel_that	The uncle that the woman greets avoids the victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel_that	The uncle that the woman knows discourages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the athlete engages inspires the poet	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objrel_that	The victim that the athlete engages knows the uncle	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objrel_that	The victim that the athlete inspires knows the mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objrel_that	The victim that the athlete remembers admires the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
objrel_that	The victim that the athlete stimulates remembers the man	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objrel_that	The victim that the aunt approves knows the man	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objrel_that	The victim that the aunt confuses understands the farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objrel_that	The victim that the aunt inspires approves the friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objrel_that	The victim that the aunt inspires confuses the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel_that	The victim that the boy avoids observes the woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objrel_that	The victim that the boy engages admires the father	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objrel_that	The victim that the boy stimulates avoids the kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that	The victim that the boy stimulates engages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objrel_that	The victim that the carpenter admires criticizes the guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objrel_that	The victim that the doctor avoids discourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the doctor encourages stimulates the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the doctor greets engages the friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objrel_that	The victim that the farmer engages confuses the father	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objrel_that	The victim that the farmer knows encourages the father	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objrel_that	The victim that the father greets stimulates the doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the friend avoids encourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel_that	The victim that the friend remembers approves the doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_that	The victim that the girl avoids admires the guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel_that	The victim that the girl confuses criticizes the friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel_that	The victim that the girl discourages confuses the aunt	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objrel_that	The victim that the guy avoids knows the singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objrel_that	The victim that the guy inspires approves the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objrel_that	The victim that the guy observes encourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objrel_that	The victim that the guy understands observes the kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objrel_that	The victim that the kid criticizes admires the boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objrel_that	The victim that the kid inspires confuses the woman	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel_that	The victim that the lawyer criticizes understands the friend	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel_that	The victim that the lawyer greets admires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objrel_that	The victim that the lawyer inspires discourages the man	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the lawyer stimulates greets the doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objrel_that	The victim that the man avoids criticizes the poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objrel_that	The victim that the mother confuses approves the friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objrel_that	The victim that the mother criticizes stimulates the woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the mother engages observes the man	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel_that	The victim that the mother observes understands the friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objrel_that	The victim that the poet admires encourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objrel_that	The victim that the poet encourages observes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel_that	The victim that the singer greets inspires the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objrel_that	The victim that the singer inspires approves the friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objrel_that	The victim that the singer knows avoids the teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objrel_that	The victim that the teacher discourages greets the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objrel_that	The victim that the uncle admires greets the athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel_that	The victim that the uncle confuses criticizes the man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel_that	The victim that the uncle stimulates admires the mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objrel_that	The victim that the woman knows confuses the farmer	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objrel_that	The victim that the woman observes stimulates the singer	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objrel_that	The woman that the athlete avoids inspires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The woman that the athlete criticizes remembers the father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objrel_that	The woman that the athlete observes admires the girl	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objrel_that	The woman that the athlete observes greets the girl	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objrel_that	The woman that the athlete understands observes the mother	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objrel_that	The woman that the aunt greets knows the mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel_that	The woman that the aunt remembers avoids the man	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel_that	The woman that the aunt stimulates observes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objrel_that	The woman that the boy admires knows the kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objrel_that	The woman that the boy engages admires the poet	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objrel_that	The woman that the boy knows approves the mother	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the boy observes approves the uncle	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the carpenter confuses stimulates the mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that	The woman that the carpenter discourages criticizes the boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the doctor criticizes admires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objrel_that	The woman that the farmer avoids approves the boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the farmer inspires confuses the boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel_that	The woman that the farmer inspires discourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objrel_that	The woman that the farmer stimulates inspires the teacher	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objrel_that	The woman that the father approves observes the girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objrel_that	The woman that the father discourages approves the man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the father discourages engages the girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_that	The woman that the father observes discourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel_that	The woman that the friend confuses understands the guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objrel_that	The woman that the friend encourages observes the singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel_that	The woman that the friend remembers admires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
objrel_that	The woman that the girl engages approves the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the girl engages confuses the victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objrel_that	The woman that the girl knows remembers the poet	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objrel_that	The woman that the girl remembers criticizes the singer	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the girl understands criticizes the victim	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the guy admires approves the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the guy encourages knows the man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel_that	The woman that the kid inspires encourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objrel_that	The woman that the lawyer inspires stimulates the friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objrel_that	The woman that the man admires criticizes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the man engages stimulates the father	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objrel_that	The woman that the man stimulates understands the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objrel_that	The woman that the mother admires criticizes the singer	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the mother inspires understands the boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objrel_that	The woman that the mother observes avoids the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objrel_that	The woman that the mother observes remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objrel_that	The woman that the poet avoids engages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objrel_that	The woman that the poet observes stimulates the mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objrel_that	The woman that the singer avoids inspires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The woman that the teacher avoids confuses the friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objrel_that	The woman that the teacher greets criticizes the father	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the uncle encourages discourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel_that	The woman that the uncle knows remembers the girl	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objrel_that	The woman that the uncle observes greets the father	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objrel_that	The woman that the victim avoids understands the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objrel_that	The woman that the victim knows approves the teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the victim observes approves the girl	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the victim observes avoids the guy	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objrel_that	The athlete that the aunt inspires engages the victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel_that	The athlete that the boy discourages observes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
objrel_that	The athlete that the boy inspires criticizes the poets	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
objrel_that	The athlete that the boy observes stimulates the fathers	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
objrel_that	The athlete that the boy stimulates discourages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the carpenter confuses greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel_that	The athlete that the carpenter engages understands the friends	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
objrel_that	The athlete that the carpenter inspires encourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the carpenter understands approves the aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
objrel_that	The athlete that the doctor avoids greets the kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
objrel_that	The athlete that the doctor greets understands the aunts	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
objrel_that	The athlete that the doctor stimulates engages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that	The athlete that the doctor stimulates engages the kids	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that	The athlete that the doctor understands discourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the farmer inspires observes the friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel_that	The athlete that the farmer knows discourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the father approves greets the kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
objrel_that	The athlete that the father observes remembers the teachers	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel_that	The athlete that the father understands discourages the poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the friend avoids greets the victims	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
objrel_that	The athlete that the friend stimulates confuses the victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that	The athlete that the girl criticizes admires the victims	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel_that	The athlete that the girl inspires remembers the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel_that	The athlete that the girl observes remembers the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel_that	The athlete that the guy avoids understands the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
objrel_that	The athlete that the guy observes engages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
objrel_that	The athlete that the kid observes encourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the kid understands stimulates the girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel_that	The athlete that the lawyer inspires stimulates the singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
objrel_that	The athlete that the man discourages observes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
objrel_that	The athlete that the man observes criticizes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticize
objrel_that	The athlete that the man understands avoids the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
objrel_that	The athlete that the mother stimulates encourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the poet admires observes the guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
objrel_that	The athlete that the poet criticizes encourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the poet stimulates avoids the farmers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that	The athlete that the singer encourages criticizes the doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
objrel_that	The athlete that the teacher avoids greets the fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
objrel_that	The athlete that the teacher engages remembers the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel_that	The athlete that the teacher observes approves the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
objrel_that	The athlete that the uncle greets engages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
objrel_that	The athlete that the uncle remembers encourages the women	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the victim admires approves the boys	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
objrel_that	The athlete that the victim confuses discourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the victim encourages observes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
objrel_that	The athlete that the victim greets remembers the teachers	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel_that	The athlete that the victim observes admires the guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
objrel_that	The athlete that the victim observes approves the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
objrel_that	The athlete that the victim observes understands the boys	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
objrel_that	The athlete that the woman admires avoids the victims	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
objrel_that	The athlete that the woman understands avoids the poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the athlete admires engages the guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
objrel_that	The aunt that the athlete criticizes approves the boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel_that	The aunt that the athlete discourages admires the girls	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
objrel_that	The aunt that the athlete stimulates knows the friends	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel_that	The aunt that the boy approves avoids the athletes	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the boy remembers encourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the carpenter discourages knows the kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel_that	The aunt that the doctor encourages admires the men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel_that	The aunt that the farmer criticizes avoids the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the farmer engages inspires the kids	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel_that	The aunt that the father avoids understands the men	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
objrel_that	The aunt that the father encourages stimulates the girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that	The aunt that the father greets inspires the friends	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel_that	The aunt that the father knows approves the men	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel_that	The aunt that the father knows confuses the guys	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
objrel_that	The aunt that the father observes remembers the athletes	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel_that	The aunt that the friend approves understands the women	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel_that	The aunt that the friend avoids engages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
objrel_that	The aunt that the friend engages approves the victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
objrel_that	The aunt that the friend engages understands the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
objrel_that	The aunt that the girl admires understands the poets	singular	singular	plural	admire	understand
objrel_that	The aunt that the girl approves encourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the girl encourages greets the fathers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
objrel_that	The aunt that the girl stimulates encourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the guy avoids understands the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
objrel_that	The aunt that the kid avoids inspires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The aunt that the kid greets understands the girls	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
objrel_that	The aunt that the kid stimulates knows the singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel_that	The aunt that the lawyer confuses engages the women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
objrel_that	The aunt that the man criticizes admires the women	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel_that	The aunt that the mother inspires understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_that	The aunt that the poet approves knows the guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel_that	The aunt that the poet avoids criticizes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
objrel_that	The aunt that the poet avoids encourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the poet avoids greets the victims	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
objrel_that	The aunt that the poet inspires confuses the women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
objrel_that	The aunt that the poet understands admires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
objrel_that	The aunt that the poet understands engages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel_that	The aunt that the singer approves inspires the poets	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
objrel_that	The aunt that the singer confuses knows the kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel_that	The aunt that the singer remembers engages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
objrel_that	The aunt that the singer stimulates avoids the uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the teacher observes remembers the victims	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel_that	The aunt that the teacher remembers confuses the men	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
objrel_that	The aunt that the uncle admires encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the uncle understands knows the girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
objrel_that	The aunt that the victim approves discourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the victim greets avoids the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the victim inspires stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
objrel_that	The aunt that the woman engages admires the mothers	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
objrel_that	The aunt that the woman understands remembers the athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
objrel_that	The boy that the athlete confuses encourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel_that	The boy that the athlete discourages admires the victims	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
objrel_that	The boy that the athlete understands criticizes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel_that	The boy that the aunt confuses criticizes the women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
objrel_that	The boy that the aunt engages approves the fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
objrel_that	The boy that the carpenter approves remembers the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
objrel_that	The boy that the doctor avoids approves the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
objrel_that	The boy that the doctor engages confuses the friends	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
objrel_that	The boy that the farmer avoids inspires the women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The boy that the farmer confuses encourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel_that	The boy that the farmer discourages avoids the men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
objrel_that	The boy that the farmer inspires admires the girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
objrel_that	The boy that the farmer stimulates knows the athletes	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel_that	The boy that the father criticizes avoids the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
objrel_that	The boy that the father discourages understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
objrel_that	The boy that the friend understands engages the poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the girl knows engages the women	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the guy admires avoids the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
objrel_that	The boy that the guy admires encourages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
objrel_that	The boy that the guy approves remembers the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
objrel_that	The boy that the guy avoids inspires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The boy that the guy criticizes engages the women	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the guy stimulates observes the girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
objrel_that	The boy that the kid avoids understands the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
objrel_that	The boy that the kid encourages greets the aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
objrel_that	The boy that the lawyer understands confuses the victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
objrel_that	The boy that the man admires criticizes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
objrel_that	The boy that the man criticizes confuses the mothers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
objrel_that	The boy that the mother confuses greets the men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel_that	The boy that the mother observes encourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel_that	The boy that the poet greets inspires the guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel_that	The boy that the poet inspires criticizes the girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
objrel_that	The boy that the singer admires inspires the women	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
objrel_that	The boy that the singer criticizes inspires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
objrel_that	The boy that the teacher admires criticizes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
objrel_that	The boy that the teacher approves observes the men	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
objrel_that	The boy that the teacher avoids engages the kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the uncle confuses engages the kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the uncle discourages confuses the guys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
objrel_that	The boy that the uncle understands admires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
objrel_that	The boy that the victim discourages understands the farmers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
objrel_that	The boy that the victim discourages understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
objrel_that	The boy that the victim inspires understands the girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_that	The boy that the woman admires discourages the men	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the athlete admires discourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the athlete knows criticizes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
objrel_that	The carpenter that the aunt remembers confuses the fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
objrel_that	The carpenter that the boy admires engages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the boy greets discourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the doctor avoids engages the boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the doctor understands discourages the women	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the farmer discourages knows the women	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel_that	The carpenter that the farmer engages understands the boys	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
objrel_that	The carpenter that the father approves admires the friends	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the father confuses observes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
objrel_that	The carpenter that the father discourages avoids the poets	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
objrel_that	The carpenter that the father encourages avoids the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
objrel_that	The carpenter that the father encourages remembers the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
objrel_that	The carpenter that the father engages discourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the father inspires approves the guys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
objrel_that	The carpenter that the father understands greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
objrel_that	The carpenter that the father understands stimulates the farmers	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel_that	The carpenter that the friend discourages avoids the teachers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
objrel_that	The carpenter that the friend inspires stimulates the farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
objrel_that	The carpenter that the friend stimulates confuses the fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that	The carpenter that the girl engages criticizes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
objrel_that	The carpenter that the girl knows avoids the victims	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
objrel_that	The carpenter that the guy observes admires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the guy stimulates discourages the men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the guy understands stimulates the fathers	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel_that	The carpenter that the kid approves encourages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the kid confuses stimulates the women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that	The carpenter that the kid stimulates engages the singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the lawyer criticizes knows the men	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel_that	The carpenter that the lawyer encourages confuses the doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
objrel_that	The carpenter that the lawyer knows understands the men	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
objrel_that	The carpenter that the man criticizes discourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the man encourages understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
objrel_that	The carpenter that the mother approves avoids the kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
objrel_that	The carpenter that the mother confuses avoids the kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel_that	The carpenter that the mother criticizes encourages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the poet approves observes the uncles	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
objrel_that	The carpenter that the poet avoids confuses the women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
objrel_that	The carpenter that the poet greets criticizes the women	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
objrel_that	The carpenter that the poet knows understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
objrel_that	The carpenter that the poet remembers observes the women	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
objrel_that	The carpenter that the teacher admires understands the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	understand
objrel_that	The carpenter that the uncle confuses remembers the girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
objrel_that	The carpenter that the uncle discourages engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the uncle inspires remembers the doctors	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel_that	The carpenter that the uncle remembers approves the doctors	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
objrel_that	The carpenter that the uncle understands engages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the victim avoids confuses the aunts	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
objrel_that	The carpenter that the woman confuses knows the poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel_that	The carpenter that the woman criticizes understands the farmers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
objrel_that	The carpenter that the woman stimulates admires the poets	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the athlete greets admires the singers	singular	singular	plural	greet	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the aunt knows admires the guys	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the boy discourages confuses the kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
objrel_that	The doctor that the boy discourages criticizes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticize
objrel_that	The doctor that the boy greets admires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the boy remembers knows the guys	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
objrel_that	The doctor that the carpenter admires avoids the farmers	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
objrel_that	The doctor that the carpenter confuses admires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the carpenter knows admires the guys	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the farmer avoids remembers the victims	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
objrel_that	The doctor that the farmer knows approves the aunts	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel_that	The doctor that the farmer observes encourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the farmer remembers admires the kids	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the farmer stimulates discourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the farmer stimulates inspires the girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
objrel_that	The doctor that the farmer understands criticizes the boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel_that	The doctor that the father observes admires the victims	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the friend inspires remembers the mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel_that	The doctor that the friend understands stimulates the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel_that	The doctor that the girl greets engages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
objrel_that	The doctor that the girl inspires avoids the men	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
objrel_that	The doctor that the girl knows encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the guy criticizes confuses the girls	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
objrel_that	The doctor that the guy discourages confuses the singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
objrel_that	The doctor that the guy inspires engages the singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel_that	The doctor that the guy observes confuses the aunts	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
objrel_that	The doctor that the kid greets stimulates the victims	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
objrel_that	The doctor that the kid inspires engages the victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel_that	The doctor that the kid inspires remembers the victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel_that	The doctor that the kid observes admires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the lawyer engages greets the fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
objrel_that	The doctor that the man avoids understands the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
objrel_that	The doctor that the mother admires approves the fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
objrel_that	The doctor that the mother greets approves the uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
objrel_that	The doctor that the mother knows engages the women	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel_that	The doctor that the mother remembers greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
objrel_that	The doctor that the poet confuses approves the singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel_that	The doctor that the poet criticizes admires the boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the poet criticizes inspires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
objrel_that	The doctor that the poet discourages remembers the women	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
objrel_that	The doctor that the poet inspires understands the farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_that	The doctor that the poet observes knows the girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	know
objrel_that	The doctor that the singer admires encourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the singer criticizes encourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the singer remembers criticizes the boys	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
objrel_that	The doctor that the teacher avoids observes the guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
objrel_that	The doctor that the teacher confuses understands the aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel_that	The doctor that the teacher criticizes inspires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
objrel_that	The doctor that the teacher discourages observes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
objrel_that	The doctor that the teacher engages observes the women	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
objrel_that	The doctor that the teacher remembers knows the friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
objrel_that	The doctor that the uncle discourages inspires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
objrel_that	The doctor that the victim criticizes discourages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the victim discourages understands the farmers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
objrel_that	The doctor that the victim greets engages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
objrel_that	The doctor that the victim greets inspires the men	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel_that	The doctor that the victim stimulates avoids the uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that	The doctor that the woman engages discourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the woman engages stimulates the farmers	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
objrel_that	The doctor that the woman greets admires the poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	admire
objrel_that	The farmer that the aunt approves confuses the uncles	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
objrel_that	The farmer that the aunt confuses admires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_that	The farmer that the aunt encourages greets the women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
objrel_that	The farmer that the aunt remembers admires the girls	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
objrel_that	The farmer that the boy understands avoids the doctors	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
objrel_that	The farmer that the carpenter avoids admires the victims	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel_that	The farmer that the carpenter discourages observes the kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
objrel_that	The farmer that the carpenter observes remembers the fathers	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the carpenter remembers engages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
objrel_that	The farmer that the carpenter understands encourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the doctor approves stimulates the aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel_that	The farmer that the doctor confuses admires the mothers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_that	The farmer that the doctor encourages remembers the poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the doctor remembers stimulates the singers	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
objrel_that	The farmer that the doctor stimulates engages the girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that	The farmer that the father admires remembers the girls	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the father remembers discourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the friend admires criticizes the uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
objrel_that	The farmer that the friend avoids understands the boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
objrel_that	The farmer that the friend knows inspires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
objrel_that	The farmer that the friend understands remembers the singers	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the girl admires knows the aunts	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
objrel_that	The farmer that the girl confuses engages the singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
objrel_that	The farmer that the girl criticizes admires the mothers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel_that	The farmer that the girl inspires understands the men	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_that	The farmer that the kid discourages encourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the lawyer remembers encourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the man confuses greets the friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel_that	The farmer that the man discourages remembers the women	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the man encourages confuses the boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
objrel_that	The farmer that the man engages avoids the poets	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
objrel_that	The farmer that the man knows admires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel_that	The farmer that the man observes avoids the mothers	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
objrel_that	The farmer that the man understands stimulates the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel_that	The farmer that the mother avoids stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
objrel_that	The farmer that the mother observes engages the singers	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
objrel_that	The farmer that the poet admires observes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
objrel_that	The farmer that the singer confuses knows the athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel_that	The farmer that the singer remembers engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
objrel_that	The farmer that the teacher avoids knows the fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
objrel_that	The farmer that the teacher remembers confuses the uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
objrel_that	The farmer that the uncle avoids admires the kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel_that	The farmer that the uncle engages discourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the victim confuses avoids the mothers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel_that	The farmer that the victim knows remembers the girls	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the victim remembers discourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the woman confuses engages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
objrel_that	The farmer that the woman confuses stimulates the men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that	The farmer that the woman engages remembers the aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the woman inspires encourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the woman knows stimulates the mothers	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the athlete confuses observes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
objrel_that	The father that the athlete remembers engages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
objrel_that	The father that the athlete remembers observes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
objrel_that	The father that the aunt confuses encourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel_that	The father that the aunt confuses greets the men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel_that	The father that the aunt observes encourages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel_that	The father that the boy confuses remembers the aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
objrel_that	The father that the boy observes remembers the poets	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel_that	The father that the carpenter avoids observes the friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
objrel_that	The father that the carpenter encourages discourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the carpenter observes discourages the women	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the carpenter remembers admires the singers	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
objrel_that	The father that the carpenter stimulates criticizes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
objrel_that	The father that the doctor avoids inspires the friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the doctor knows approves the teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel_that	The father that the farmer observes discourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the friend criticizes admires the mothers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel_that	The father that the friend inspires confuses the singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the friend inspires engages the women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel_that	The father that the friend knows greets the mothers	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
objrel_that	The father that the girl confuses admires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_that	The father that the girl knows inspires the guys	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the guy criticizes discourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the guy discourages confuses the women	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the guy greets admires the women	singular	singular	plural	greet	admire
objrel_that	The father that the guy stimulates encourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that	The father that the kid avoids understands the friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
objrel_that	The father that the kid confuses engages the singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
objrel_that	The father that the kid inspires observes the uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel_that	The father that the lawyer encourages stimulates the teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the lawyer engages stimulates the mothers	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the lawyer knows discourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the man criticizes encourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
objrel_that	The father that the man engages discourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the mother criticizes approves the friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel_that	The father that the mother engages stimulates the women	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the mother greets criticizes the kids	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
objrel_that	The father that the mother knows greets the friends	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
objrel_that	The father that the mother stimulates engages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that	The father that the poet stimulates observes the guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
objrel_that	The father that the singer approves greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
objrel_that	The father that the teacher avoids inspires the girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the teacher avoids observes the women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
objrel_that	The father that the teacher encourages understands the men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
objrel_that	The father that the teacher knows admires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel_that	The father that the uncle criticizes approves the poets	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel_that	The father that the uncle criticizes inspires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the uncle observes remembers the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel_that	The father that the victim encourages admires the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel_that	The father that the victim greets stimulates the women	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the victim inspires knows the doctors	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
objrel_that	The father that the victim inspires understands the doctors	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_that	The father that the victim stimulates remembers the athletes	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
objrel_that	The father that the woman admires discourages the men	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the woman approves stimulates the athletes	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the woman encourages confuses the aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the woman knows criticizes the girls	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
objrel_that	The father that the woman understands observes the kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
objrel_that	The friend that the athlete confuses criticizes the poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the athlete inspires stimulates the kids	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
objrel_that	The friend that the athlete remembers understands the men	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel_that	The friend that the athlete understands admires the women	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
objrel_that	The friend that the aunt avoids admires the guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel_that	The friend that the aunt confuses admires the men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_that	The friend that the aunt confuses engages the guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
objrel_that	The friend that the aunt inspires engages the women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel_that	The friend that the boy remembers stimulates the aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
objrel_that	The friend that the boy stimulates avoids the victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that	The friend that the carpenter knows inspires the poets	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the doctor confuses understands the girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel_that	The friend that the doctor criticizes admires the boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel_that	The friend that the farmer confuses greets the teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the farmer confuses stimulates the women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that	The friend that the farmer inspires approves the victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
objrel_that	The friend that the farmer knows engages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel_that	The friend that the father confuses stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that	The friend that the guy confuses inspires the singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the kid approves knows the men	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel_that	The friend that the kid inspires criticizes the women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the kid understands inspires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the lawyer admires approves the athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
objrel_that	The friend that the man encourages observes the guys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
objrel_that	The friend that the man inspires discourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
objrel_that	The friend that the man understands observes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
objrel_that	The friend that the mother knows criticizes the doctors	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the poet approves confuses the boys	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
objrel_that	The friend that the poet stimulates admires the guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
objrel_that	The friend that the poet understands criticizes the guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the singer understands avoids the kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
objrel_that	The friend that the teacher approves encourages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the teacher avoids inspires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the teacher confuses engages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
objrel_that	The friend that the teacher greets inspires the guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the teacher knows stimulates the men	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
objrel_that	The friend that the teacher remembers engages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
objrel_that	The friend that the teacher stimulates greets the boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the uncle admires understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	admire	understand
objrel_that	The friend that the uncle avoids observes the guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
objrel_that	The friend that the uncle engages approves the farmers	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
objrel_that	The friend that the uncle observes inspires the boys	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the uncle stimulates approves the mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel_that	The friend that the victim approves criticizes the poets	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the victim inspires remembers the aunts	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel_that	The friend that the victim remembers knows the fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
objrel_that	The friend that the woman admires stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the athlete approves understands the women	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel_that	The girl that the athlete confuses admires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_that	The girl that the athlete discourages confuses the uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
objrel_that	The girl that the athlete encourages engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
objrel_that	The girl that the athlete encourages knows the aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel_that	The girl that the athlete encourages observes the men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
objrel_that	The girl that the aunt approves criticizes the uncles	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
objrel_that	The girl that the aunt knows engages the singers	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel_that	The girl that the boy admires greets the men	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
objrel_that	The girl that the boy engages understands the guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
objrel_that	The girl that the boy remembers inspires the women	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the carpenter approves confuses the kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
objrel_that	The girl that the carpenter criticizes understands the boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
objrel_that	The girl that the carpenter discourages confuses the victims	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
objrel_that	The girl that the carpenter knows encourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
objrel_that	The girl that the doctor criticizes confuses the friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
objrel_that	The girl that the doctor inspires approves the friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
objrel_that	The girl that the doctor observes avoids the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
objrel_that	The girl that the doctor stimulates inspires the guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the farmer discourages criticizes the singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticize
objrel_that	The girl that the farmer inspires avoids the athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
objrel_that	The girl that the farmer remembers understands the friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel_that	The girl that the friend admires observes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
objrel_that	The girl that the friend approves knows the farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel_that	The girl that the friend avoids admires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel_that	The girl that the friend understands observes the boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
objrel_that	The girl that the guy criticizes admires the kids	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel_that	The girl that the guy discourages criticizes the kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticize
objrel_that	The girl that the guy inspires stimulates the athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the guy remembers inspires the victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the kid confuses stimulates the farmers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the kid remembers admires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
objrel_that	The girl that the kid understands criticizes the boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel_that	The girl that the lawyer remembers understands the victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel_that	The girl that the man encourages observes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
objrel_that	The girl that the man engages observes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
objrel_that	The girl that the mother admires stimulates the doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the mother inspires greets the uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
objrel_that	The girl that the poet approves inspires the mothers	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the poet criticizes inspires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the poet encourages remembers the farmers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
objrel_that	The girl that the poet engages criticizes the women	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
objrel_that	The girl that the poet greets engages the guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
objrel_that	The girl that the singer avoids discourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_that	The girl that the teacher inspires avoids the mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
objrel_that	The girl that the teacher understands greets the poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
objrel_that	The girl that the teacher understands knows the fathers	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
objrel_that	The girl that the uncle confuses greets the fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel_that	The girl that the uncle encourages discourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel_that	The girl that the uncle engages discourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
objrel_that	The girl that the uncle inspires approves the kids	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
objrel_that	The girl that the uncle knows stimulates the friends	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the uncle observes approves the guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
objrel_that	The girl that the victim admires avoids the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
objrel_that	The girl that the woman approves admires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel_that	The girl that the woman approves remembers the poets	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
objrel_that	The guy that the aunt admires remembers the athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
objrel_that	The guy that the aunt engages criticizes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
objrel_that	The guy that the aunt remembers approves the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
objrel_that	The guy that the aunt remembers approves the victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
objrel_that	The guy that the aunt stimulates avoids the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that	The guy that the aunt stimulates greets the poets	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel_that	The guy that the aunt stimulates knows the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel_that	The guy that the boy confuses remembers the girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
objrel_that	The guy that the boy encourages criticizes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
objrel_that	The guy that the boy remembers understands the athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel_that	The guy that the carpenter avoids remembers the doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
objrel_that	The guy that the carpenter confuses understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel_that	The guy that the carpenter criticizes encourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the carpenter engages encourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the carpenter understands admires the kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
objrel_that	The guy that the doctor engages avoids the kids	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
objrel_that	The guy that the doctor observes knows the athletes	singular	singular	plural	observe	know
objrel_that	The guy that the farmer approves understands the poets	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel_that	The guy that the farmer confuses admires the poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_that	The guy that the farmer knows remembers the girls	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
objrel_that	The guy that the farmer understands criticizes the boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel_that	The guy that the father engages encourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the father remembers engages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
objrel_that	The guy that the friend inspires engages the men	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel_that	The guy that the girl discourages knows the poets	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel_that	The guy that the girl greets remembers the kids	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel_that	The guy that the girl knows understands the fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
objrel_that	The guy that the girl remembers avoids the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
objrel_that	The guy that the girl remembers encourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the kid stimulates engages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that	The guy that the lawyer observes discourages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
objrel_that	The guy that the lawyer stimulates confuses the men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that	The guy that the lawyer understands confuses the aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
objrel_that	The guy that the man criticizes admires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel_that	The guy that the man stimulates understands the doctors	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
objrel_that	The guy that the mother admires greets the poets	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
objrel_that	The guy that the mother avoids remembers the friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
objrel_that	The guy that the mother criticizes avoids the athletes	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
objrel_that	The guy that the poet criticizes discourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
objrel_that	The guy that the poet inspires encourages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the poet remembers criticizes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
objrel_that	The guy that the singer criticizes discourages the women	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
objrel_that	The guy that the singer encourages understands the boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
objrel_that	The guy that the singer engages criticizes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
objrel_that	The guy that the teacher approves inspires the victims	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
objrel_that	The guy that the teacher confuses criticizes the boys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
objrel_that	The guy that the uncle criticizes avoids the doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
objrel_that	The guy that the uncle discourages greets the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
objrel_that	The guy that the victim encourages discourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel_that	The guy that the victim inspires avoids the aunts	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
objrel_that	The guy that the woman avoids admires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel_that	The guy that the woman inspires observes the uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel_that	The guy that the woman stimulates greets the friends	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel_that	The kid that the athlete admires stimulates the boys	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel_that	The kid that the athlete discourages stimulates the men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that	The kid that the athlete greets confuses the boys	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
objrel_that	The kid that the athlete stimulates avoids the uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that	The kid that the aunt observes confuses the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
objrel_that	The kid that the boy admires confuses the poets	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
objrel_that	The kid that the boy confuses understands the fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel_that	The kid that the boy observes discourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
objrel_that	The kid that the boy observes remembers the women	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel_that	The kid that the carpenter admires inspires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
objrel_that	The kid that the carpenter approves avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
objrel_that	The kid that the carpenter confuses stimulates the aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that	The kid that the doctor observes criticizes the friends	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticize
objrel_that	The kid that the doctor remembers encourages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel_that	The kid that the farmer understands encourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel_that	The kid that the father criticizes greets the girls	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
objrel_that	The kid that the friend admires observes the women	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
objrel_that	The kid that the friend avoids criticizes the singers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
objrel_that	The kid that the friend inspires remembers the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel_that	The kid that the friend knows stimulates the boys	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
objrel_that	The kid that the girl engages understands the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
objrel_that	The kid that the guy confuses stimulates the victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that	The kid that the guy inspires encourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
objrel_that	The kid that the guy remembers avoids the girls	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
objrel_that	The kid that the lawyer discourages encourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourage
objrel_that	The kid that the man confuses inspires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
objrel_that	The kid that the man discourages avoids the fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
objrel_that	The kid that the mother confuses avoids the men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel_that	The kid that the mother engages approves the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
objrel_that	The kid that the poet admires observes the singers	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
objrel_that	The kid that the singer criticizes stimulates the girls	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
objrel_that	The kid that the teacher engages criticizes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
objrel_that	The kid that the teacher observes inspires the men	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel_that	The kid that the teacher understands remembers the friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
objrel_that	The kid that the uncle greets inspires the singers	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel_that	The kid that the victim encourages confuses the women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
objrel_that	The kid that the victim greets observes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel_that	The kid that the woman encourages understands the teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the aunt confuses admires the friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the aunt discourages knows the athletes	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the aunt understands engages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the boy admires confuses the aunts	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
objrel_that	The lawyer that the boy knows stimulates the poets	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
objrel_that	The lawyer that the carpenter approves knows the poets	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the carpenter remembers encourages the poets	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the doctor approves understands the fathers	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the doctor avoids greets the athletes	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
objrel_that	The lawyer that the farmer engages avoids the poets	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
objrel_that	The lawyer that the farmer knows discourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the father approves avoids the aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
objrel_that	The lawyer that the father confuses knows the women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the father criticizes knows the athletes	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the father engages greets the mothers	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
objrel_that	The lawyer that the father remembers engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the friend engages inspires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the friend observes inspires the boys	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the girl admires knows the men	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the girl inspires discourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the guy encourages criticizes the uncles	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
objrel_that	The lawyer that the guy encourages engages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the guy understands remembers the women	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
objrel_that	The lawyer that the kid admires discourages the women	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the kid approves engages the boys	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the kid approves stimulates the boys	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel_that	The lawyer that the kid encourages knows the women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the kid remembers stimulates the fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
objrel_that	The lawyer that the man inspires understands the women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the man knows remembers the aunts	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
objrel_that	The lawyer that the man observes inspires the women	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the man stimulates understands the doctors	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the mother admires discourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the mother engages encourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the poet avoids approves the teachers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
objrel_that	The lawyer that the singer avoids criticizes the men	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
objrel_that	The lawyer that the teacher discourages knows the farmers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the teacher remembers criticizes the friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
objrel_that	The lawyer that the uncle criticizes knows the boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the uncle encourages knows the teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the uncle engages knows the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the uncle greets encourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the victim inspires understands the farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the victim understands inspires the singers	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the woman greets understands the kids	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
objrel_that	The man that the athlete encourages confuses the girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
objrel_that	The man that the athlete inspires encourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
objrel_that	The man that the aunt confuses approves the fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel_that	The man that the aunt remembers greets the mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
objrel_that	The man that the carpenter discourages engages the women	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
objrel_that	The man that the doctor engages greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
objrel_that	The man that the farmer avoids stimulates the mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
objrel_that	The man that the farmer knows approves the poets	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel_that	The man that the farmer knows observes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel_that	The man that the father discourages knows the mothers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel_that	The man that the father inspires discourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the friend avoids approves the victims	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
objrel_that	The man that the friend confuses knows the poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel_that	The man that the girl discourages understands the teachers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
objrel_that	The man that the girl engages confuses the guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
objrel_that	The man that the kid confuses criticizes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
objrel_that	The man that the kid stimulates understands the fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
objrel_that	The man that the kid stimulates understands the mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
objrel_that	The man that the kid understands discourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the lawyer avoids encourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel_that	The man that the lawyer confuses admires the poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_that	The man that the lawyer encourages discourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the lawyer observes discourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the lawyer stimulates greets the poets	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel_that	The man that the mother avoids remembers the poets	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
objrel_that	The man that the poet avoids confuses the mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
objrel_that	The man that the poet engages encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
objrel_that	The man that the singer approves discourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the singer confuses knows the athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel_that	The man that the singer discourages knows the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel_that	The man that the singer remembers observes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
objrel_that	The man that the teacher approves observes the friends	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
objrel_that	The man that the teacher confuses admires the poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_that	The man that the teacher criticizes inspires the friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
objrel_that	The man that the teacher stimulates understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
objrel_that	The man that the uncle encourages greets the victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
objrel_that	The man that the uncle greets encourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel_that	The man that the victim greets confuses the farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
objrel_that	The man that the woman encourages discourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel_that	The mother that the athlete understands engages the girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the aunt admires criticizes the singers	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
objrel_that	The mother that the aunt engages approves the athletes	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
objrel_that	The mother that the aunt observes criticizes the women	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticize
objrel_that	The mother that the boy discourages inspires the friends	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
objrel_that	The mother that the boy discourages understands the poets	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
objrel_that	The mother that the boy encourages knows the doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel_that	The mother that the boy remembers knows the kids	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
objrel_that	The mother that the carpenter admires remembers the doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
objrel_that	The mother that the carpenter avoids inspires the girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The mother that the carpenter greets engages the singers	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the carpenter observes criticizes the friends	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticize
objrel_that	The mother that the doctor discourages engages the boys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the farmer confuses avoids the doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel_that	The mother that the farmer engages approves the women	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
objrel_that	The mother that the farmer engages criticizes the uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
objrel_that	The mother that the farmer engages remembers the poets	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel_that	The mother that the farmer greets discourages the poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
objrel_that	The mother that the farmer knows observes the uncles	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel_that	The mother that the farmer observes inspires the guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel_that	The mother that the farmer remembers greets the men	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
objrel_that	The mother that the farmer stimulates encourages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that	The mother that the father greets inspires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel_that	The mother that the father understands engages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the friend discourages knows the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel_that	The mother that the friend encourages understands the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
objrel_that	The mother that the friend remembers greets the men	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
objrel_that	The mother that the friend understands avoids the farmers	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
objrel_that	The mother that the girl confuses discourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
objrel_that	The mother that the girl inspires admires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
objrel_that	The mother that the guy understands engages the kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the kid greets inspires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel_that	The mother that the kid greets understands the fathers	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
objrel_that	The mother that the lawyer encourages understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
objrel_that	The mother that the man engages avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
objrel_that	The mother that the man inspires discourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
objrel_that	The mother that the man observes discourages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
objrel_that	The mother that the poet avoids encourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel_that	The mother that the poet greets stimulates the kids	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
objrel_that	The mother that the poet understands approves the aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
objrel_that	The mother that the singer observes engages the kids	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the teacher admires inspires the poets	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
objrel_that	The mother that the teacher confuses avoids the fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel_that	The mother that the teacher knows engages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the teacher remembers engages the men	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the uncle confuses stimulates the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that	The mother that the uncle knows stimulates the guys	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
objrel_that	The mother that the victim observes confuses the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
objrel_that	The mother that the victim understands engages the women	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the woman knows discourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
objrel_that	The mother that the woman stimulates inspires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
objrel_that	The poet that the athlete engages criticizes the doctors	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
objrel_that	The poet that the athlete engages knows the doctors	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
objrel_that	The poet that the athlete knows admires the women	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel_that	The poet that the athlete observes encourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the athlete stimulates greets the boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel_that	The poet that the aunt confuses criticizes the singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
objrel_that	The poet that the aunt understands remembers the boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
objrel_that	The poet that the boy approves avoids the kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
objrel_that	The poet that the boy greets approves the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
objrel_that	The poet that the boy remembers discourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
objrel_that	The poet that the carpenter understands admires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
objrel_that	The poet that the doctor remembers confuses the singers	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the farmer avoids observes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
objrel_that	The poet that the farmer criticizes avoids the fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
objrel_that	The poet that the farmer criticizes avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
objrel_that	The poet that the farmer greets criticizes the boys	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
objrel_that	The poet that the farmer stimulates knows the doctors	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel_that	The poet that the father discourages approves the boys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
objrel_that	The poet that the father inspires remembers the singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel_that	The poet that the father knows discourages the women	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
objrel_that	The poet that the friend avoids discourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_that	The poet that the friend observes knows the singers	singular	singular	plural	observe	know
objrel_that	The poet that the friend remembers confuses the doctors	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the girl confuses admires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_that	The poet that the girl discourages encourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the girl encourages engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
objrel_that	The poet that the guy engages admires the kids	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
objrel_that	The poet that the kid admires discourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel_that	The poet that the kid discourages knows the uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel_that	The poet that the lawyer approves inspires the mothers	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
objrel_that	The poet that the lawyer greets observes the girls	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel_that	The poet that the lawyer remembers understands the guys	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel_that	The poet that the mother avoids admires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel_that	The poet that the mother confuses observes the boys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
objrel_that	The poet that the mother knows admires the women	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel_that	The poet that the singer avoids approves the uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
objrel_that	The poet that the singer criticizes remembers the doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
objrel_that	The poet that the singer engages avoids the farmers	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
objrel_that	The poet that the teacher engages observes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
objrel_that	The poet that the teacher knows encourages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the uncle stimulates engages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that	The poet that the victim admires inspires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
objrel_that	The poet that the victim approves encourages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the victim avoids discourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_that	The poet that the victim encourages confuses the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the victim remembers avoids the doctors	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
objrel_that	The poet that the woman encourages admires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the athlete avoids confuses the kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
objrel_that	The singer that the athlete criticizes discourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
objrel_that	The singer that the aunt greets approves the women	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
objrel_that	The singer that the aunt observes understands the kids	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the boy criticizes engages the friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
objrel_that	The singer that the boy discourages encourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourage
objrel_that	The singer that the boy engages knows the aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
objrel_that	The singer that the boy knows admires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the boy knows admires the kids	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the boy stimulates approves the poets	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel_that	The singer that the carpenter approves remembers the women	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
objrel_that	The singer that the carpenter greets stimulates the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
objrel_that	The singer that the doctor engages stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
objrel_that	The singer that the doctor knows observes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel_that	The singer that the doctor understands remembers the women	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
objrel_that	The singer that the farmer approves stimulates the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel_that	The singer that the father engages approves the poets	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
objrel_that	The singer that the father knows remembers the teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
objrel_that	The singer that the father stimulates approves the victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel_that	The singer that the friend confuses encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel_that	The singer that the friend inspires engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel_that	The singer that the girl approves remembers the friends	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
objrel_that	The singer that the girl avoids engages the friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
objrel_that	The singer that the girl remembers inspires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel_that	The singer that the guy encourages admires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the guy inspires encourages the women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
objrel_that	The singer that the guy observes confuses the aunts	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
objrel_that	The singer that the kid criticizes avoids the girls	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
objrel_that	The singer that the kid greets discourages the men	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
objrel_that	The singer that the lawyer approves remembers the boys	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
objrel_that	The singer that the lawyer greets inspires the boys	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel_that	The singer that the lawyer knows greets the kids	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
objrel_that	The singer that the man approves avoids the mothers	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
objrel_that	The singer that the man knows avoids the aunts	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
objrel_that	The singer that the mother engages observes the victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
objrel_that	The singer that the mother knows greets the farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
objrel_that	The singer that the mother understands admires the men	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the poet knows observes the boys	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel_that	The singer that the teacher confuses understands the athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the teacher remembers observes the uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
objrel_that	The singer that the uncle approves knows the fathers	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel_that	The singer that the victim approves avoids the friends	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
objrel_that	The singer that the victim remembers greets the boys	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
objrel_that	The singer that the woman discourages admires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the woman encourages discourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the athlete avoids confuses the guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
objrel_that	The teacher that the athlete avoids remembers the boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the athlete confuses engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the athlete inspires avoids the mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
objrel_that	The teacher that the athlete stimulates approves the boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel_that	The teacher that the aunt approves stimulates the kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel_that	The teacher that the boy criticizes confuses the victims	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
objrel_that	The teacher that the boy criticizes knows the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel_that	The teacher that the boy discourages stimulates the mothers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that	The teacher that the boy encourages inspires the fathers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
objrel_that	The teacher that the carpenter knows avoids the fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctor admires observes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctor avoids engages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctor discourages avoids the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctor encourages knows the friends	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctor knows criticizes the boys	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctor understands stimulates the victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel_that	The teacher that the farmer avoids knows the athletes	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
objrel_that	The teacher that the father criticizes confuses the doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
objrel_that	The teacher that the father discourages remembers the men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the father remembers engages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the friend admires avoids the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
objrel_that	The teacher that the girl engages avoids the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
objrel_that	The teacher that the girl inspires understands the uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_that	The teacher that the girl stimulates remembers the victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the girl understands observes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
objrel_that	The teacher that the guy inspires approves the singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
objrel_that	The teacher that the kid criticizes knows the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel_that	The teacher that the kid stimulates remembers the boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the lawyer inspires remembers the farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the man remembers understands the farmers	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel_that	The teacher that the mother approves confuses the women	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
objrel_that	The teacher that the mother approves discourages the women	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the poet avoids confuses the farmers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
objrel_that	The teacher that the poet greets discourages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the poet understands avoids the fathers	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
objrel_that	The teacher that the singer criticizes greets the aunts	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
objrel_that	The teacher that the singer discourages approves the doctors	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
objrel_that	The teacher that the singer encourages engages the guys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the singer engages discourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the singer inspires understands the victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_that	The teacher that the uncle approves engages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the uncle greets avoids the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
objrel_that	The teacher that the uncle knows confuses the women	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
objrel_that	The teacher that the victim admires understands the women	singular	singular	plural	admire	understand
objrel_that	The teacher that the victim avoids criticizes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
objrel_that	The teacher that the victim encourages engages the men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the victim encourages greets the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
objrel_that	The teacher that the victim observes inspires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel_that	The uncle that the athlete encourages admires the boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel_that	The uncle that the athlete engages observes the guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
objrel_that	The uncle that the athlete remembers understands the fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel_that	The uncle that the athlete understands knows the mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunt avoids discourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunt avoids engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunt criticizes greets the men	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunt criticizes understands the boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunt encourages knows the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunt encourages stimulates the mothers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunt remembers avoids the women	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
objrel_that	The uncle that the boy admires encourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the carpenter inspires confuses the athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
objrel_that	The uncle that the carpenter remembers understands the girls	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel_that	The uncle that the doctor approves stimulates the farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the doctor inspires engages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel_that	The uncle that the doctor knows encourages the men	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the farmer approves engages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
objrel_that	The uncle that the farmer confuses knows the friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the farmer greets understands the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
objrel_that	The uncle that the farmer observes engages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
objrel_that	The uncle that the friend avoids stimulates the boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the friend encourages admires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel_that	The uncle that the friend observes avoids the girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
objrel_that	The uncle that the girl criticizes knows the farmers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the girl understands avoids the doctors	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
objrel_that	The uncle that the guy avoids approves the singers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
objrel_that	The uncle that the guy inspires criticizes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
objrel_that	The uncle that the guy inspires engages the girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel_that	The uncle that the guy knows engages the boys	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel_that	The uncle that the guy understands criticizes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel_that	The uncle that the kid approves engages the men	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
objrel_that	The uncle that the kid encourages discourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the kid engages inspires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel_that	The uncle that the kid inspires engages the poets	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel_that	The uncle that the kid observes stimulates the guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the kid stimulates inspires the poets	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
objrel_that	The uncle that the lawyer inspires encourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the man greets encourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the man stimulates criticizes the guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
objrel_that	The uncle that the man stimulates observes the boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
objrel_that	The uncle that the mother avoids admires the poets	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel_that	The uncle that the mother criticizes confuses the women	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
objrel_that	The uncle that the mother greets confuses the farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
objrel_that	The uncle that the poet approves understands the doctors	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel_that	The uncle that the poet discourages knows the teachers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the poet knows discourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the poet stimulates approves the boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel_that	The uncle that the singer inspires remembers the guys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel_that	The uncle that the singer observes discourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the teacher admires avoids the boys	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
objrel_that	The uncle that the teacher greets observes the guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel_that	The uncle that the teacher knows engages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel_that	The uncle that the teacher stimulates observes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
objrel_that	The uncle that the victim admires stimulates the women	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the victim inspires criticizes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
objrel_that	The victim that the athlete approves inspires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
objrel_that	The victim that the athlete engages encourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
objrel_that	The victim that the athlete engages understands the women	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
objrel_that	The victim that the athlete inspires knows the mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
objrel_that	The victim that the aunt admires avoids the friends	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
objrel_that	The victim that the aunt engages confuses the fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
objrel_that	The victim that the aunt understands stimulates the guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the boy knows engages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel_that	The victim that the carpenter admires approves the fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
objrel_that	The victim that the carpenter avoids inspires the guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The victim that the carpenter avoids understands the mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
objrel_that	The victim that the carpenter greets stimulates the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the carpenter knows avoids the kids	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
objrel_that	The victim that the doctor approves inspires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
objrel_that	The victim that the doctor knows admires the mothers	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel_that	The victim that the farmer knows admires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel_that	The victim that the father approves stimulates the athletes	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the father avoids inspires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The victim that the father criticizes confuses the farmers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
objrel_that	The victim that the father inspires approves the girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
objrel_that	The victim that the friend stimulates inspires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
objrel_that	The victim that the guy avoids criticizes the boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
objrel_that	The victim that the guy knows observes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel_that	The victim that the guy understands discourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the kid admires encourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
objrel_that	The victim that the kid encourages remembers the aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
objrel_that	The victim that the kid greets confuses the mothers	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
objrel_that	The victim that the kid understands remembers the friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
objrel_that	The victim that the lawyer avoids criticizes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
objrel_that	The victim that the lawyer stimulates discourages the men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the man approves greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
objrel_that	The victim that the man approves knows the singers	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel_that	The victim that the man confuses approves the singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel_that	The victim that the man criticizes admires the girls	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel_that	The victim that the mother criticizes remembers the boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
objrel_that	The victim that the mother stimulates inspires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
objrel_that	The victim that the mother understands confuses the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
objrel_that	The victim that the poet confuses encourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel_that	The victim that the poet criticizes remembers the fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
objrel_that	The victim that the singer admires approves the kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
objrel_that	The victim that the singer approves confuses the farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
objrel_that	The victim that the singer understands stimulates the kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the teacher discourages stimulates the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the teacher encourages confuses the uncles	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
objrel_that	The victim that the teacher engages knows the women	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
objrel_that	The victim that the teacher knows observes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel_that	The victim that the teacher stimulates discourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the teacher understands stimulates the aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the uncle engages discourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the uncle engages remembers the women	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel_that	The victim that the uncle observes understands the kids	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
objrel_that	The victim that the woman inspires knows the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
objrel_that	The victim that the woman knows discourages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the woman observes engages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
objrel_that	The woman that the athlete greets observes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel_that	The woman that the athlete inspires observes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel_that	The woman that the aunt understands knows the victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
objrel_that	The woman that the boy discourages approves the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the carpenter confuses admires the girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_that	The woman that the carpenter discourages remembers the doctors	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
objrel_that	The woman that the carpenter observes inspires the boys	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel_that	The woman that the doctor admires approves the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the doctor avoids remembers the mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
objrel_that	The woman that the doctor stimulates encourages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that	The woman that the farmer engages confuses the uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
objrel_that	The woman that the father avoids observes the doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
objrel_that	The woman that the father criticizes confuses the victims	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
objrel_that	The woman that the father discourages remembers the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
objrel_that	The woman that the father stimulates greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel_that	The woman that the friend encourages criticizes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the friend understands engages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel_that	The woman that the girl avoids admires the poets	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel_that	The woman that the girl remembers understands the fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel_that	The woman that the girl understands greets the mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
objrel_that	The woman that the guy approves understands the friends	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel_that	The woman that the guy confuses inspires the friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
objrel_that	The woman that the guy discourages stimulates the farmers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that	The woman that the guy understands knows the uncles	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
objrel_that	The woman that the kid admires criticizes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the kid discourages criticizes the doctors	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the kid discourages encourages the poets	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourage
objrel_that	The woman that the kid greets stimulates the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
objrel_that	The woman that the lawyer admires inspires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
objrel_that	The woman that the lawyer discourages greets the doctors	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
objrel_that	The woman that the lawyer discourages knows the athletes	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel_that	The woman that the man confuses encourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel_that	The woman that the man discourages criticizes the kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the mother approves greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
objrel_that	The woman that the mother understands observes the poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
objrel_that	The woman that the poet observes criticizes the friends	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the poet understands discourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
objrel_that	The woman that the singer encourages observes the boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
objrel_that	The woman that the singer engages criticizes the doctors	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the singer knows discourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
objrel_that	The woman that the singer understands confuses the aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
objrel_that	The woman that the teacher confuses remembers the uncles	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
objrel_that	The woman that the teacher greets criticizes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the teacher inspires understands the kids	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_that	The woman that the teacher observes discourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
objrel_that	The woman that the teacher remembers stimulates the aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
objrel_that	The woman that the teacher understands observes the boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
objrel_that	The woman that the uncle avoids admires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel_that	The woman that the uncle avoids approves the mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the uncle avoids stimulates the girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
objrel_that	The woman that the uncle confuses observes the men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
objrel_that	The woman that the uncle greets criticizes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the victim remembers knows the uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the boys admire confuses the guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objrel_that	The athlete that the boys avoid approves the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objrel_that	The athlete that the boys discourage confuses the poet	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel_that	The athlete that the boys engage understands the victim	singular	plural	singular	engages	understand
objrel_that	The athlete that the carpenters criticize avoids the father	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that	The athlete that the carpenters encourage avoids the boy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objrel_that	The athlete that the doctors approve knows the victim	singular	plural	singular	approves	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the doctors confuse approves the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objrel_that	The athlete that the doctors discourage approves the farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objrel_that	The athlete that the doctors know remembers the uncle	singular	plural	singular	knows	remember
objrel_that	The athlete that the farmers encourage approves the guy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel_that	The athlete that the farmers encourage knows the girl	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the fathers stimulate admires the poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objrel_that	The athlete that the guys approve criticizes the man	singular	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objrel_that	The athlete that the kids criticize understands the doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objrel_that	The athlete that the kids know remembers the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	knows	remember
objrel_that	The athlete that the kids observe criticizes the man	singular	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objrel_that	The athlete that the kids remember understands the victim	singular	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objrel_that	The athlete that the kids understand knows the man	singular	plural	singular	understands	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the lawyers approve confuses the doctor	singular	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objrel_that	The athlete that the lawyers encourage understands the aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objrel_that	The athlete that the lawyers remember observes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objrel_that	The athlete that the men approve observes the boy	singular	plural	singular	approves	observe
objrel_that	The athlete that the poets approve criticizes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objrel_that	The athlete that the poets confuse inspires the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel_that	The athlete that the poets criticize observes the kid	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel_that	The athlete that the poets engage approves the doctor	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel_that	The athlete that the poets know admires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	knows	admire
objrel_that	The athlete that the singers admire observes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	admires	observe
objrel_that	The athlete that the singers encourage inspires the poet	singular	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objrel_that	The athlete that the singers inspire engages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objrel_that	The athlete that the singers know encourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the teachers engage encourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the teachers greet discourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the teachers greet encourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the teachers know engages the boy	singular	plural	singular	knows	engage
objrel_that	The athlete that the uncles avoid remembers the farmer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel_that	The athlete that the uncles engage remembers the woman	singular	plural	singular	engages	remember
objrel_that	The athlete that the victims engage knows the mother	singular	plural	singular	engages	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the victims remember greets the aunt	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel_that	The athlete that the women engage criticizes the singer	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel_that	The aunt that the athletes stimulate confuses the teacher	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that	The aunt that the boys encourage confuses the farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objrel_that	The aunt that the boys stimulate inspires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that	The aunt that the carpenters approve remembers the doctor	singular	plural	singular	approves	remember
objrel_that	The aunt that the carpenters remember discourages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the carpenters stimulate understands the kid	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objrel_that	The aunt that the doctors confuse remembers the girl	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel_that	The aunt that the doctors discourage criticizes the mother	singular	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objrel_that	The aunt that the doctors encourage knows the poet	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel_that	The aunt that the farmers admire criticizes the guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objrel_that	The aunt that the farmers avoid confuses the woman	singular	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objrel_that	The aunt that the farmers criticize discourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the farmers greet criticizes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objrel_that	The aunt that the farmers greet encourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the farmers know inspires the kid	singular	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objrel_that	The aunt that the farmers observe engages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	observes	engage
objrel_that	The aunt that the fathers criticize engages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel_that	The aunt that the fathers discourage knows the singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel_that	The aunt that the fathers encourage engages the singer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel_that	The aunt that the fathers understand observes the man	singular	plural	singular	understands	observe
objrel_that	The aunt that the friends admire avoids the guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the friends observe remembers the kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel_that	The aunt that the girls engage avoids the man	singular	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the girls engage greets the uncle	singular	plural	singular	engages	greet
objrel_that	The aunt that the girls know confuses the man	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel_that	The aunt that the girls know confuses the woman	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel_that	The aunt that the girls understand stimulates the uncle	singular	plural	singular	understands	stimulate
objrel_that	The aunt that the guys approve engages the friend	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel_that	The aunt that the guys confuse greets the kid	singular	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objrel_that	The aunt that the guys greet observes the friend	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel_that	The aunt that the guys inspire criticizes the athlete	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel_that	The aunt that the guys remember criticizes the singer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objrel_that	The aunt that the kids inspire criticizes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel_that	The aunt that the kids know approves the victim	singular	plural	singular	knows	approve
objrel_that	The aunt that the lawyers encourage criticizes the singer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel_that	The aunt that the men criticize confuses the boy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objrel_that	The aunt that the men inspire understands the victim	singular	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objrel_that	The aunt that the mothers admire encourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the mothers confuse stimulates the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that	The aunt that the poets engage approves the mother	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel_that	The aunt that the poets inspire admires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objrel_that	The aunt that the poets inspire remembers the woman	singular	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objrel_that	The aunt that the poets know stimulates the woman	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel_that	The aunt that the singers confuse encourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the singers inspire engages the girl	singular	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objrel_that	The aunt that the singers know encourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the singers understand greets the guy	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel_that	The aunt that the teachers approve understands the victim	singular	plural	singular	approves	understand
objrel_that	The aunt that the teachers encourage approves the man	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel_that	The aunt that the teachers encourage engages the guy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel_that	The aunt that the uncles encourage approves the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel_that	The aunt that the victims admire criticizes the friend	singular	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objrel_that	The aunt that the victims approve remembers the boy	singular	plural	singular	approves	remember
objrel_that	The aunt that the victims greet inspires the boy	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel_that	The aunt that the victims observe avoids the farmer	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the women remember confuses the doctor	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel_that	The aunt that the women stimulate encourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that	The boy that the athletes engage knows the singer	singular	plural	singular	engages	know
objrel_that	The boy that the aunts approve encourages the man	singular	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objrel_that	The boy that the aunts criticize engages the mother	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the aunts greet discourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objrel_that	The boy that the aunts greet understands the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greets	understand
objrel_that	The boy that the aunts know encourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objrel_that	The boy that the aunts observe approves the farmer	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel_that	The boy that the aunts stimulate encourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that	The boy that the carpenters confuse greets the victim	singular	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objrel_that	The boy that the carpenters criticize knows the victim	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objrel_that	The boy that the carpenters inspire avoids the uncle	singular	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objrel_that	The boy that the carpenters inspire confuses the father	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel_that	The boy that the doctors criticize knows the teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objrel_that	The boy that the doctors encourage understands the farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objrel_that	The boy that the doctors observe approves the girl	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel_that	The boy that the farmers admire engages the friend	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the farmers understand encourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objrel_that	The boy that the fathers avoid admires the mother	singular	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objrel_that	The boy that the fathers criticize discourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objrel_that	The boy that the fathers remember observes the poet	singular	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objrel_that	The boy that the friends admire stimulates the mother	singular	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objrel_that	The boy that the friends engage remembers the guy	singular	plural	singular	engages	remember
objrel_that	The boy that the friends inspire confuses the guy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel_that	The boy that the friends know observes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	knows	observe
objrel_that	The boy that the girls stimulate knows the man	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objrel_that	The boy that the guys confuse admires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objrel_that	The boy that the guys engage greets the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engages	greet
objrel_that	The boy that the guys stimulate criticizes the man	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objrel_that	The boy that the kids know criticizes the man	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel_that	The boy that the kids stimulate criticizes the singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objrel_that	The boy that the kids understand avoids the athlete	singular	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objrel_that	The boy that the lawyers avoid engages the mother	singular	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the lawyers know greets the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	knows	greet
objrel_that	The boy that the lawyers stimulate admires the mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objrel_that	The boy that the men admire knows the friend	singular	plural	singular	admires	know
objrel_that	The boy that the men know engages the friend	singular	plural	singular	knows	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the men remember discourages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objrel_that	The boy that the mothers approve discourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objrel_that	The boy that the mothers criticize approves the uncle	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel_that	The boy that the mothers criticize discourages the man	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objrel_that	The boy that the mothers engage encourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel_that	The boy that the poets admire discourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel_that	The boy that the singers avoid stimulates the girl	singular	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objrel_that	The boy that the singers understand observes the woman	singular	plural	singular	understands	observe
objrel_that	The boy that the teachers approve inspires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objrel_that	The boy that the teachers avoid approves the guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objrel_that	The boy that the teachers remember stimulates the victim	singular	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that	The boy that the uncles approve admires the mother	singular	plural	singular	approves	admire
objrel_that	The boy that the uncles know understands the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	knows	understand
objrel_that	The boy that the victims know discourages the girl	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel_that	The boy that the victims stimulate confuses the farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that	The boy that the victims understand admires the poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	admire
objrel_that	The boy that the women confuse remembers the mother	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel_that	The boy that the women confuse understands the poet	singular	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objrel_that	The boy that the women discourage engages the victim	singular	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the women discourage stimulates the guy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The boy that the women know admires the farmer	singular	plural	singular	knows	admire
objrel_that	The boy that the women know criticizes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel_that	The carpenter that the athletes approve discourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the athletes criticize approves the singer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel_that	The carpenter that the aunts stimulate discourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the boys engage remembers the friend	singular	plural	singular	engages	remember
objrel_that	The carpenter that the boys observe avoids the friend	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that	The carpenter that the doctors engage discourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the farmers discourage inspires the girl	singular	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the fathers engage avoids the farmer	singular	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objrel_that	The carpenter that the fathers remember knows the mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	know
objrel_that	The carpenter that the friends discourage greets the girl	singular	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objrel_that	The carpenter that the friends discourage greets the mother	singular	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objrel_that	The carpenter that the friends remember stimulates the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that	The carpenter that the friends understand engages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	understands	engage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the girls criticize engages the poet	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the guys inspire avoids the doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objrel_that	The carpenter that the kids approve discourages the man	singular	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the kids know remembers the father	singular	plural	singular	knows	remember
objrel_that	The carpenter that the men admire engages the victim	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the men engage encourages the poet	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the men inspire greets the father	singular	plural	singular	inspires	greet
objrel_that	The carpenter that the poets engage inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the poets observe encourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the singers discourage admires the man	singular	plural	singular	discourages	admire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the singers encourage stimulates the father	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The carpenter that the singers stimulate knows the girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objrel_that	The carpenter that the teachers encourage greets the uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objrel_that	The carpenter that the teachers know admires the boy	singular	plural	singular	knows	admire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the teachers know encourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the teachers know inspires the girl	singular	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the teachers observe inspires the mother	singular	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the uncles greet encourages the friend	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the victims admire discourages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the victims confuse knows the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel_that	The carpenter that the victims inspire avoids the friend	singular	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objrel_that	The carpenter that the women engage avoids the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objrel_that	The doctor that the athletes approve stimulates the man	singular	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objrel_that	The doctor that the athletes criticize approves the mother	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel_that	The doctor that the athletes criticize understands the woman	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objrel_that	The doctor that the athletes greet confuses the father	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel_that	The doctor that the athletes observe avoids the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that	The doctor that the aunts inspire understands the friend	singular	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objrel_that	The doctor that the aunts understand approves the mother	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel_that	The doctor that the aunts understand greets the victim	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel_that	The doctor that the boys engage inspires the guy	singular	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objrel_that	The doctor that the carpenters avoid knows the man	singular	plural	singular	avoids	know
objrel_that	The doctor that the carpenters inspire stimulates the kid	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that	The doctor that the carpenters observe admires the kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the farmers approve greets the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	approves	greet
objrel_that	The doctor that the fathers admire knows the man	singular	plural	singular	admires	know
objrel_that	The doctor that the fathers approve admires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the fathers remember criticizes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objrel_that	The doctor that the friends avoid discourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the friends criticize confuses the teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objrel_that	The doctor that the friends inspire observes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel_that	The doctor that the friends inspire stimulates the uncle	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that	The doctor that the guys engage understands the athlete	singular	plural	singular	engages	understand
objrel_that	The doctor that the kids greet stimulates the singer	singular	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objrel_that	The doctor that the lawyers observe avoids the mother	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that	The doctor that the men admire engages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel_that	The doctor that the men approve stimulates the mother	singular	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objrel_that	The doctor that the mothers inspire understands the singer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objrel_that	The doctor that the mothers remember admires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the mothers remember stimulates the woman	singular	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that	The doctor that the poets avoid observes the singer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objrel_that	The doctor that the singers confuse encourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the singers encourage remembers the man	singular	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objrel_that	The doctor that the singers know approves the boy	singular	plural	singular	knows	approve
objrel_that	The doctor that the singers observe criticizes the poet	singular	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objrel_that	The doctor that the teachers admire stimulates the guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objrel_that	The doctor that the teachers avoid greets the man	singular	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objrel_that	The doctor that the teachers understand engages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	understands	engage
objrel_that	The doctor that the uncles remember understands the mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objrel_that	The doctor that the uncles understand avoids the girl	singular	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objrel_that	The doctor that the victims admire inspires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_that	The doctor that the victims encourage knows the athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel_that	The doctor that the victims engage stimulates the athlete	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel_that	The doctor that the victims greet inspires the farmer	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel_that	The doctor that the women admire avoids the kid	singular	plural	singular	admires	avoid
objrel_that	The doctor that the women admire stimulates the teacher	singular	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objrel_that	The doctor that the women engage stimulates the uncle	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel_that	The doctor that the women know avoids the uncle	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel_that	The farmer that the athletes encourage observes the friend	singular	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objrel_that	The farmer that the aunts confuse knows the doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel_that	The farmer that the aunts criticize engages the man	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel_that	The farmer that the aunts stimulate remembers the victim	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the aunts understand engages the kid	singular	plural	singular	understands	engage
objrel_that	The farmer that the boys engage discourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the boys know observes the father	singular	plural	singular	knows	observe
objrel_that	The farmer that the boys understand greets the guy	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel_that	The farmer that the carpenters avoid remembers the aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the carpenters confuse encourages the poet	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the carpenters encourage criticizes the guy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel_that	The farmer that the carpenters encourage criticizes the woman	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel_that	The farmer that the carpenters know inspires the singer	singular	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objrel_that	The farmer that the carpenters observe engages the boy	singular	plural	singular	observes	engage
objrel_that	The farmer that the carpenters stimulate admires the mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objrel_that	The farmer that the doctors greet avoids the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objrel_that	The farmer that the fathers approve remembers the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	approves	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the fathers greet admires the girl	singular	plural	singular	greets	admire
objrel_that	The farmer that the fathers stimulate discourages the girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the friends confuse understands the teacher	singular	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objrel_that	The farmer that the girls admire discourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the girls confuse encourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the girls observe admires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	observes	admire
objrel_that	The farmer that the girls understand remembers the singer	singular	plural	singular	understands	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the guys engage observes the boy	singular	plural	singular	engages	observe
objrel_that	The farmer that the guys greet observes the friend	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel_that	The farmer that the guys greet understands the woman	singular	plural	singular	greets	understand
objrel_that	The farmer that the kids understand knows the poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	know
objrel_that	The farmer that the lawyers admire understands the guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	understand
objrel_that	The farmer that the lawyers avoid understands the aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel_that	The farmer that the lawyers encourage admires the singer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objrel_that	The farmer that the lawyers engage criticizes the mother	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel_that	The farmer that the lawyers greet approves the mother	singular	plural	singular	greets	approve
objrel_that	The farmer that the lawyers observe discourages the man	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the men inspire encourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the men observe remembers the friend	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the mothers admire understands the girl	singular	plural	singular	admires	understand
objrel_that	The farmer that the mothers avoid greets the guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objrel_that	The farmer that the mothers avoid inspires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objrel_that	The farmer that the poets understand discourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the poets understand greets the father	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel_that	The farmer that the singers admire approves the victim	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel_that	The farmer that the singers criticize inspires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that	The farmer that the singers engage remembers the mother	singular	plural	singular	engages	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the singers greet encourages the father	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the singers inspire greets the teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspires	greet
objrel_that	The farmer that the singers observe stimulates the uncle	singular	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objrel_that	The farmer that the teachers criticize remembers the athlete	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the teachers discourage confuses the kid	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel_that	The farmer that the teachers engage greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	engages	greet
objrel_that	The farmer that the teachers remember criticizes the man	singular	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objrel_that	The farmer that the uncles admire greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	admires	greet
objrel_that	The farmer that the uncles criticize engages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel_that	The farmer that the victims discourage stimulates the singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The farmer that the victims greet inspires the woman	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel_that	The farmer that the victims remember stimulates the teacher	singular	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that	The farmer that the women know stimulates the friend	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the athletes greet encourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel_that	The father that the aunts avoid admires the guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objrel_that	The father that the aunts avoid inspires the poet	singular	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the aunts criticize engages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel_that	The father that the aunts discourage stimulates the doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the boys approve criticizes the kid	singular	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objrel_that	The father that the boys avoid engages the mother	singular	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objrel_that	The father that the boys observe remembers the kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel_that	The father that the boys stimulate understands the doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objrel_that	The father that the carpenters admire confuses the guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the carpenters engage admires the singer	singular	plural	singular	engages	admire
objrel_that	The father that the doctors avoid discourages the friend	singular	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the doctors remember knows the victim	singular	plural	singular	remembers	know
objrel_that	The father that the farmers confuse remembers the victim	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel_that	The father that the farmers engage discourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the farmers know stimulates the boy	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the friends discourage observes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objrel_that	The father that the friends stimulate discourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the friends stimulate understands the aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objrel_that	The father that the girls engage inspires the victim	singular	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the girls inspire observes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel_that	The father that the girls know confuses the mother	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the guys criticize encourages the man	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that	The father that the guys criticize understands the doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objrel_that	The father that the kids criticize greets the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel_that	The father that the lawyers know observes the boy	singular	plural	singular	knows	observe
objrel_that	The father that the men admire observes the boy	singular	plural	singular	admires	observe
objrel_that	The father that the men avoid discourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the mothers observe criticizes the guy	singular	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objrel_that	The father that the poets avoid remembers the aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel_that	The father that the poets stimulate remembers the victim	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objrel_that	The father that the singers engage observes the athlete	singular	plural	singular	engages	observe
objrel_that	The father that the teachers greet avoids the poet	singular	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objrel_that	The father that the teachers know inspires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the uncles avoid encourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objrel_that	The father that the uncles confuse approves the boy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objrel_that	The father that the uncles engage inspires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the victims approve admires the girl	singular	plural	singular	approves	admire
objrel_that	The father that the victims approve encourages the man	singular	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objrel_that	The father that the victims engage knows the uncle	singular	plural	singular	engages	know
objrel_that	The father that the victims understand criticizes the guy	singular	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objrel_that	The father that the women approve observes the victim	singular	plural	singular	approves	observe
objrel_that	The father that the women encourage inspires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the women encourage stimulates the farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the women inspire observes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel_that	The friend that the athletes admire observes the victim	singular	plural	singular	admires	observe
objrel_that	The friend that the athletes confuse criticizes the man	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the athletes confuse observes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objrel_that	The friend that the athletes discourage greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the athletes observe criticizes the boy	singular	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the aunts engage admires the guy	singular	plural	singular	engages	admire
objrel_that	The friend that the boys discourage knows the singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel_that	The friend that the boys encourage admires the father	singular	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objrel_that	The friend that the boys know understands the athlete	singular	plural	singular	knows	understand
objrel_that	The friend that the boys stimulate confuses the kid	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that	The friend that the doctors admire greets the girl	singular	plural	singular	admires	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the doctors admire greets the singer	singular	plural	singular	admires	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the doctors engage avoids the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objrel_that	The friend that the doctors greet knows the woman	singular	plural	singular	greets	know
objrel_that	The friend that the doctors observe remembers the singer	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel_that	The friend that the doctors stimulate inspires the boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the farmers confuse avoids the boy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	avoid
objrel_that	The friend that the farmers confuse observes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objrel_that	The friend that the farmers discourage inspires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the farmers remember understands the mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objrel_that	The friend that the fathers discourage confuses the teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel_that	The friend that the fathers greet avoids the mother	singular	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objrel_that	The friend that the fathers know avoids the aunt	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel_that	The friend that the fathers stimulate greets the teacher	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the girls remember encourages the man	singular	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the girls remember inspires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the guys encourage approves the mother	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel_that	The friend that the guys observe encourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the kids encourage avoids the uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objrel_that	The friend that the kids stimulate remembers the victim	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objrel_that	The friend that the lawyers greet admires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	greets	admire
objrel_that	The friend that the lawyers inspire greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the lawyers observe discourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel_that	The friend that the men encourage engages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel_that	The friend that the mothers confuse encourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the poets approve understands the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	approves	understand
objrel_that	The friend that the poets confuse criticizes the girl	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the poets confuse greets the victim	singular	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the poets criticize encourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the poets remember inspires the singer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the singers discourage engages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objrel_that	The friend that the singers greet remembers the teacher	singular	plural	singular	greets	remember
objrel_that	The friend that the teachers admire approves the mother	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel_that	The friend that the teachers avoid greets the aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the teachers understand inspires the man	singular	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the teachers understand observes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	understands	observe
objrel_that	The friend that the uncles encourage discourages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objrel_that	The friend that the uncles encourage knows the athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel_that	The friend that the victims admire criticizes the athlete	singular	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the victims greet discourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objrel_that	The friend that the victims greet discourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objrel_that	The friend that the women admire avoids the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admires	avoid
objrel_that	The friend that the women discourage encourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the women know understands the singer	singular	plural	singular	knows	understand
objrel_that	The friend that the women understand encourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the women understand knows the kid	singular	plural	singular	understands	know
objrel_that	The girl that the athletes admire stimulates the doctor	singular	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the athletes observe stimulates the uncle	singular	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the athletes remember engages the kid	singular	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objrel_that	The girl that the athletes stimulate encourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that	The girl that the boys approve avoids the victim	singular	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objrel_that	The girl that the boys observe approves the poet	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel_that	The girl that the carpenters approve observes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	approves	observe
objrel_that	The girl that the carpenters encourage stimulates the man	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the carpenters inspire stimulates the father	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the carpenters stimulate understands the boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objrel_that	The girl that the doctors avoid stimulates the boy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the doctors criticize admires the guy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objrel_that	The girl that the doctors know engages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	knows	engage
objrel_that	The girl that the doctors remember admires the mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objrel_that	The girl that the farmers avoid inspires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the farmers confuse knows the boy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel_that	The girl that the farmers greet knows the aunt	singular	plural	singular	greets	know
objrel_that	The girl that the fathers admire stimulates the kid	singular	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the friends criticize observes the mother	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel_that	The girl that the guys admire understands the mother	singular	plural	singular	admires	understand
objrel_that	The girl that the guys greet criticizes the singer	singular	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objrel_that	The girl that the guys observe knows the teacher	singular	plural	singular	observes	know
objrel_that	The girl that the kids admire engages the man	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel_that	The girl that the kids approve remembers the poet	singular	plural	singular	approves	remember
objrel_that	The girl that the lawyers understand remembers the teacher	singular	plural	singular	understands	remember
objrel_that	The girl that the men avoid observes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objrel_that	The girl that the men confuse encourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel_that	The girl that the men confuse knows the kid	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel_that	The girl that the men inspire observes the kid	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel_that	The girl that the mothers criticize understands the kid	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objrel_that	The girl that the mothers inspire approves the teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objrel_that	The girl that the mothers understand observes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	understands	observe
objrel_that	The girl that the poets greet stimulates the farmer	singular	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the singers criticize encourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that	The girl that the singers discourage knows the athlete	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel_that	The girl that the singers encourage approves the poet	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel_that	The girl that the singers encourage inspires the kid	singular	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the singers greet admires the mother	singular	plural	singular	greets	admire
objrel_that	The girl that the teachers approve avoids the man	singular	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objrel_that	The girl that the teachers criticize encourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that	The girl that the teachers greet stimulates the father	singular	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the teachers know admires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	knows	admire
objrel_that	The girl that the uncles confuse criticizes the man	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel_that	The girl that the uncles discourage criticizes the kid	singular	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objrel_that	The girl that the uncles encourage admires the man	singular	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objrel_that	The girl that the uncles know discourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel_that	The girl that the victims admire inspires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the victims confuse admires the man	singular	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objrel_that	The girl that the victims greet inspires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the victims remember encourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objrel_that	The girl that the women confuse discourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objrel_that	The girl that the women stimulate observes the victim	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objrel_that	The guy that the athletes approve observes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	approves	observe
objrel_that	The guy that the athletes avoid encourages the girl	singular	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the athletes encourage avoids the boy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objrel_that	The guy that the athletes encourage discourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objrel_that	The guy that the athletes encourage stimulates the mother	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The guy that the athletes inspire encourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the athletes stimulate encourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the aunts approve inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objrel_that	The guy that the aunts criticize inspires the poet	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that	The guy that the aunts discourage stimulates the man	singular	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The guy that the aunts engage admires the boy	singular	plural	singular	engages	admire
objrel_that	The guy that the boys inspire remembers the man	singular	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objrel_that	The guy that the boys know observes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	knows	observe
objrel_that	The guy that the carpenters understand discourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objrel_that	The guy that the doctors admire criticizes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objrel_that	The guy that the doctors criticize approves the mother	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel_that	The guy that the doctors remember inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel_that	The guy that the farmers approve stimulates the poet	singular	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objrel_that	The guy that the farmers greet knows the mother	singular	plural	singular	greets	know
objrel_that	The guy that the fathers confuse stimulates the aunt	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that	The guy that the fathers discourage avoids the man	singular	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objrel_that	The guy that the fathers observe discourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel_that	The guy that the fathers understand admires the boy	singular	plural	singular	understands	admire
objrel_that	The guy that the friends admire encourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the girls admire stimulates the athlete	singular	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objrel_that	The guy that the girls criticize avoids the singer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that	The guy that the girls stimulate discourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objrel_that	The guy that the girls stimulate knows the poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objrel_that	The guy that the kids observe greets the athlete	singular	plural	singular	observes	greet
objrel_that	The guy that the kids understand engages the poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	engage
objrel_that	The guy that the men admire remembers the friend	singular	plural	singular	admires	remember
objrel_that	The guy that the men avoid remembers the aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel_that	The guy that the men stimulate admires the mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objrel_that	The guy that the mothers remember confuses the athlete	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel_that	The guy that the mothers remember criticizes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objrel_that	The guy that the mothers understand confuses the poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objrel_that	The guy that the poets admire inspires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_that	The guy that the poets confuse stimulates the girl	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that	The guy that the poets encourage criticizes the kid	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel_that	The guy that the poets stimulate avoids the teacher	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objrel_that	The guy that the singers greet knows the aunt	singular	plural	singular	greets	know
objrel_that	The guy that the uncles approve inspires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objrel_that	The guy that the uncles know stimulates the victim	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel_that	The guy that the victims confuse encourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the women encourage stimulates the farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The kid that the athletes avoid admires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objrel_that	The kid that the athletes discourage encourages the boy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objrel_that	The kid that the athletes discourage understands the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objrel_that	The kid that the athletes stimulate encourages the friend	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that	The kid that the aunts approve avoids the uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objrel_that	The kid that the aunts approve greets the athlete	singular	plural	singular	approves	greet
objrel_that	The kid that the boys criticize avoids the doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that	The kid that the boys encourage criticizes the victim	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel_that	The kid that the boys engage discourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel_that	The kid that the boys greet admires the father	singular	plural	singular	greets	admire
objrel_that	The kid that the boys inspire understands the girl	singular	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objrel_that	The kid that the boys understand admires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	understands	admire
objrel_that	The kid that the carpenters admire avoids the guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	avoid
objrel_that	The kid that the carpenters understand approves the man	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel_that	The kid that the carpenters understand inspires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objrel_that	The kid that the doctors approve avoids the poet	singular	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objrel_that	The kid that the doctors approve remembers the girl	singular	plural	singular	approves	remember
objrel_that	The kid that the doctors confuse stimulates the singer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that	The kid that the doctors inspire greets the friend	singular	plural	singular	inspires	greet
objrel_that	The kid that the doctors remember encourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objrel_that	The kid that the doctors stimulate inspires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that	The kid that the farmers admire inspires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_that	The kid that the farmers know confuses the boy	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel_that	The kid that the fathers understand inspires the man	singular	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objrel_that	The kid that the friends discourage approves the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objrel_that	The kid that the friends encourage discourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objrel_that	The kid that the friends know stimulates the teacher	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel_that	The kid that the friends observe avoids the victim	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that	The kid that the girls encourage stimulates the singer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The kid that the girls know discourages the man	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel_that	The kid that the lawyers confuse criticizes the boy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel_that	The kid that the men approve engages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel_that	The kid that the men avoid criticizes the boy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objrel_that	The kid that the men avoid discourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objrel_that	The kid that the men avoid understands the mother	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel_that	The kid that the men understand greets the teacher	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel_that	The kid that the poets avoid admires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objrel_that	The kid that the poets criticize approves the farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel_that	The kid that the poets inspire stimulates the singer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that	The kid that the poets understand knows the boy	singular	plural	singular	understands	know
objrel_that	The kid that the singers avoid understands the guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel_that	The kid that the singers confuse admires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objrel_that	The kid that the singers stimulate understands the man	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objrel_that	The kid that the uncles encourage inspires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objrel_that	The kid that the uncles inspire encourages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objrel_that	The kid that the uncles inspire knows the doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspires	know
objrel_that	The kid that the uncles remember criticizes the father	singular	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objrel_that	The kid that the uncles stimulate avoids the farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objrel_that	The kid that the uncles stimulate avoids the poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objrel_that	The kid that the victims admire encourages the poet	singular	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objrel_that	The kid that the victims criticize observes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel_that	The kid that the victims stimulate approves the girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objrel_that	The kid that the women admire greets the uncle	singular	plural	singular	admires	greet
objrel_that	The lawyer that the athletes encourage greets the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objrel_that	The lawyer that the athletes know avoids the aunt	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel_that	The lawyer that the athletes observe engages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	observes	engage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the athletes remember observes the mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the athletes stimulate encourages the man	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the aunts inspire confuses the doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel_that	The lawyer that the aunts inspire engages the girl	singular	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the aunts stimulate knows the uncle	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the boys avoid confuses the woman	singular	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objrel_that	The lawyer that the boys confuse observes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the boys observe approves the woman	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel_that	The lawyer that the carpenters inspire discourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the carpenters stimulate inspires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the doctors engage remembers the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engages	remember
objrel_that	The lawyer that the doctors observe greets the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observes	greet
objrel_that	The lawyer that the doctors observe inspires the guy	singular	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the farmers engage discourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the farmers observe criticizes the woman	singular	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objrel_that	The lawyer that the farmers remember knows the boy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the farmers understand admires the friend	singular	plural	singular	understands	admire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the fathers admire engages the mother	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the fathers confuse observes the singer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the fathers inspire criticizes the athlete	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel_that	The lawyer that the fathers stimulate engages the mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the friends encourage engages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the girls confuse discourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the girls remember avoids the teacher	singular	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objrel_that	The lawyer that the girls stimulate inspires the poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the guys criticize admires the man	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the guys criticize remembers the doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	remember
objrel_that	The lawyer that the guys discourage understands the doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the guys greet observes the mother	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the guys understand remembers the uncle	singular	plural	singular	understands	remember
objrel_that	The lawyer that the kids approve understands the man	singular	plural	singular	approves	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the kids remember greets the doctor	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel_that	The lawyer that the men discourage knows the farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the men engage admires the boy	singular	plural	singular	engages	admire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the men stimulate engages the singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the mothers discourage avoids the singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objrel_that	The lawyer that the poets avoid confuses the aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objrel_that	The lawyer that the singers criticize confuses the teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objrel_that	The lawyer that the singers encourage knows the uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the singers know observes the athlete	singular	plural	singular	knows	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the singers observe discourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the singers stimulate encourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the teachers avoid admires the singer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the teachers engage approves the doctor	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel_that	The lawyer that the teachers inspire understands the girl	singular	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the teachers stimulate understands the friend	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the uncles criticize approves the farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel_that	The lawyer that the uncles encourage observes the boy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the uncles stimulate understands the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the victims avoid observes the guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the victims know remembers the man	singular	plural	singular	knows	remember
objrel_that	The lawyer that the women admire inspires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the women approve greets the father	singular	plural	singular	approves	greet
objrel_that	The lawyer that the women approve remembers the boy	singular	plural	singular	approves	remember
objrel_that	The lawyer that the women discourage observes the friend	singular	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the women understand confuses the father	singular	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objrel_that	The man that the athletes know avoids the guy	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel_that	The man that the boys avoid criticizes the singer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objrel_that	The man that the boys discourage engages the father	singular	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objrel_that	The man that the boys discourage engages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objrel_that	The man that the carpenters encourage observes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objrel_that	The man that the carpenters greet encourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel_that	The man that the carpenters observe avoids the guy	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that	The man that the doctors avoid encourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objrel_that	The man that the doctors stimulate approves the friend	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objrel_that	The man that the farmers greet confuses the singer	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel_that	The man that the farmers understand criticizes the guy	singular	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objrel_that	The man that the fathers know discourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the friends avoid criticizes the kid	singular	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objrel_that	The man that the girls avoid observes the friend	singular	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objrel_that	The man that the girls engage inspires the kid	singular	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objrel_that	The man that the girls engage knows the woman	singular	plural	singular	engages	know
objrel_that	The man that the girls observe encourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objrel_that	The man that the guys confuse encourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel_that	The man that the kids criticize knows the teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objrel_that	The man that the kids greet inspires the victim	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel_that	The man that the kids inspire approves the father	singular	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objrel_that	The man that the kids stimulate encourages the friend	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that	The man that the lawyers admire understands the father	singular	plural	singular	admires	understand
objrel_that	The man that the lawyers remember discourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the mothers avoid inspires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objrel_that	The man that the poets discourage understands the uncle	singular	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objrel_that	The man that the poets understand inspires the kid	singular	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objrel_that	The man that the singers engage stimulates the teacher	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel_that	The man that the singers remember discourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the teachers greet encourages the friend	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel_that	The man that the teachers stimulate knows the aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objrel_that	The man that the uncles confuse stimulates the kid	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that	The man that the uncles discourage inspires the girl	singular	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objrel_that	The man that the uncles know discourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the uncles observe understands the farmer	singular	plural	singular	observes	understand
objrel_that	The man that the uncles understand knows the victim	singular	plural	singular	understands	know
objrel_that	The man that the victims discourage avoids the uncle	singular	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objrel_that	The man that the victims greet admires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	greets	admire
objrel_that	The man that the victims greet approves the guy	singular	plural	singular	greets	approve
objrel_that	The man that the victims know criticizes the girl	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel_that	The man that the victims observe understands the teacher	singular	plural	singular	observes	understand
objrel_that	The mother that the athletes greet admires the man	singular	plural	singular	greets	admire
objrel_that	The mother that the athletes observe avoids the friend	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that	The mother that the athletes remember greets the girl	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel_that	The mother that the athletes stimulate avoids the aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objrel_that	The mother that the aunts encourage approves the kid	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel_that	The mother that the aunts engage remembers the friend	singular	plural	singular	engages	remember
objrel_that	The mother that the aunts greet engages the guy	singular	plural	singular	greets	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the boys confuse inspires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel_that	The mother that the boys engage understands the man	singular	plural	singular	engages	understand
objrel_that	The mother that the boys inspire admires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objrel_that	The mother that the boys know remembers the kid	singular	plural	singular	knows	remember
objrel_that	The mother that the carpenters encourage approves the athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel_that	The mother that the carpenters encourage understands the athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objrel_that	The mother that the carpenters greet stimulates the athlete	singular	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objrel_that	The mother that the farmers observe admires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	observes	admire
objrel_that	The mother that the fathers engage stimulates the woman	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel_that	The mother that the fathers greet confuses the guy	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel_that	The mother that the fathers inspire confuses the girl	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel_that	The mother that the fathers remember criticizes the athlete	singular	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objrel_that	The mother that the friends criticize avoids the doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that	The mother that the friends greet criticizes the guy	singular	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objrel_that	The mother that the friends greet criticizes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objrel_that	The mother that the friends observe criticizes the victim	singular	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objrel_that	The mother that the girls know avoids the kid	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel_that	The mother that the girls observe confuses the boy	singular	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objrel_that	The mother that the guys encourage engages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the guys engage observes the father	singular	plural	singular	engages	observe
objrel_that	The mother that the guys observe criticizes the kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objrel_that	The mother that the kids confuse discourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objrel_that	The mother that the kids engage approves the woman	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel_that	The mother that the lawyers approve knows the farmer	singular	plural	singular	approves	know
objrel_that	The mother that the lawyers remember knows the singer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	know
objrel_that	The mother that the lawyers remember stimulates the athlete	singular	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that	The mother that the lawyers remember understands the teacher	singular	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objrel_that	The mother that the men observe stimulates the boy	singular	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objrel_that	The mother that the poets criticize observes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel_that	The mother that the poets remember greets the friend	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel_that	The mother that the poets stimulate encourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that	The mother that the singers remember knows the teacher	singular	plural	singular	remembers	know
objrel_that	The mother that the singers understand greets the girl	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel_that	The mother that the teachers observe encourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objrel_that	The mother that the uncles admire criticizes the boy	singular	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objrel_that	The mother that the uncles approve discourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objrel_that	The mother that the uncles criticize avoids the teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that	The mother that the uncles criticize engages the friend	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the uncles greet approves the poet	singular	plural	singular	greets	approve
objrel_that	The mother that the uncles greet criticizes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objrel_that	The mother that the victims encourage avoids the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objrel_that	The mother that the victims remember avoids the kid	singular	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objrel_that	The mother that the women avoid stimulates the kid	singular	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objrel_that	The poet that the athletes confuse knows the father	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel_that	The poet that the athletes criticize observes the victim	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel_that	The poet that the athletes greet confuses the uncle	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the athletes inspire engages the woman	singular	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objrel_that	The poet that the athletes observe criticizes the kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objrel_that	The poet that the aunts admire confuses the father	singular	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the aunts admire stimulates the kid	singular	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objrel_that	The poet that the aunts approve avoids the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objrel_that	The poet that the aunts encourage approves the mother	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel_that	The poet that the aunts encourage understands the farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objrel_that	The poet that the aunts stimulate greets the guy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objrel_that	The poet that the boys admire inspires the singer	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_that	The poet that the boys approve understands the man	singular	plural	singular	approves	understand
objrel_that	The poet that the boys engage encourages the girl	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the boys know encourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the boys observe inspires the guy	singular	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objrel_that	The poet that the carpenters know avoids the kid	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel_that	The poet that the carpenters remember engages the woman	singular	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objrel_that	The poet that the carpenters understand avoids the girl	singular	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objrel_that	The poet that the farmers encourage approves the teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel_that	The poet that the farmers greet confuses the girl	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the fathers criticize engages the guy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel_that	The poet that the friends encourage criticizes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel_that	The poet that the friends observe criticizes the kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objrel_that	The poet that the friends stimulate criticizes the woman	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objrel_that	The poet that the girls approve encourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the girls inspire confuses the father	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the guys admire criticizes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objrel_that	The poet that the guys approve confuses the man	singular	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the guys criticize confuses the woman	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the kids admire engages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel_that	The poet that the kids confuse encourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the lawyers confuse engages the friend	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel_that	The poet that the lawyers discourage encourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the lawyers encourage greets the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objrel_that	The poet that the lawyers encourage knows the guy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel_that	The poet that the lawyers greet encourages the father	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the lawyers know criticizes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel_that	The poet that the lawyers observe stimulates the father	singular	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objrel_that	The poet that the men observe encourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the mothers avoid observes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objrel_that	The poet that the mothers observe stimulates the man	singular	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objrel_that	The poet that the mothers remember inspires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel_that	The poet that the singers avoid understands the kid	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel_that	The poet that the singers greet engages the kid	singular	plural	singular	greets	engage
objrel_that	The poet that the teachers encourage criticizes the friend	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel_that	The poet that the uncles admire approves the singer	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel_that	The poet that the uncles avoid knows the kid	singular	plural	singular	avoids	know
objrel_that	The poet that the uncles avoid remembers the man	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel_that	The poet that the uncles avoid understands the athlete	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel_that	The poet that the uncles know admires the farmer	singular	plural	singular	knows	admire
objrel_that	The poet that the uncles know greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	knows	greet
objrel_that	The poet that the uncles stimulate greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objrel_that	The poet that the victims approve admires the friend	singular	plural	singular	approves	admire
objrel_that	The poet that the victims greet admires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	greets	admire
objrel_that	The poet that the victims greet confuses the girl	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the victims know confuses the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the victims know encourages the girl	singular	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objrel_that	The singer that the athletes discourage engages the victim	singular	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objrel_that	The singer that the athletes know admires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	knows	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the athletes observe avoids the woman	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that	The singer that the aunts approve confuses the father	singular	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objrel_that	The singer that the aunts greet confuses the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel_that	The singer that the aunts know stimulates the guy	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel_that	The singer that the aunts understand avoids the father	singular	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objrel_that	The singer that the boys avoid discourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objrel_that	The singer that the boys avoid stimulates the farmer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objrel_that	The singer that the boys criticize inspires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that	The singer that the boys know avoids the friend	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel_that	The singer that the carpenters admire discourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel_that	The singer that the carpenters stimulate discourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objrel_that	The singer that the carpenters understand observes the athlete	singular	plural	singular	understands	observe
objrel_that	The singer that the doctors avoid criticizes the woman	singular	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objrel_that	The singer that the farmers encourage understands the aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the farmers inspire stimulates the athlete	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that	The singer that the farmers understand avoids the man	singular	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objrel_that	The singer that the farmers understand engages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	understands	engage
objrel_that	The singer that the fathers approve inspires the man	singular	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objrel_that	The singer that the fathers confuse inspires the woman	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel_that	The singer that the fathers inspire engages the man	singular	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objrel_that	The singer that the fathers observe stimulates the boy	singular	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objrel_that	The singer that the fathers remember knows the mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	know
objrel_that	The singer that the friends avoid remembers the athlete	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel_that	The singer that the friends know confuses the guy	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel_that	The singer that the girls admire stimulates the boy	singular	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objrel_that	The singer that the girls avoid observes the athlete	singular	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objrel_that	The singer that the girls confuse understands the athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the guys confuse discourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objrel_that	The singer that the guys criticize avoids the farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that	The singer that the guys inspire admires the father	singular	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the guys remember admires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the kids remember stimulates the father	singular	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that	The singer that the lawyers approve discourages the father	singular	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objrel_that	The singer that the mothers admire confuses the farmer	singular	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objrel_that	The singer that the mothers confuse engages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel_that	The singer that the mothers observe stimulates the athlete	singular	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objrel_that	The singer that the poets encourage knows the victim	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel_that	The singer that the poets engage greets the mother	singular	plural	singular	engages	greet
objrel_that	The singer that the poets engage inspires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objrel_that	The singer that the poets greet knows the man	singular	plural	singular	greets	know
objrel_that	The singer that the teachers admire observes the poet	singular	plural	singular	admires	observe
objrel_that	The singer that the teachers inspire understands the kid	singular	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the teachers remember greets the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel_that	The singer that the uncles approve understands the doctor	singular	plural	singular	approves	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the uncles understand avoids the poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objrel_that	The singer that the uncles understand greets the father	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel_that	The singer that the victims stimulate engages the friend	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objrel_that	The singer that the women approve stimulates the mother	singular	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objrel_that	The singer that the women observe discourages the friend	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel_that	The singer that the women stimulate discourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objrel_that	The singer that the women understand discourages the boy	singular	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the athletes admire remembers the uncle	singular	plural	singular	admires	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the athletes inspire criticizes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel_that	The teacher that the athletes inspire encourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the athletes inspire encourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the aunts admire approves the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel_that	The teacher that the aunts approve remembers the farmer	singular	plural	singular	approves	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the aunts engage discourages the girl	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the aunts remember greets the mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel_that	The teacher that the boys criticize greets the farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel_that	The teacher that the boys discourage greets the athlete	singular	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objrel_that	The teacher that the carpenters approve remembers the kid	singular	plural	singular	approves	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the carpenters confuse remembers the mother	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctors know encourages the man	singular	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctors stimulate confuses the father	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctors stimulate encourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctors stimulate observes the poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objrel_that	The teacher that the farmers criticize inspires the poet	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that	The teacher that the farmers observe confuses the victim	singular	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objrel_that	The teacher that the friends criticize avoids the woman	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that	The teacher that the friends inspire remembers the athlete	singular	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the friends know inspires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objrel_that	The teacher that the friends remember stimulates the victim	singular	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that	The teacher that the girls confuse observes the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objrel_that	The teacher that the girls greet engages the guy	singular	plural	singular	greets	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the girls understand admires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	understands	admire
objrel_that	The teacher that the guys know criticizes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel_that	The teacher that the guys observe remembers the kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the kids admire avoids the father	singular	plural	singular	admires	avoid
objrel_that	The teacher that the kids criticize encourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the kids encourage stimulates the poet	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The teacher that the kids remember knows the aunt	singular	plural	singular	remembers	know
objrel_that	The teacher that the lawyers discourage approves the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objrel_that	The teacher that the men criticize inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that	The teacher that the men discourage understands the doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objrel_that	The teacher that the men engage remembers the aunt	singular	plural	singular	engages	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the poets confuse inspires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel_that	The teacher that the poets stimulate knows the boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objrel_that	The teacher that the singers admire approves the girl	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel_that	The teacher that the singers admire discourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the singers avoid criticizes the victim	singular	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objrel_that	The teacher that the singers encourage knows the guy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel_that	The teacher that the singers engage observes the father	singular	plural	singular	engages	observe
objrel_that	The teacher that the uncles remember greets the woman	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel_that	The teacher that the victims admire engages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the victims admire engages the singer	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the women approve confuses the victim	singular	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objrel_that	The teacher that the women approve stimulates the athlete	singular	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objrel_that	The teacher that the women discourage inspires the singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objrel_that	The uncle that the athletes admire observes the poet	singular	plural	singular	admires	observe
objrel_that	The uncle that the athletes avoid understands the kid	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel_that	The uncle that the athletes criticize understands the teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objrel_that	The uncle that the athletes discourage understands the guy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objrel_that	The uncle that the athletes engage greets the teacher	singular	plural	singular	engages	greet
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunts admire stimulates the doctor	singular	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunts criticize avoids the man	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunts observe stimulates the woman	singular	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunts stimulate greets the teacher	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objrel_that	The uncle that the boys admire discourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the boys avoid remembers the victim	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel_that	The uncle that the boys greet discourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the boys greet knows the woman	singular	plural	singular	greets	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the boys observe avoids the woman	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that	The uncle that the boys remember confuses the kid	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel_that	The uncle that the boys stimulate criticizes the athlete	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objrel_that	The uncle that the carpenters admire stimulates the father	singular	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the carpenters observe encourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the doctors admire discourages the boy	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the doctors confuse understands the father	singular	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objrel_that	The uncle that the doctors engage encourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the farmers criticize encourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the farmers discourage knows the singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the farmers encourage inspires the boy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objrel_that	The uncle that the farmers engage stimulates the friend	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the fathers encourage discourages the friend	singular	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the fathers encourage greets the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objrel_that	The uncle that the friends confuse remembers the boy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel_that	The uncle that the friends stimulate admires the girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objrel_that	The uncle that the girls encourage understands the boy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objrel_that	The uncle that the guys greet inspires the man	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel_that	The uncle that the guys observe understands the boy	singular	plural	singular	observes	understand
objrel_that	The uncle that the kids avoid confuses the poet	singular	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objrel_that	The uncle that the kids confuse knows the singer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the kids engage inspires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objrel_that	The uncle that the kids greet confuses the poet	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel_that	The uncle that the lawyers admire remembers the man	singular	plural	singular	admires	remember
objrel_that	The uncle that the lawyers criticize observes the woman	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel_that	The uncle that the lawyers understand inspires the kid	singular	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objrel_that	The uncle that the men know inspires the boy	singular	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objrel_that	The uncle that the men remember encourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the mothers confuse encourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the mothers confuse observes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objrel_that	The uncle that the mothers encourage avoids the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objrel_that	The uncle that the poets approve engages the girl	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel_that	The uncle that the poets observe admires the friend	singular	plural	singular	observes	admire
objrel_that	The uncle that the poets understand observes the mother	singular	plural	singular	understands	observe
objrel_that	The uncle that the singers confuse encourages the poet	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the singers criticize discourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the singers engage approves the farmer	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel_that	The uncle that the singers engage confuses the mother	singular	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objrel_that	The uncle that the singers inspire criticizes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel_that	The uncle that the teachers confuse encourages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the teachers engage inspires the singer	singular	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objrel_that	The uncle that the victims greet admires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	greets	admire
objrel_that	The uncle that the women encourage discourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the women understand approves the mother	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel_that	The victim that the aunts approve engages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel_that	The victim that the aunts inspire discourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the boys encourage greets the woman	singular	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objrel_that	The victim that the carpenters approve stimulates the guy	singular	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the carpenters confuse encourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel_that	The victim that the carpenters encourage approves the teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel_that	The victim that the carpenters observe encourages the girl	singular	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objrel_that	The victim that the doctors avoid knows the woman	singular	plural	singular	avoids	know
objrel_that	The victim that the doctors engage inspires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objrel_that	The victim that the farmers discourage observes the woman	singular	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objrel_that	The victim that the farmers know admires the father	singular	plural	singular	knows	admire
objrel_that	The victim that the fathers confuse avoids the girl	singular	plural	singular	confuses	avoid
objrel_that	The victim that the fathers confuse avoids the teacher	singular	plural	singular	confuses	avoid
objrel_that	The victim that the fathers know confuses the doctor	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel_that	The victim that the fathers understand discourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the friends greet observes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel_that	The victim that the girls encourage knows the farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel_that	The victim that the girls understand approves the poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel_that	The victim that the guys inspire confuses the farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel_that	The victim that the kids engage knows the doctor	singular	plural	singular	engages	know
objrel_that	The victim that the kids observe discourages the friend	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the kids understand stimulates the poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the lawyers avoid confuses the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objrel_that	The victim that the lawyers avoid understands the farmer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel_that	The victim that the lawyers discourage greets the uncle	singular	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objrel_that	The victim that the men approve engages the father	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel_that	The victim that the men approve observes the mother	singular	plural	singular	approves	observe
objrel_that	The victim that the men inspire stimulates the father	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the mothers discourage stimulates the singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the mothers encourage greets the woman	singular	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objrel_that	The victim that the mothers observe encourages the girl	singular	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objrel_that	The victim that the poets criticize greets the father	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel_that	The victim that the poets discourage avoids the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objrel_that	The victim that the poets understand encourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objrel_that	The victim that the poets understand greets the doctor	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel_that	The victim that the singers inspire criticizes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel_that	The victim that the singers observe greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	observes	greet
objrel_that	The victim that the teachers encourage remembers the uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objrel_that	The victim that the uncles confuse knows the woman	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel_that	The victim that the women admire observes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	admires	observe
objrel_that	The victim that the women encourage understands the athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objrel_that	The victim that the women inspire observes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel_that	The victim that the women remember confuses the uncle	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel_that	The woman that the athletes approve knows the singer	singular	plural	singular	approves	know
objrel_that	The woman that the athletes stimulate remembers the father	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objrel_that	The woman that the athletes understand greets the poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel_that	The woman that the aunts engage criticizes the victim	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the aunts understand stimulates the boy	singular	plural	singular	understands	stimulate
objrel_that	The woman that the boys know greets the singer	singular	plural	singular	knows	greet
objrel_that	The woman that the carpenters stimulate admires the boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objrel_that	The woman that the doctors criticize encourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that	The woman that the farmers admire engages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel_that	The woman that the farmers inspire criticizes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the fathers approve stimulates the uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objrel_that	The woman that the fathers avoid approves the mother	singular	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the fathers engage observes the mother	singular	plural	singular	engages	observe
objrel_that	The woman that the friends encourage greets the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objrel_that	The woman that the girls admire approves the guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the girls greet understands the farmer	singular	plural	singular	greets	understand
objrel_that	The woman that the girls inspire remembers the aunt	singular	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objrel_that	The woman that the girls know greets the man	singular	plural	singular	knows	greet
objrel_that	The woman that the girls observe engages the man	singular	plural	singular	observes	engage
objrel_that	The woman that the guys observe understands the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	observes	understand
objrel_that	The woman that the kids approve inspires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objrel_that	The woman that the lawyers avoid knows the poet	singular	plural	singular	avoids	know
objrel_that	The woman that the lawyers criticize approves the friend	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the lawyers inspire greets the aunt	singular	plural	singular	inspires	greet
objrel_that	The woman that the men admire encourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objrel_that	The woman that the men approve avoids the guy	singular	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objrel_that	The woman that the men approve confuses the friend	singular	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objrel_that	The woman that the men engage avoids the teacher	singular	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objrel_that	The woman that the men engage encourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel_that	The woman that the mothers admire inspires the friend	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_that	The woman that the mothers avoid approves the friend	singular	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the poets admire confuses the farmer	singular	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objrel_that	The woman that the poets observe approves the kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the singers greet knows the father	singular	plural	singular	greets	know
objrel_that	The woman that the singers inspire avoids the friend	singular	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objrel_that	The woman that the singers inspire knows the aunt	singular	plural	singular	inspires	know
objrel_that	The woman that the teachers discourage confuses the singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel_that	The woman that the teachers remember stimulates the poet	singular	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that	The woman that the teachers understand inspires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objrel_that	The woman that the uncles confuse discourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objrel_that	The woman that the uncles encourage observes the friend	singular	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objrel_that	The woman that the uncles engage criticizes the poet	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the uncles engage encourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel_that	The woman that the victims admire criticizes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the victims encourage knows the girl	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel_that	The woman that the victims stimulate encourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the aunts confuse greets the uncles	singular	plural	plural	confuses	greet
objrel_that	The athlete that the aunts engage stimulates the uncles	singular	plural	plural	engages	stimulate
objrel_that	The athlete that the boys approve encourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the boys approve knows the singers	singular	plural	plural	approves	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the boys approve observes the men	singular	plural	plural	approves	observe
objrel_that	The athlete that the boys greet observes the kids	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel_that	The athlete that the boys greet stimulates the teachers	singular	plural	plural	greets	stimulate
objrel_that	The athlete that the carpenters avoid knows the friends	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the carpenters stimulate engages the boys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	engage
objrel_that	The athlete that the doctors criticize approves the men	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	approve
objrel_that	The athlete that the doctors greet engages the men	singular	plural	plural	greets	engage
objrel_that	The athlete that the farmers admire observes the men	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel_that	The athlete that the farmers avoid stimulates the women	singular	plural	plural	avoids	stimulate
objrel_that	The athlete that the fathers encourage avoids the farmers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel_that	The athlete that the fathers greet criticizes the kids	singular	plural	plural	greets	criticize
objrel_that	The athlete that the friends criticize admires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	admire
objrel_that	The athlete that the friends criticize stimulates the guys	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_that	The athlete that the friends greet knows the poets	singular	plural	plural	greets	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the friends inspire stimulates the men	singular	plural	plural	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that	The athlete that the friends remember avoids the poets	singular	plural	plural	remembers	avoid
objrel_that	The athlete that the friends stimulate inspires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that	The athlete that the girls admire approves the farmers	singular	plural	plural	admires	approve
objrel_that	The athlete that the girls inspire engages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel_that	The athlete that the girls remember criticizes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel_that	The athlete that the girls stimulate confuses the singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that	The athlete that the guys encourage approves the boys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel_that	The athlete that the guys observe confuses the kids	singular	plural	plural	observes	confuse
objrel_that	The athlete that the guys remember knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the kids know confuses the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	knows	confuse
objrel_that	The athlete that the lawyers approve engages the kids	singular	plural	plural	approves	engage
objrel_that	The athlete that the lawyers greet engages the victims	singular	plural	plural	greets	engage
objrel_that	The athlete that the lawyers understand greets the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understands	greet
objrel_that	The athlete that the men encourage knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the men observe approves the farmers	singular	plural	plural	observes	approve
objrel_that	The athlete that the mothers approve admires the poets	singular	plural	plural	approves	admire
objrel_that	The athlete that the mothers avoid discourages the poets	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the poets inspire discourages the friends	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the poets inspire remembers the singers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel_that	The athlete that the poets stimulate knows the singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the singers discourage remembers the women	singular	plural	plural	discourages	remember
objrel_that	The athlete that the singers remember stimulates the kids	singular	plural	plural	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that	The athlete that the singers understand inspires the friends	singular	plural	plural	understands	inspire
objrel_that	The athlete that the uncles approve discourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the uncles greet inspires the mothers	singular	plural	plural	greets	inspire
objrel_that	The athlete that the uncles inspire admires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	admire
objrel_that	The athlete that the victims avoid stimulates the doctors	singular	plural	plural	avoids	stimulate
objrel_that	The athlete that the victims encourage inspires the women	singular	plural	plural	encourages	inspire
objrel_that	The athlete that the victims engage encourages the women	singular	plural	plural	engages	encourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the victims remember inspires the women	singular	plural	plural	remembers	inspire
objrel_that	The athlete that the women discourage engages the victims	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel_that	The athlete that the women stimulate understands the singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel_that	The aunt that the athletes admire greets the boys	singular	plural	plural	admires	greet
objrel_that	The aunt that the athletes avoid discourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the athletes encourage approves the teachers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel_that	The aunt that the athletes encourage avoids the men	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the boys approve confuses the victims	singular	plural	plural	approves	confuse
objrel_that	The aunt that the carpenters criticize engages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	engage
objrel_that	The aunt that the carpenters encourage discourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourages	discourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the carpenters greet confuses the mothers	singular	plural	plural	greets	confuse
objrel_that	The aunt that the carpenters inspire engages the boys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel_that	The aunt that the carpenters know admires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	knows	admire
objrel_that	The aunt that the carpenters know approves the men	singular	plural	plural	knows	approve
objrel_that	The aunt that the doctors encourage confuses the uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourages	confuse
objrel_that	The aunt that the doctors encourage observes the boys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	observe
objrel_that	The aunt that the doctors know greets the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	knows	greet
objrel_that	The aunt that the doctors stimulate criticizes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	criticize
objrel_that	The aunt that the doctors stimulate remembers the uncles	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	remember
objrel_that	The aunt that the farmers confuse stimulates the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that	The aunt that the farmers inspire discourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the farmers know remembers the singers	singular	plural	plural	knows	remember
objrel_that	The aunt that the fathers avoid engages the men	singular	plural	plural	avoids	engage
objrel_that	The aunt that the fathers know stimulates the athletes	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel_that	The aunt that the fathers observe approves the poets	singular	plural	plural	observes	approve
objrel_that	The aunt that the friends engage observes the poets	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel_that	The aunt that the friends remember knows the men	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel_that	The aunt that the girls admire understands the farmers	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel_that	The aunt that the girls confuse knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	know
objrel_that	The aunt that the girls discourage admires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel_that	The aunt that the girls observe avoids the friends	singular	plural	plural	observes	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the guys criticize stimulates the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_that	The aunt that the guys greet engages the men	singular	plural	plural	greets	engage
objrel_that	The aunt that the kids approve knows the fathers	singular	plural	plural	approves	know
objrel_that	The aunt that the kids know admires the girls	singular	plural	plural	knows	admire
objrel_that	The aunt that the kids know criticizes the victims	singular	plural	plural	knows	criticize
objrel_that	The aunt that the lawyers avoid discourages the poets	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the lawyers confuse encourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	encourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the lawyers understand avoids the teachers	singular	plural	plural	understands	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the lawyers understand encourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	understands	encourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the lawyers understand remembers the girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel_that	The aunt that the men approve inspires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	approves	inspire
objrel_that	The aunt that the men avoid knows the poets	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel_that	The aunt that the men encourage approves the women	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel_that	The aunt that the men engage criticizes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel_that	The aunt that the men understand stimulates the guys	singular	plural	plural	understands	stimulate
objrel_that	The aunt that the mothers admire observes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel_that	The aunt that the mothers discourage avoids the fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the mothers encourage approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel_that	The aunt that the poets discourage understands the athletes	singular	plural	plural	discourages	understand
objrel_that	The aunt that the poets greet admires the women	singular	plural	plural	greets	admire
objrel_that	The aunt that the poets inspire engages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel_that	The aunt that the poets remember avoids the doctors	singular	plural	plural	remembers	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the poets stimulate avoids the victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the singers criticize knows the fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	know
objrel_that	The aunt that the singers criticize stimulates the teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_that	The aunt that the singers engage encourages the women	singular	plural	plural	engages	encourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the teachers understand stimulates the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understands	stimulate
objrel_that	The aunt that the uncles admire observes the victims	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel_that	The aunt that the uncles discourage greets the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel_that	The aunt that the victims approve discourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the victims criticize knows the girls	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	know
objrel_that	The aunt that the women engage knows the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel_that	The aunt that the women remember knows the men	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel_that	The boy that the athletes approve understands the poets	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_that	The boy that the athletes inspire stimulates the women	singular	plural	plural	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that	The boy that the athletes know engages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the carpenters discourage stimulates the fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The boy that the carpenters stimulate remembers the uncles	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	remember
objrel_that	The boy that the doctors approve avoids the farmers	singular	plural	plural	approves	avoid
objrel_that	The boy that the doctors approve criticizes the kids	singular	plural	plural	approves	criticize
objrel_that	The boy that the doctors criticize inspires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that	The boy that the doctors stimulate approves the aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	approve
objrel_that	The boy that the farmers criticize avoids the women	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that	The boy that the fathers admire confuses the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admires	confuse
objrel_that	The boy that the fathers observe admires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	observes	admire
objrel_that	The boy that the friends inspire engages the singers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the friends stimulate confuses the guys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that	The boy that the girls encourage approves the aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel_that	The boy that the girls encourage inspires the mothers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	inspire
objrel_that	The boy that the girls observe discourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	observes	discourage
objrel_that	The boy that the girls observe knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel_that	The boy that the girls remember admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	remembers	admire
objrel_that	The boy that the guys know admires the victims	singular	plural	plural	knows	admire
objrel_that	The boy that the kids engage observes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel_that	The boy that the lawyers approve discourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that	The boy that the lawyers confuse avoids the guys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	avoid
objrel_that	The boy that the lawyers greet remembers the friends	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel_that	The boy that the lawyers understand stimulates the singers	singular	plural	plural	understands	stimulate
objrel_that	The boy that the men criticize stimulates the farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_that	The boy that the men inspire admires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	admire
objrel_that	The boy that the men inspire confuses the farmers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	confuse
objrel_that	The boy that the mothers encourage knows the friends	singular	plural	plural	encourages	know
objrel_that	The boy that the mothers greet encourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	greets	encourage
objrel_that	The boy that the mothers greet stimulates the athletes	singular	plural	plural	greets	stimulate
objrel_that	The boy that the poets approve understands the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_that	The boy that the poets confuse encourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	confuses	encourage
objrel_that	The boy that the poets confuse greets the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	confuses	greet
objrel_that	The boy that the poets observe remembers the athletes	singular	plural	plural	observes	remember
objrel_that	The boy that the poets understand remembers the men	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel_that	The boy that the singers approve stimulates the guys	singular	plural	plural	approves	stimulate
objrel_that	The boy that the teachers avoid greets the poets	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_that	The boy that the teachers discourage admires the women	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel_that	The boy that the teachers know stimulates the aunts	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel_that	The boy that the uncles understand encourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	understands	encourage
objrel_that	The boy that the victims inspire remembers the men	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel_that	The boy that the victims stimulate criticizes the guys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	criticize
objrel_that	The carpenter that the athletes approve criticizes the men	singular	plural	plural	approves	criticize
objrel_that	The carpenter that the athletes approve understands the farmers	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_that	The carpenter that the aunts admire confuses the singers	singular	plural	plural	admires	confuse
objrel_that	The carpenter that the aunts inspire encourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	inspires	encourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the boys encourage criticizes the girls	singular	plural	plural	encourages	criticize
objrel_that	The carpenter that the boys remember observes the kids	singular	plural	plural	remembers	observe
objrel_that	The carpenter that the doctors avoid discourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the farmers know admires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	knows	admire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the fathers approve admires the guys	singular	plural	plural	approves	admire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the fathers approve stimulates the singers	singular	plural	plural	approves	stimulate
objrel_that	The carpenter that the fathers understand stimulates the kids	singular	plural	plural	understands	stimulate
objrel_that	The carpenter that the girls avoid encourages the friends	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the girls greet approves the victims	singular	plural	plural	greets	approve
objrel_that	The carpenter that the girls remember confuses the boys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	confuse
objrel_that	The carpenter that the guys criticize admires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	admire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the guys observe admires the singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	admire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the kids criticize confuses the guys	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	confuse
objrel_that	The carpenter that the kids observe confuses the poets	singular	plural	plural	observes	confuse
objrel_that	The carpenter that the kids understand avoids the teachers	singular	plural	plural	understands	avoid
objrel_that	The carpenter that the lawyers criticize observes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	observe
objrel_that	The carpenter that the lawyers criticize remembers the boys	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	remember
objrel_that	The carpenter that the lawyers observe greets the doctors	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel_that	The carpenter that the mothers discourage engages the boys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the mothers observe greets the women	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel_that	The carpenter that the poets greet avoids the athletes	singular	plural	plural	greets	avoid
objrel_that	The carpenter that the poets greet stimulates the doctors	singular	plural	plural	greets	stimulate
objrel_that	The carpenter that the singers admire greets the poets	singular	plural	plural	admires	greet
objrel_that	The carpenter that the singers confuse engages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	confuses	engage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the singers confuse inspires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the teachers confuse avoids the aunts	singular	plural	plural	confuses	avoid
objrel_that	The carpenter that the teachers stimulate understands the friends	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel_that	The carpenter that the uncles inspire greets the aunts	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel_that	The carpenter that the uncles stimulate confuses the doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that	The carpenter that the uncles understand criticizes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel_that	The carpenter that the victims admire knows the women	singular	plural	plural	admires	know
objrel_that	The carpenter that the women admire greets the victims	singular	plural	plural	admires	greet
objrel_that	The carpenter that the women avoid approves the mothers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	approve
objrel_that	The carpenter that the women avoid greets the guys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_that	The carpenter that the women criticize avoids the mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that	The carpenter that the women know discourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	knows	discourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the women stimulate inspires the girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that	The doctor that the athletes confuse knows the girls	singular	plural	plural	confuses	know
objrel_that	The doctor that the athletes criticize confuses the kids	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	confuse
objrel_that	The doctor that the aunts confuse stimulates the farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that	The doctor that the boys approve admires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	approves	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the boys encourage confuses the guys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	confuse
objrel_that	The doctor that the carpenters avoid discourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the farmers engage criticizes the kids	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel_that	The doctor that the fathers criticize avoids the kids	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that	The doctor that the fathers encourage greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	greet
objrel_that	The doctor that the friends criticize confuses the teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	confuse
objrel_that	The doctor that the girls discourage avoids the farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	avoid
objrel_that	The doctor that the girls engage discourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	engages	discourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the guys inspire remembers the men	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel_that	The doctor that the kids encourage understands the boys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	understand
objrel_that	The doctor that the kids know understands the fathers	singular	plural	plural	knows	understand
objrel_that	The doctor that the kids observe confuses the fathers	singular	plural	plural	observes	confuse
objrel_that	The doctor that the kids remember observes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	observe
objrel_that	The doctor that the kids stimulate greets the men	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel_that	The doctor that the men stimulate avoids the kids	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	avoid
objrel_that	The doctor that the mothers admire inspires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admires	inspire
objrel_that	The doctor that the mothers approve discourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the mothers criticize encourages the men	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the mothers greet admires the guys	singular	plural	plural	greets	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the poets observe knows the girls	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel_that	The doctor that the singers avoid encourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the singers engage remembers the teachers	singular	plural	plural	engages	remember
objrel_that	The doctor that the teachers confuse greets the athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuses	greet
objrel_that	The doctor that the teachers remember stimulates the girls	singular	plural	plural	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that	The doctor that the teachers stimulate encourages the women	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the uncles avoid remembers the aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoids	remember
objrel_that	The doctor that the uncles discourage engages the men	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel_that	The doctor that the uncles discourage remembers the fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	remember
objrel_that	The doctor that the uncles engage understands the girls	singular	plural	plural	engages	understand
objrel_that	The doctor that the uncles understand criticizes the victims	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel_that	The farmer that the athletes avoid observes the boys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	observe
objrel_that	The farmer that the athletes confuse observes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	observe
objrel_that	The farmer that the athletes inspire knows the kids	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel_that	The farmer that the athletes observe confuses the girls	singular	plural	plural	observes	confuse
objrel_that	The farmer that the aunts greet remembers the doctors	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the aunts observe knows the guys	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel_that	The farmer that the boys greet remembers the singers	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the boys observe greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel_that	The farmer that the doctors confuse criticizes the poets	singular	plural	plural	confuses	criticize
objrel_that	The farmer that the doctors understand observes the women	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel_that	The farmer that the fathers criticize encourages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the fathers encourage stimulates the athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The farmer that the friends observe approves the women	singular	plural	plural	observes	approve
objrel_that	The farmer that the girls admire avoids the doctors	singular	plural	plural	admires	avoid
objrel_that	The farmer that the girls approve remembers the men	singular	plural	plural	approves	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the girls criticize encourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the guys know greets the doctors	singular	plural	plural	knows	greet
objrel_that	The farmer that the guys stimulate engages the friends	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	engage
objrel_that	The farmer that the kids approve discourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the lawyers avoid inspires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel_that	The farmer that the lawyers engage inspires the guys	singular	plural	plural	engages	inspire
objrel_that	The farmer that the men approve observes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approves	observe
objrel_that	The farmer that the men understand admires the boys	singular	plural	plural	understands	admire
objrel_that	The farmer that the mothers greet confuses the victims	singular	plural	plural	greets	confuse
objrel_that	The farmer that the mothers inspire criticizes the men	singular	plural	plural	inspires	criticize
objrel_that	The farmer that the poets inspire approves the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	approve
objrel_that	The farmer that the singers encourage admires the poets	singular	plural	plural	encourages	admire
objrel_that	The farmer that the teachers admire greets the boys	singular	plural	plural	admires	greet
objrel_that	The farmer that the teachers avoid confuses the guys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	confuse
objrel_that	The farmer that the teachers avoid stimulates the poets	singular	plural	plural	avoids	stimulate
objrel_that	The farmer that the teachers stimulate inspires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that	The farmer that the uncles admire confuses the kids	singular	plural	plural	admires	confuse
objrel_that	The farmer that the uncles approve admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	approves	admire
objrel_that	The farmer that the uncles confuse discourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	confuses	discourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the victims admire criticizes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	admires	criticize
objrel_that	The farmer that the victims confuse approves the singers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	approve
objrel_that	The farmer that the women encourage admires the men	singular	plural	plural	encourages	admire
objrel_that	The farmer that the women stimulate avoids the boys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	avoid
objrel_that	The farmer that the women stimulate remembers the teachers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the women understand discourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the aunts approve stimulates the victims	singular	plural	plural	approves	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the aunts confuse stimulates the poets	singular	plural	plural	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the aunts greet inspires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	greets	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the boys criticize knows the men	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	know
objrel_that	The father that the boys know discourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	knows	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the boys know observes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	knows	observe
objrel_that	The father that the boys remember engages the friends	singular	plural	plural	remembers	engage
objrel_that	The father that the carpenters approve knows the farmers	singular	plural	plural	approves	know
objrel_that	The father that the carpenters avoid approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	avoids	approve
objrel_that	The father that the carpenters avoid inspires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the carpenters inspire stimulates the guys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the doctors encourage approves the boys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel_that	The father that the doctors engage remembers the aunts	singular	plural	plural	engages	remember
objrel_that	The father that the doctors observe discourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	observes	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the farmers discourage inspires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the friends avoid inspires the poets	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the friends encourage greets the women	singular	plural	plural	encourages	greet
objrel_that	The father that the friends remember understands the boys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel_that	The father that the girls inspire greets the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel_that	The father that the guys greet criticizes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	greets	criticize
objrel_that	The father that the kids avoid approves the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoids	approve
objrel_that	The father that the kids avoid encourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel_that	The father that the kids criticize admires the singers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	admire
objrel_that	The father that the kids discourage approves the boys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel_that	The father that the kids discourage knows the doctors	singular	plural	plural	discourages	know
objrel_that	The father that the kids encourage observes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourages	observe
objrel_that	The father that the lawyers encourage engages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	engage
objrel_that	The father that the lawyers greet discourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the lawyers stimulate remembers the guys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	remember
objrel_that	The father that the men admire encourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	admires	encourage
objrel_that	The father that the men admire observes the women	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel_that	The father that the men inspire greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel_that	The father that the mothers encourage remembers the athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourages	remember
objrel_that	The father that the mothers inspire greets the guys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel_that	The father that the mothers know observes the kids	singular	plural	plural	knows	observe
objrel_that	The father that the mothers remember confuses the aunts	singular	plural	plural	remembers	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the poets avoid engages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	engage
objrel_that	The father that the singers criticize stimulates the boys	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the singers encourage greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	greet
objrel_that	The father that the singers engage stimulates the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engages	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the singers observe confuses the victims	singular	plural	plural	observes	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the singers stimulate approves the poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	approve
objrel_that	The father that the singers understand approves the guys	singular	plural	plural	understands	approve
objrel_that	The father that the teachers inspire approves the mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	approve
objrel_that	The father that the uncles engage stimulates the farmers	singular	plural	plural	engages	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the uncles greet approves the teachers	singular	plural	plural	greets	approve
objrel_that	The father that the uncles know inspires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the victims confuse engages the men	singular	plural	plural	confuses	engage
objrel_that	The father that the victims inspire admires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspires	admire
objrel_that	The father that the victims observe criticizes the women	singular	plural	plural	observes	criticize
objrel_that	The father that the women admire observes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel_that	The father that the women remember knows the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel_that	The friend that the athletes approve encourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the athletes avoid admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	avoids	admire
objrel_that	The friend that the athletes avoid criticizes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoids	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the athletes avoid inspires the guys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the athletes engage admires the boys	singular	plural	plural	engages	admire
objrel_that	The friend that the athletes stimulate engages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	engage
objrel_that	The friend that the aunts approve criticizes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	approves	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the aunts approve remembers the teachers	singular	plural	plural	approves	remember
objrel_that	The friend that the aunts observe discourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	observes	discourage
objrel_that	The friend that the aunts observe inspires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	observes	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the aunts understand engages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understands	engage
objrel_that	The friend that the boys stimulate criticizes the kids	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the carpenters observe confuses the poets	singular	plural	plural	observes	confuse
objrel_that	The friend that the doctors confuse stimulates the farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that	The friend that the doctors inspire avoids the mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	avoid
objrel_that	The friend that the doctors know avoids the athletes	singular	plural	plural	knows	avoid
objrel_that	The friend that the farmers confuse encourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the farmers greet discourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel_that	The friend that the farmers remember criticizes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the farmers remember criticizes the men	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the fathers approve discourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that	The friend that the fathers avoid inspires the men	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the fathers discourage admires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel_that	The friend that the fathers understand encourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	understands	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the girls stimulate discourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	discourage
objrel_that	The friend that the guys avoid inspires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the guys inspire engages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel_that	The friend that the guys understand criticizes the boys	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the kids admire inspires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admires	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the lawyers admire engages the poets	singular	plural	plural	admires	engage
objrel_that	The friend that the lawyers encourage avoids the doctors	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel_that	The friend that the lawyers encourage stimulates the mothers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The friend that the lawyers inspire encourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspires	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the men avoid greets the victims	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the men inspire discourages the poets	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel_that	The friend that the mothers remember criticizes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the mothers understand stimulates the men	singular	plural	plural	understands	stimulate
objrel_that	The friend that the poets approve greets the singers	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the poets greet engages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	greets	engage
objrel_that	The friend that the poets observe greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the poets understand inspires the guys	singular	plural	plural	understands	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the singers admire engages the poets	singular	plural	plural	admires	engage
objrel_that	The friend that the teachers confuse avoids the women	singular	plural	plural	confuses	avoid
objrel_that	The friend that the teachers encourage criticizes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourages	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the teachers understand knows the kids	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel_that	The friend that the uncles encourage observes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	observe
objrel_that	The friend that the uncles observe approves the girls	singular	plural	plural	observes	approve
objrel_that	The friend that the uncles stimulate observes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	observe
objrel_that	The friend that the victims approve remembers the teachers	singular	plural	plural	approves	remember
objrel_that	The friend that the victims engage remembers the aunts	singular	plural	plural	engages	remember
objrel_that	The friend that the victims greet confuses the girls	singular	plural	plural	greets	confuse
objrel_that	The friend that the victims know inspires the women	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the women confuse discourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuses	discourage
objrel_that	The friend that the women engage knows the aunts	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel_that	The friend that the women engage knows the fathers	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel_that	The girl that the athletes admire stimulates the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admires	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the aunts avoid observes the poets	singular	plural	plural	avoids	observe
objrel_that	The girl that the aunts encourage stimulates the fathers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the boys criticize approves the mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	approve
objrel_that	The girl that the boys encourage confuses the friends	singular	plural	plural	encourages	confuse
objrel_that	The girl that the boys engage encourages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engages	encourage
objrel_that	The girl that the carpenters admire confuses the guys	singular	plural	plural	admires	confuse
objrel_that	The girl that the carpenters admire stimulates the athletes	singular	plural	plural	admires	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the carpenters know admires the poets	singular	plural	plural	knows	admire
objrel_that	The girl that the doctors know encourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	knows	encourage
objrel_that	The girl that the farmers engage remembers the kids	singular	plural	plural	engages	remember
objrel_that	The girl that the fathers discourage encourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	discourages	encourage
objrel_that	The girl that the fathers inspire greets the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel_that	The girl that the fathers remember approves the athletes	singular	plural	plural	remembers	approve
objrel_that	The girl that the friends inspire observes the singers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	observe
objrel_that	The girl that the friends observe discourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	observes	discourage
objrel_that	The girl that the guys observe greets the poets	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel_that	The girl that the kids approve engages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	approves	engage
objrel_that	The girl that the kids approve remembers the guys	singular	plural	plural	approves	remember
objrel_that	The girl that the kids approve understands the doctors	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_that	The girl that the kids confuse engages the singers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	engage
objrel_that	The girl that the kids criticize approves the victims	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	approve
objrel_that	The girl that the kids remember understands the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel_that	The girl that the kids understand observes the men	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel_that	The girl that the kids understand remembers the athletes	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel_that	The girl that the lawyers approve confuses the farmers	singular	plural	plural	approves	confuse
objrel_that	The girl that the lawyers avoid remembers the mothers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	remember
objrel_that	The girl that the lawyers engage stimulates the boys	singular	plural	plural	engages	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the men confuse knows the athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuses	know
objrel_that	The girl that the men discourage greets the fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel_that	The girl that the mothers avoid understands the men	singular	plural	plural	avoids	understand
objrel_that	The girl that the mothers discourage approves the doctors	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel_that	The girl that the poets criticize discourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	discourage
objrel_that	The girl that the poets criticize encourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that	The girl that the singers approve criticizes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	approves	criticize
objrel_that	The girl that the singers understand confuses the friends	singular	plural	plural	understands	confuse
objrel_that	The girl that the teachers stimulate greets the mothers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel_that	The girl that the uncles encourage observes the kids	singular	plural	plural	encourages	observe
objrel_that	The girl that the uncles observe understands the farmers	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel_that	The girl that the victims greet observes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel_that	The girl that the victims inspire encourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	inspires	encourage
objrel_that	The girl that the victims remember approves the doctors	singular	plural	plural	remembers	approve
objrel_that	The girl that the victims stimulate avoids the athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	avoid
objrel_that	The girl that the women approve understands the aunts	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_that	The girl that the women encourage discourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourages	discourage
objrel_that	The girl that the women remember discourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	discourage
objrel_that	The girl that the women understand observes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel_that	The guy that the athletes approve greets the mothers	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that	The guy that the athletes confuse greets the mothers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	greet
objrel_that	The guy that the aunts approve encourages the poets	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the aunts observe encourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	observes	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the boys encourage inspires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	inspire
objrel_that	The guy that the carpenters admire approves the kids	singular	plural	plural	admires	approve
objrel_that	The guy that the carpenters confuse knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	know
objrel_that	The guy that the carpenters greet avoids the aunts	singular	plural	plural	greets	avoid
objrel_that	The guy that the carpenters remember criticizes the fathers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel_that	The guy that the doctors inspire encourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	inspires	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the doctors observe stimulates the farmers	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel_that	The guy that the farmers avoid discourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel_that	The guy that the farmers discourage criticizes the kids	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel_that	The guy that the fathers confuse knows the aunts	singular	plural	plural	confuses	know
objrel_that	The guy that the friends confuse admires the kids	singular	plural	plural	confuses	admire
objrel_that	The guy that the friends inspire stimulates the farmers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that	The guy that the friends understand knows the poets	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel_that	The guy that the girls inspire admires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	admire
objrel_that	The guy that the kids approve encourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the kids avoid observes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	observe
objrel_that	The guy that the kids remember admires the poets	singular	plural	plural	remembers	admire
objrel_that	The guy that the kids remember understands the singers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel_that	The guy that the kids stimulate avoids the singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	avoid
objrel_that	The guy that the lawyers encourage observes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourages	observe
objrel_that	The guy that the men encourage admires the singers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	admire
objrel_that	The guy that the men remember encourages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the mothers encourage discourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	discourage
objrel_that	The guy that the mothers know remembers the victims	singular	plural	plural	knows	remember
objrel_that	The guy that the poets remember admires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	remembers	admire
objrel_that	The guy that the poets stimulate understands the men	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel_that	The guy that the singers inspire engages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel_that	The guy that the teachers confuse approves the singers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	approve
objrel_that	The guy that the teachers engage avoids the girls	singular	plural	plural	engages	avoid
objrel_that	The guy that the teachers observe encourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	observes	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the uncles inspire understands the fathers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	understand
objrel_that	The guy that the uncles understand observes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel_that	The guy that the victims admire encourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	admires	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the victims admire observes the kids	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel_that	The guy that the victims approve criticizes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	approves	criticize
objrel_that	The guy that the victims approve encourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the victims engage admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	engages	admire
objrel_that	The guy that the victims stimulate confuses the doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that	The guy that the victims stimulate confuses the women	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that	The guy that the women criticize encourages the men	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the women discourage engages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel_that	The guy that the women engage remembers the aunts	singular	plural	plural	engages	remember
objrel_that	The guy that the women observe avoids the mothers	singular	plural	plural	observes	avoid
objrel_that	The guy that the women remember engages the girls	singular	plural	plural	remembers	engage
objrel_that	The kid that the athletes admire remembers the friends	singular	plural	plural	admires	remember
objrel_that	The kid that the aunts admire greets the friends	singular	plural	plural	admires	greet
objrel_that	The kid that the aunts observe criticizes the singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	criticize
objrel_that	The kid that the boys engage observes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel_that	The kid that the boys observe inspires the guys	singular	plural	plural	observes	inspire
objrel_that	The kid that the boys remember admires the victims	singular	plural	plural	remembers	admire
objrel_that	The kid that the boys understand encourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understands	encourage
objrel_that	The kid that the carpenters admire engages the victims	singular	plural	plural	admires	engage
objrel_that	The kid that the carpenters approve criticizes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	approves	criticize
objrel_that	The kid that the carpenters avoid stimulates the singers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	stimulate
objrel_that	The kid that the carpenters confuse stimulates the doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that	The kid that the carpenters engage admires the friends	singular	plural	plural	engages	admire
objrel_that	The kid that the carpenters know inspires the girls	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel_that	The kid that the doctors avoid inspires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel_that	The kid that the doctors remember inspires the friends	singular	plural	plural	remembers	inspire
objrel_that	The kid that the fathers admire understands the doctors	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel_that	The kid that the fathers criticize remembers the friends	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	remember
objrel_that	The kid that the fathers engage observes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel_that	The kid that the girls observe stimulates the guys	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel_that	The kid that the guys engage encourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	engages	encourage
objrel_that	The kid that the lawyers admire avoids the farmers	singular	plural	plural	admires	avoid
objrel_that	The kid that the lawyers engage knows the poets	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel_that	The kid that the lawyers greet discourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel_that	The kid that the lawyers inspire engages the singers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel_that	The kid that the men discourage understands the uncles	singular	plural	plural	discourages	understand
objrel_that	The kid that the men greet discourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel_that	The kid that the men remember avoids the teachers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	avoid
objrel_that	The kid that the men stimulate discourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	discourage
objrel_that	The kid that the men understand encourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	understands	encourage
objrel_that	The kid that the mothers greet encourages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	greets	encourage
objrel_that	The kid that the poets encourage observes the singers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	observe
objrel_that	The kid that the poets know discourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	knows	discourage
objrel_that	The kid that the singers admire engages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	admires	engage
objrel_that	The kid that the singers avoid discourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel_that	The kid that the singers criticize observes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	observe
objrel_that	The kid that the singers encourage knows the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	encourages	know
objrel_that	The kid that the singers remember understands the men	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel_that	The kid that the teachers avoid knows the men	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel_that	The kid that the teachers avoid observes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	observe
objrel_that	The kid that the teachers remember criticizes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel_that	The kid that the teachers remember discourages the men	singular	plural	plural	remembers	discourage
objrel_that	The kid that the teachers stimulate confuses the aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that	The kid that the uncles know greets the farmers	singular	plural	plural	knows	greet
objrel_that	The kid that the uncles stimulate observes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	observe
objrel_that	The kid that the victims avoid greets the poets	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_that	The kid that the victims avoid remembers the friends	singular	plural	plural	avoids	remember
objrel_that	The kid that the victims inspire approves the athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspires	approve
objrel_that	The kid that the victims stimulate discourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	discourage
objrel_that	The kid that the women admire approves the aunts	singular	plural	plural	admires	approve
objrel_that	The kid that the women engage understands the uncles	singular	plural	plural	engages	understand
objrel_that	The kid that the women observe confuses the teachers	singular	plural	plural	observes	confuse
objrel_that	The lawyer that the athletes avoid confuses the kids	singular	plural	plural	avoids	confuse
objrel_that	The lawyer that the athletes discourage remembers the aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourages	remember
objrel_that	The lawyer that the athletes know discourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	knows	discourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the athletes remember discourages the women	singular	plural	plural	remembers	discourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the aunts engage confuses the victims	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel_that	The lawyer that the aunts inspire engages the singers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the aunts know confuses the men	singular	plural	plural	knows	confuse
objrel_that	The lawyer that the boys admire encourages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admires	encourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the boys inspire criticizes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	criticize
objrel_that	The lawyer that the carpenters remember stimulates the athletes	singular	plural	plural	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that	The lawyer that the doctors confuse avoids the athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuses	avoid
objrel_that	The lawyer that the doctors criticize encourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the doctors remember inspires the women	singular	plural	plural	remembers	inspire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the farmers greet observes the men	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the fathers observe encourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	observes	encourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the fathers observe understands the singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the fathers stimulate knows the athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the girls confuse observes the singers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the girls stimulate avoids the aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	avoid
objrel_that	The lawyer that the girls understand observes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the guys criticize remembers the athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	remember
objrel_that	The lawyer that the guys engage observes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the kids understand knows the girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the men approve greets the victims	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that	The lawyer that the men confuse criticizes the girls	singular	plural	plural	confuses	criticize
objrel_that	The lawyer that the men confuse knows the singers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the men inspire engages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the mothers confuse inspires the guys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the mothers confuse inspires the women	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the mothers discourage approves the men	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel_that	The lawyer that the mothers know stimulates the aunts	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel_that	The lawyer that the mothers observe inspires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	observes	inspire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the mothers stimulate encourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the poets avoid criticizes the guys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	criticize
objrel_that	The lawyer that the poets discourage inspires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the poets greet encourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	greets	encourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the singers avoid confuses the doctors	singular	plural	plural	avoids	confuse
objrel_that	The lawyer that the singers encourage confuses the poets	singular	plural	plural	encourages	confuse
objrel_that	The lawyer that the singers know engages the friends	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the singers observe criticizes the poets	singular	plural	plural	observes	criticize
objrel_that	The lawyer that the singers understand observes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the teachers discourage greets the men	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel_that	The lawyer that the teachers greet admires the boys	singular	plural	plural	greets	admire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the teachers remember stimulates the mothers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that	The lawyer that the teachers stimulate understands the kids	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the uncles approve confuses the victims	singular	plural	plural	approves	confuse
objrel_that	The lawyer that the uncles discourage admires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the uncles engage observes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the uncles engage observes the victims	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the uncles inspire knows the teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the victims criticize engages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	engage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the victims encourage admires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourages	admire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the women confuse greets the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	confuses	greet
objrel_that	The lawyer that the women confuse knows the doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuses	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the women engage knows the guys	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel_that	The man that the athletes greet observes the poets	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel_that	The man that the aunts admire encourages the women	singular	plural	plural	admires	encourage
objrel_that	The man that the aunts approve avoids the doctors	singular	plural	plural	approves	avoid
objrel_that	The man that the aunts approve discourages the poets	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the aunts inspire knows the guys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel_that	The man that the boys confuse inspires the women	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel_that	The man that the carpenters avoid confuses the teachers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	confuse
objrel_that	The man that the carpenters engage confuses the athletes	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel_that	The man that the carpenters know discourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	knows	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the carpenters observe greets the victims	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel_that	The man that the doctors approve encourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that	The man that the doctors criticize greets the guys	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel_that	The man that the doctors criticize inspires the girls	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that	The man that the doctors engage remembers the boys	singular	plural	plural	engages	remember
objrel_that	The man that the doctors greet engages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	greets	engage
objrel_that	The man that the doctors observe approves the mothers	singular	plural	plural	observes	approve
objrel_that	The man that the doctors remember understands the mothers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel_that	The man that the farmers discourage inspires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel_that	The man that the farmers discourage stimulates the teachers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The man that the fathers admire knows the boys	singular	plural	plural	admires	know
objrel_that	The man that the fathers encourage criticizes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	criticize
objrel_that	The man that the fathers remember avoids the teachers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	avoid
objrel_that	The man that the friends admire remembers the victims	singular	plural	plural	admires	remember
objrel_that	The man that the friends criticize discourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the friends inspire approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	inspires	approve
objrel_that	The man that the friends stimulate confuses the mothers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that	The man that the girls discourage encourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	encourage
objrel_that	The man that the guys approve greets the kids	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that	The man that the guys engage approves the girls	singular	plural	plural	engages	approve
objrel_that	The man that the guys inspire confuses the girls	singular	plural	plural	inspires	confuse
objrel_that	The man that the guys know admires the singers	singular	plural	plural	knows	admire
objrel_that	The man that the guys know inspires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel_that	The man that the guys remember discourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	remembers	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the kids engage admires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	engages	admire
objrel_that	The man that the kids understand remembers the women	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel_that	The man that the mothers criticize remembers the boys	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	remember
objrel_that	The man that the mothers encourage avoids the aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel_that	The man that the poets avoid greets the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_that	The man that the poets inspire remembers the fathers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel_that	The man that the poets inspire understands the girls	singular	plural	plural	inspires	understand
objrel_that	The man that the poets know discourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	knows	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the poets observe admires the singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	admire
objrel_that	The man that the singers avoid encourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel_that	The man that the singers greet stimulates the athletes	singular	plural	plural	greets	stimulate
objrel_that	The man that the singers know approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	knows	approve
objrel_that	The man that the singers know greets the mothers	singular	plural	plural	knows	greet
objrel_that	The man that the teachers observe encourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	observes	encourage
objrel_that	The man that the teachers understand observes the fathers	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel_that	The man that the uncles avoid inspires the mothers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel_that	The man that the uncles criticize avoids the teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that	The man that the uncles discourage observes the victims	singular	plural	plural	discourages	observe
objrel_that	The man that the uncles engage avoids the women	singular	plural	plural	engages	avoid
objrel_that	The man that the uncles observe knows the victims	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel_that	The man that the victims greet observes the poets	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel_that	The man that the victims greet understands the aunts	singular	plural	plural	greets	understand
objrel_that	The man that the victims know approves the doctors	singular	plural	plural	knows	approve
objrel_that	The man that the victims know criticizes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	knows	criticize
objrel_that	The man that the victims stimulate understands the women	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel_that	The man that the women admire knows the mothers	singular	plural	plural	admires	know
objrel_that	The man that the women engage remembers the poets	singular	plural	plural	engages	remember
objrel_that	The mother that the athletes criticize greets the kids	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel_that	The mother that the aunts engage approves the men	singular	plural	plural	engages	approve
objrel_that	The mother that the boys discourage observes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourages	observe
objrel_that	The mother that the boys encourage approves the athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel_that	The mother that the boys inspire confuses the men	singular	plural	plural	inspires	confuse
objrel_that	The mother that the carpenters approve encourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that	The mother that the carpenters engage criticizes the girls	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel_that	The mother that the carpenters remember approves the fathers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	approve
objrel_that	The mother that the carpenters understand knows the boys	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel_that	The mother that the doctors encourage avoids the women	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel_that	The mother that the doctors engage discourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	engages	discourage
objrel_that	The mother that the doctors observe greets the men	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel_that	The mother that the farmers avoid encourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel_that	The mother that the farmers engage greets the friends	singular	plural	plural	engages	greet
objrel_that	The mother that the fathers observe stimulates the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel_that	The mother that the friends criticize greets the doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel_that	The mother that the friends greet avoids the guys	singular	plural	plural	greets	avoid
objrel_that	The mother that the friends remember greets the fathers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	greet
objrel_that	The mother that the girls admire confuses the doctors	singular	plural	plural	admires	confuse
objrel_that	The mother that the girls approve avoids the poets	singular	plural	plural	approves	avoid
objrel_that	The mother that the girls encourage inspires the victims	singular	plural	plural	encourages	inspire
objrel_that	The mother that the girls encourage stimulates the victims	singular	plural	plural	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The mother that the girls remember greets the men	singular	plural	plural	remembers	greet
objrel_that	The mother that the guys know understands the doctors	singular	plural	plural	knows	understand
objrel_that	The mother that the kids inspire encourages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	encourage
objrel_that	The mother that the lawyers discourage stimulates the boys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The mother that the lawyers stimulate engages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the men approve admires the victims	singular	plural	plural	approves	admire
objrel_that	The mother that the men discourage observes the boys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	observe
objrel_that	The mother that the men remember criticizes the poets	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel_that	The mother that the men stimulate greets the poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel_that	The mother that the men stimulate inspires the girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that	The mother that the poets observe encourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	encourage
objrel_that	The mother that the poets remember confuses the guys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	confuse
objrel_that	The mother that the poets understand criticizes the victims	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel_that	The mother that the singers admire observes the victims	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel_that	The mother that the singers criticize admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	admire
objrel_that	The mother that the singers stimulate discourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	discourage
objrel_that	The mother that the teachers criticize understands the boys	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	understand
objrel_that	The mother that the teachers observe engages the victims	singular	plural	plural	observes	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the uncles remember approves the singers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	approve
objrel_that	The mother that the victims remember stimulates the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that	The mother that the victims understand observes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel_that	The mother that the women admire knows the boys	singular	plural	plural	admires	know
objrel_that	The mother that the women observe understands the fathers	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel_that	The poet that the athletes admire encourages the men	singular	plural	plural	admires	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the athletes stimulate knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel_that	The poet that the aunts observe knows the friends	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel_that	The poet that the boys approve encourages the men	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the boys stimulate avoids the singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	avoid
objrel_that	The poet that the boys stimulate greets the kids	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel_that	The poet that the carpenters understand engages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	understands	engage
objrel_that	The poet that the doctors approve confuses the women	singular	plural	plural	approves	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the doctors approve inspires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	approves	inspire
objrel_that	The poet that the doctors criticize encourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the doctors understand admires the mothers	singular	plural	plural	understands	admire
objrel_that	The poet that the farmers remember approves the athletes	singular	plural	plural	remembers	approve
objrel_that	The poet that the fathers admire stimulates the mothers	singular	plural	plural	admires	stimulate
objrel_that	The poet that the fathers engage observes the men	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel_that	The poet that the fathers greet avoids the kids	singular	plural	plural	greets	avoid
objrel_that	The poet that the fathers inspire discourages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel_that	The poet that the fathers understand avoids the girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	avoid
objrel_that	The poet that the fathers understand knows the athletes	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel_that	The poet that the friends criticize understands the doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	understand
objrel_that	The poet that the friends observe encourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	observes	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the girls criticize stimulates the uncles	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_that	The poet that the girls discourage confuses the guys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the girls observe understands the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel_that	The poet that the kids admire engages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	admires	engage
objrel_that	The poet that the kids understand confuses the girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the lawyers avoid remembers the fathers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	remember
objrel_that	The poet that the men approve admires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	approves	admire
objrel_that	The poet that the men confuse observes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	observe
objrel_that	The poet that the men criticize greets the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel_that	The poet that the men discourage admires the women	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel_that	The poet that the men discourage avoids the women	singular	plural	plural	discourages	avoid
objrel_that	The poet that the men inspire confuses the women	singular	plural	plural	inspires	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the men inspire remembers the victims	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel_that	The poet that the men know understands the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	knows	understand
objrel_that	The poet that the men stimulate approves the guys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	approve
objrel_that	The poet that the men understand engages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	understands	engage
objrel_that	The poet that the mothers approve greets the guys	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that	The poet that the mothers approve greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that	The poet that the mothers avoid discourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel_that	The poet that the mothers confuse remembers the victims	singular	plural	plural	confuses	remember
objrel_that	The poet that the singers admire greets the uncles	singular	plural	plural	admires	greet
objrel_that	The poet that the singers confuse understands the women	singular	plural	plural	confuses	understand
objrel_that	The poet that the singers encourage engages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourages	engage
objrel_that	The poet that the singers engage criticizes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel_that	The poet that the singers greet encourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	greets	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the singers observe confuses the kids	singular	plural	plural	observes	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the teachers stimulate knows the aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel_that	The poet that the uncles admire observes the men	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel_that	The poet that the uncles avoid approves the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	approve
objrel_that	The poet that the uncles criticize greets the kids	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel_that	The poet that the victims observe stimulates the women	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel_that	The poet that the women admire observes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel_that	The poet that the women greet encourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	greets	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the women understand admires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understands	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the athletes approve understands the aunts	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the athletes criticize admires the men	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the athletes discourage criticizes the boys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel_that	The singer that the athletes know criticizes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	knows	criticize
objrel_that	The singer that the athletes understand knows the teachers	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel_that	The singer that the aunts confuse engages the boys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	engage
objrel_that	The singer that the aunts inspire discourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel_that	The singer that the aunts remember admires the poets	singular	plural	plural	remembers	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the carpenters engage inspires the kids	singular	plural	plural	engages	inspire
objrel_that	The singer that the carpenters observe understands the doctors	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the carpenters remember avoids the friends	singular	plural	plural	remembers	avoid
objrel_that	The singer that the farmers criticize remembers the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	remember
objrel_that	The singer that the farmers engage criticizes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel_that	The singer that the farmers engage stimulates the kids	singular	plural	plural	engages	stimulate
objrel_that	The singer that the farmers greet approves the fathers	singular	plural	plural	greets	approve
objrel_that	The singer that the farmers remember understands the women	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the farmers stimulate approves the victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	approve
objrel_that	The singer that the fathers confuse engages the kids	singular	plural	plural	confuses	engage
objrel_that	The singer that the fathers discourage observes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	observe
objrel_that	The singer that the fathers inspire understands the kids	singular	plural	plural	inspires	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the friends know understands the aunts	singular	plural	plural	knows	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the girls admire criticizes the women	singular	plural	plural	admires	criticize
objrel_that	The singer that the girls admire greets the guys	singular	plural	plural	admires	greet
objrel_that	The singer that the girls avoid admires the guys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the girls engage criticizes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel_that	The singer that the girls know admires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	knows	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the guys discourage encourages the women	singular	plural	plural	discourages	encourage
objrel_that	The singer that the kids confuse inspires the girls	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel_that	The singer that the kids criticize understands the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the lawyers avoid stimulates the doctors	singular	plural	plural	avoids	stimulate
objrel_that	The singer that the men admire engages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admires	engage
objrel_that	The singer that the men approve stimulates the women	singular	plural	plural	approves	stimulate
objrel_that	The singer that the men avoid criticizes the women	singular	plural	plural	avoids	criticize
objrel_that	The singer that the men criticize admires the friends	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the men discourage stimulates the fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The singer that the men inspire understands the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	inspires	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the mothers encourage greets the poets	singular	plural	plural	encourages	greet
objrel_that	The singer that the mothers stimulate greets the guys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel_that	The singer that the poets confuse avoids the friends	singular	plural	plural	confuses	avoid
objrel_that	The singer that the poets encourage engages the victims	singular	plural	plural	encourages	engage
objrel_that	The singer that the poets encourage remembers the men	singular	plural	plural	encourages	remember
objrel_that	The singer that the poets stimulate encourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that	The singer that the teachers confuse discourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuses	discourage
objrel_that	The singer that the teachers criticize remembers the athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	remember
objrel_that	The singer that the uncles inspire engages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel_that	The singer that the uncles understand criticizes the guys	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel_that	The singer that the victims discourage criticizes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel_that	The singer that the victims greet understands the women	singular	plural	plural	greets	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the women approve discourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that	The singer that the women approve understands the friends	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the women avoid greets the athletes	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_that	The singer that the women criticize encourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the athletes approve knows the fathers	singular	plural	plural	approves	know
objrel_that	The teacher that the athletes confuse criticizes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	confuses	criticize
objrel_that	The teacher that the athletes observe encourages the women	singular	plural	plural	observes	encourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the athletes understand discourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the athletes understand knows the boys	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel_that	The teacher that the aunts admire remembers the doctors	singular	plural	plural	admires	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the aunts admire remembers the farmers	singular	plural	plural	admires	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the aunts encourage admires the boys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	admire
objrel_that	The teacher that the aunts engage avoids the friends	singular	plural	plural	engages	avoid
objrel_that	The teacher that the boys inspire confuses the friends	singular	plural	plural	inspires	confuse
objrel_that	The teacher that the carpenters encourage discourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	discourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the carpenters observe inspires the mothers	singular	plural	plural	observes	inspire
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctors criticize avoids the men	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	avoid
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctors understand inspires the kids	singular	plural	plural	understands	inspire
objrel_that	The teacher that the farmers avoid admires the girls	singular	plural	plural	avoids	admire
objrel_that	The teacher that the farmers avoid engages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	avoids	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the fathers encourage admires the men	singular	plural	plural	encourages	admire
objrel_that	The teacher that the friends remember stimulates the farmers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that	The teacher that the girls encourage greets the boys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	greet
objrel_that	The teacher that the girls encourage stimulates the victims	singular	plural	plural	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The teacher that the girls engage criticizes the men	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel_that	The teacher that the guys admire criticizes the boys	singular	plural	plural	admires	criticize
objrel_that	The teacher that the guys avoid knows the athletes	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel_that	The teacher that the guys encourage avoids the poets	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel_that	The teacher that the guys observe encourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	observes	encourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the kids criticize greets the women	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel_that	The teacher that the kids encourage avoids the uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel_that	The teacher that the kids observe confuses the boys	singular	plural	plural	observes	confuse
objrel_that	The teacher that the kids understand greets the victims	singular	plural	plural	understands	greet
objrel_that	The teacher that the lawyers know criticizes the singers	singular	plural	plural	knows	criticize
objrel_that	The teacher that the lawyers know encourages the women	singular	plural	plural	knows	encourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the lawyers stimulate inspires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that	The teacher that the men criticize discourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	discourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the men stimulate remembers the guys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the men understand observes the guys	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel_that	The teacher that the mothers avoid remembers the athletes	singular	plural	plural	avoids	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the mothers encourage inspires the boys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	inspire
objrel_that	The teacher that the poets approve discourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the poets encourage greets the doctors	singular	plural	plural	encourages	greet
objrel_that	The teacher that the poets inspire knows the athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel_that	The teacher that the poets know approves the friends	singular	plural	plural	knows	approve
objrel_that	The teacher that the poets observe remembers the singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the singers approve observes the fathers	singular	plural	plural	approves	observe
objrel_that	The teacher that the singers greet criticizes the women	singular	plural	plural	greets	criticize
objrel_that	The teacher that the singers remember discourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	discourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the singers remember stimulates the friends	singular	plural	plural	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that	The teacher that the singers stimulate greets the mothers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel_that	The teacher that the uncles avoid remembers the singers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the uncles criticize admires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	admire
objrel_that	The teacher that the uncles stimulate greets the athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel_that	The teacher that the victims criticize encourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the victims discourage admires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel_that	The teacher that the victims discourage engages the women	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the victims engage remembers the uncles	singular	plural	plural	engages	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the women know understands the aunts	singular	plural	plural	knows	understand
objrel_that	The uncle that the athletes approve admires the singers	singular	plural	plural	approves	admire
objrel_that	The uncle that the athletes encourage knows the aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourages	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the athletes inspire knows the kids	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunts approve knows the poets	singular	plural	plural	approves	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunts discourage knows the singers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunts observe stimulates the guys	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunts understand criticizes the guys	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunts understand knows the mothers	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the boys observe inspires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	observes	inspire
objrel_that	The uncle that the carpenters avoid admires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	admire
objrel_that	The uncle that the carpenters discourage stimulates the poets	singular	plural	plural	discourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the doctors inspire approves the poets	singular	plural	plural	inspires	approve
objrel_that	The uncle that the doctors understand inspires the kids	singular	plural	plural	understands	inspire
objrel_that	The uncle that the doctors understand stimulates the boys	singular	plural	plural	understands	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the farmers discourage approves the girls	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel_that	The uncle that the farmers understand greets the fathers	singular	plural	plural	understands	greet
objrel_that	The uncle that the fathers avoid approves the men	singular	plural	plural	avoids	approve
objrel_that	The uncle that the fathers engage understands the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engages	understand
objrel_that	The uncle that the friends avoid engages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoids	engage
objrel_that	The uncle that the friends discourage stimulates the fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the friends greet understands the singers	singular	plural	plural	greets	understand
objrel_that	The uncle that the girls admire observes the victims	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel_that	The uncle that the girls stimulate discourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	discourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the guys greet observes the friends	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel_that	The uncle that the guys observe knows the poets	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the guys remember avoids the poets	singular	plural	plural	remembers	avoid
objrel_that	The uncle that the kids understand criticizes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel_that	The uncle that the lawyers discourage knows the farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the lawyers greet approves the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	greets	approve
objrel_that	The uncle that the lawyers observe engages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	observes	engage
objrel_that	The uncle that the men admire stimulates the farmers	singular	plural	plural	admires	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the men criticize remembers the victims	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	remember
objrel_that	The uncle that the men discourage admires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel_that	The uncle that the men know discourages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	knows	discourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the mothers admire inspires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	admires	inspire
objrel_that	The uncle that the mothers discourage understands the aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourages	understand
objrel_that	The uncle that the mothers engage knows the friends	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the poets discourage confuses the teachers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	confuse
objrel_that	The uncle that the poets engage confuses the kids	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel_that	The uncle that the poets observe discourages the women	singular	plural	plural	observes	discourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the singers approve encourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the singers criticize inspires the poets	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that	The uncle that the singers greet discourages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the singers know inspires the guys	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel_that	The uncle that the teachers admire confuses the singers	singular	plural	plural	admires	confuse
objrel_that	The uncle that the teachers approve engages the guys	singular	plural	plural	approves	engage
objrel_that	The uncle that the teachers stimulate remembers the victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	remember
objrel_that	The uncle that the victims avoid greets the men	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_that	The uncle that the victims discourage admires the kids	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel_that	The uncle that the victims inspire stimulates the poets	singular	plural	plural	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the victims stimulate encourages the friends	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the victims understand admires the women	singular	plural	plural	understands	admire
objrel_that	The uncle that the women criticize engages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	engage
objrel_that	The uncle that the women encourage greets the guys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	greet
objrel_that	The uncle that the women greet stimulates the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greets	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the athletes inspire engages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel_that	The victim that the aunts avoid confuses the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	confuse
objrel_that	The victim that the aunts discourage criticizes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel_that	The victim that the boys discourage admires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel_that	The victim that the boys understand encourages the men	singular	plural	plural	understands	encourage
objrel_that	The victim that the carpenters confuse encourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	confuses	encourage
objrel_that	The victim that the doctors greet inspires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	greets	inspire
objrel_that	The victim that the doctors observe criticizes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	observes	criticize
objrel_that	The victim that the farmers encourage observes the girls	singular	plural	plural	encourages	observe
objrel_that	The victim that the farmers greet understands the mothers	singular	plural	plural	greets	understand
objrel_that	The victim that the farmers inspire observes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	observe
objrel_that	The victim that the farmers remember confuses the poets	singular	plural	plural	remembers	confuse
objrel_that	The victim that the farmers remember stimulates the mothers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the fathers discourage stimulates the boys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the fathers encourage avoids the kids	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel_that	The victim that the fathers inspire approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	inspires	approve
objrel_that	The victim that the fathers remember discourages the men	singular	plural	plural	remembers	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the friends criticize inspires the guys	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that	The victim that the friends greet criticizes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	greets	criticize
objrel_that	The victim that the friends greet observes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel_that	The victim that the friends observe discourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	observes	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the girls approve remembers the uncles	singular	plural	plural	approves	remember
objrel_that	The victim that the girls avoid observes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoids	observe
objrel_that	The victim that the girls stimulate greets the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel_that	The victim that the guys admire inspires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admires	inspire
objrel_that	The victim that the guys criticize encourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that	The victim that the guys greet stimulates the mothers	singular	plural	plural	greets	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the guys know confuses the mothers	singular	plural	plural	knows	confuse
objrel_that	The victim that the guys know engages the boys	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel_that	The victim that the guys know understands the friends	singular	plural	plural	knows	understand
objrel_that	The victim that the kids discourage observes the guys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	observe
objrel_that	The victim that the kids encourage remembers the uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourages	remember
objrel_that	The victim that the kids engage knows the boys	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel_that	The victim that the kids greet knows the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	greets	know
objrel_that	The victim that the kids understand stimulates the aunts	singular	plural	plural	understands	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the lawyers criticize engages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	engage
objrel_that	The victim that the lawyers remember discourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the lawyers remember encourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	encourage
objrel_that	The victim that the lawyers stimulate knows the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel_that	The victim that the lawyers understand inspires the friends	singular	plural	plural	understands	inspire
objrel_that	The victim that the men approve inspires the women	singular	plural	plural	approves	inspire
objrel_that	The victim that the men understand discourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the mothers approve greets the fathers	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that	The victim that the mothers discourage remembers the kids	singular	plural	plural	discourages	remember
objrel_that	The victim that the mothers remember approves the fathers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	approve
objrel_that	The victim that the mothers remember discourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	remembers	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the poets encourage approves the men	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel_that	The victim that the poets greet knows the friends	singular	plural	plural	greets	know
objrel_that	The victim that the poets understand encourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	understands	encourage
objrel_that	The victim that the singers discourage observes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourages	observe
objrel_that	The victim that the singers stimulate greets the friends	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel_that	The victim that the teachers admire understands the mothers	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel_that	The victim that the teachers avoid knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel_that	The victim that the teachers confuse stimulates the poets	singular	plural	plural	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the uncles avoid inspires the men	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel_that	The victim that the uncles understand discourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the women admire approves the kids	singular	plural	plural	admires	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the athletes greet criticizes the victims	singular	plural	plural	greets	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the boys greet criticizes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	greets	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the boys observe knows the kids	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel_that	The woman that the carpenters discourage knows the farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	know
objrel_that	The woman that the doctors admire approves the aunts	singular	plural	plural	admires	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the doctors approve discourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that	The woman that the doctors confuse admires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	admire
objrel_that	The woman that the doctors encourage discourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	discourage
objrel_that	The woman that the doctors engage criticizes the singers	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the doctors observe stimulates the poets	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel_that	The woman that the farmers confuse avoids the doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuses	avoid
objrel_that	The woman that the farmers engage greets the girls	singular	plural	plural	engages	greet
objrel_that	The woman that the fathers approve admires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	approves	admire
objrel_that	The woman that the friends confuse avoids the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	avoid
objrel_that	The woman that the friends remember knows the fathers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel_that	The woman that the guys discourage observes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourages	observe
objrel_that	The woman that the kids inspire discourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel_that	The woman that the lawyers discourage remembers the aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourages	remember
objrel_that	The woman that the lawyers discourage understands the poets	singular	plural	plural	discourages	understand
objrel_that	The woman that the lawyers know approves the friends	singular	plural	plural	knows	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the men confuse encourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	encourage
objrel_that	The woman that the men greet encourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	greets	encourage
objrel_that	The woman that the men stimulate approves the athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the men understand engages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understands	engage
objrel_that	The woman that the men understand remembers the boys	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel_that	The woman that the mothers admire inspires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	admires	inspire
objrel_that	The woman that the mothers engage inspires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	engages	inspire
objrel_that	The woman that the mothers engage observes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel_that	The woman that the mothers know discourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	knows	discourage
objrel_that	The woman that the mothers know engages the girls	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel_that	The woman that the poets encourage engages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	engage
objrel_that	The woman that the singers greet avoids the guys	singular	plural	plural	greets	avoid
objrel_that	The woman that the teachers avoid admires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	admire
objrel_that	The woman that the teachers confuse discourages the men	singular	plural	plural	confuses	discourage
objrel_that	The woman that the teachers criticize confuses the men	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	confuse
objrel_that	The woman that the teachers greet discourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel_that	The woman that the teachers inspire engages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel_that	The woman that the teachers inspire greets the boys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel_that	The woman that the teachers know inspires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel_that	The woman that the teachers understand engages the guys	singular	plural	plural	understands	engage
objrel_that	The woman that the uncles discourage confuses the girls	singular	plural	plural	discourages	confuse
objrel_that	The woman that the uncles inspire engages the kids	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel_that	The woman that the victims admire knows the boys	singular	plural	plural	admires	know
objrel_that	The woman that the victims understand remembers the fathers	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel_that	The athletes that the aunt approves inspire the poet	plural	singular	singular	approve	inspires
objrel_that	The athletes that the aunt engages avoid the man	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel_that	The athletes that the aunt engages understand the father	plural	singular	singular	engage	understands
objrel_that	The athletes that the aunt greets criticize the uncle	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel_that	The athletes that the aunt observes approve the woman	plural	singular	singular	observe	approves
objrel_that	The athletes that the boy approves know the friend	plural	singular	singular	approve	knows
objrel_that	The athletes that the boy encourages stimulate the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The athletes that the carpenter confuses avoid the boy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel_that	The athletes that the doctor observes encourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the doctor observes know the father	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel_that	The athletes that the farmer discourages encourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the farmer encourages remember the doctor	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the farmer engages admire the poet	plural	singular	singular	engage	admires
objrel_that	The athletes that the farmer greets remember the mother	plural	singular	singular	greet	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the father inspires discourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	discourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the friend admires stimulate the farmer	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel_that	The athletes that the girl greets engage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	greet	engages
objrel_that	The athletes that the girl remembers approve the man	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel_that	The athletes that the girl remembers criticize the uncle	plural	singular	singular	remember	criticizes
objrel_that	The athletes that the girl understands know the kid	plural	singular	singular	understand	knows
objrel_that	The athletes that the girl understands stimulate the doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	stimulates
objrel_that	The athletes that the guy admires discourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	admire	discourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the guy avoids encourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	avoid	encourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the guy knows inspire the singer	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel_that	The athletes that the guy remembers confuse the doctor	plural	singular	singular	remember	confuses
objrel_that	The athletes that the guy remembers understand the boy	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel_that	The athletes that the kid avoids remember the father	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the lawyer admires inspire the girl	plural	singular	singular	admire	inspires
objrel_that	The athletes that the lawyer remembers stimulate the boy	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_that	The athletes that the lawyer understands encourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the man criticizes avoid the doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel_that	The athletes that the man observes discourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	observe	discourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the man understands discourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	understand	discourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the mother observes remember the singer	plural	singular	singular	observe	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the poet discourages approve the uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel_that	The athletes that the singer confuses discourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuse	discourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the teacher approves observe the girl	plural	singular	singular	approve	observes
objrel_that	The athletes that the teacher remembers know the poet	plural	singular	singular	remember	knows
objrel_that	The athletes that the teacher understands engage the girl	plural	singular	singular	understand	engages
objrel_that	The athletes that the uncle approves engage the victim	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel_that	The athletes that the uncle criticizes avoid the victim	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel_that	The athletes that the uncle criticizes encourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the uncle criticizes remember the guy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the victim avoids encourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	encourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the victim avoids greet the singer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	greets
objrel_that	The aunts that the athlete avoids remember the uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The aunts that the boy approves encourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	approve	encourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the boy encourages confuse the singer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	confuses
objrel_that	The aunts that the boy encourages know the uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourage	knows
objrel_that	The aunts that the boy inspires understand the athlete	plural	singular	singular	inspire	understands
objrel_that	The aunts that the boy observes avoid the victim	plural	singular	singular	observe	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the carpenter criticizes stimulate the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that	The aunts that the carpenter stimulates remember the poet	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that	The aunts that the doctor admires know the uncle	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel_that	The aunts that the doctor criticizes inspire the woman	plural	singular	singular	criticize	inspires
objrel_that	The aunts that the doctor engages encourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	engage	encourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the doctor observes know the guy	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel_that	The aunts that the doctor remembers understand the victim	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel_that	The aunts that the farmer confuses admire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel_that	The aunts that the farmer criticizes stimulate the girl	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that	The aunts that the farmer discourages admire the victim	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel_that	The aunts that the farmer engages stimulate the boy	plural	singular	singular	engage	stimulates
objrel_that	The aunts that the father encourages approve the singer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel_that	The aunts that the friend remembers inspire the poet	plural	singular	singular	remember	inspires
objrel_that	The aunts that the girl confuses criticize the athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that	The aunts that the girl criticizes encourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the girl encourages engage the man	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel_that	The aunts that the girl encourages know the guy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	knows
objrel_that	The aunts that the girl stimulates confuse the woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that	The aunts that the kid criticizes stimulate the farmer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that	The aunts that the lawyer inspires understand the girl	plural	singular	singular	inspire	understands
objrel_that	The aunts that the lawyer understands approve the singer	plural	singular	singular	understand	approves
objrel_that	The aunts that the man discourages observe the boy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the man greets criticize the boy	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel_that	The aunts that the poet criticizes observe the mother	plural	singular	singular	criticize	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the poet encourages remember the doctor	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel_that	The aunts that the poet engages encourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	engage	encourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the poet knows encourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	know	encourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the singer admires confuse the athlete	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel_that	The aunts that the singer criticizes encourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the singer encourages understand the poet	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel_that	The aunts that the singer greets inspire the girl	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel_that	The aunts that the teacher approves inspire the boy	plural	singular	singular	approve	inspires
objrel_that	The aunts that the teacher confuses inspire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel_that	The aunts that the teacher criticizes inspire the singer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	inspires
objrel_that	The aunts that the uncle confuses know the poet	plural	singular	singular	confuse	knows
objrel_that	The aunts that the uncle discourages avoid the singer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the uncle observes discourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	observe	discourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the uncle observes greet the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observe	greets
objrel_that	The aunts that the victim approves engage the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel_that	The aunts that the victim approves know the mother	plural	singular	singular	approve	knows
objrel_that	The aunts that the victim confuses inspire the kid	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel_that	The aunts that the victim confuses observe the guy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the victim knows remember the doctor	plural	singular	singular	know	remembers
objrel_that	The aunts that the victim stimulates avoid the poet	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the woman admires criticize the uncle	plural	singular	singular	admire	criticizes
objrel_that	The aunts that the woman criticizes confuse the boy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	confuses
objrel_that	The aunts that the woman encourages inspire the poet	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The aunts that the woman stimulates encourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	encourages
objrel_that	The boys that the aunt inspires observe the kid	plural	singular	singular	inspire	observes
objrel_that	The boys that the aunt knows inspire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel_that	The boys that the aunt remembers approve the man	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel_that	The boys that the carpenter approves discourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel_that	The boys that the carpenter discourages engage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	discourage	engages
objrel_that	The boys that the carpenter observes discourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	observe	discourages
objrel_that	The boys that the doctor greets confuse the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel_that	The boys that the farmer encourages observe the guy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel_that	The boys that the farmer inspires avoid the teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspire	avoids
objrel_that	The boys that the farmer inspires stimulate the guy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the father admires understand the farmer	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel_that	The boys that the father avoids inspire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	inspires
objrel_that	The boys that the father engages know the poet	plural	singular	singular	engage	knows
objrel_that	The boys that the father observes engage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	observe	engages
objrel_that	The boys that the father remembers encourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	remember	encourages
objrel_that	The boys that the friend engages discourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	engage	discourages
objrel_that	The boys that the friend inspires encourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	encourages
objrel_that	The boys that the friend inspires understand the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspire	understands
objrel_that	The boys that the friend observes inspire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	observe	inspires
objrel_that	The boys that the girl confuses stimulate the kid	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the girl criticizes confuse the man	plural	singular	singular	criticize	confuses
objrel_that	The boys that the girl criticizes remember the farmer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	remembers
objrel_that	The boys that the girl engages greet the poet	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel_that	The boys that the guy greets engage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	greet	engages
objrel_that	The boys that the guy understands greet the aunt	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_that	The boys that the kid avoids understand the farmer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	understands
objrel_that	The boys that the lawyer understands encourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel_that	The boys that the man admires engage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel_that	The boys that the man confuses remember the poet	plural	singular	singular	confuse	remembers
objrel_that	The boys that the mother confuses understand the woman	plural	singular	singular	confuse	understands
objrel_that	The boys that the mother encourages inspire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The boys that the mother inspires confuse the doctor	plural	singular	singular	inspire	confuses
objrel_that	The boys that the mother stimulates confuse the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that	The boys that the mother stimulates know the guy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	knows
objrel_that	The boys that the poet approves understand the farmer	plural	singular	singular	approve	understands
objrel_that	The boys that the poet criticizes stimulate the friend	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the poet encourages stimulate the victim	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the poet inspires understand the father	plural	singular	singular	inspire	understands
objrel_that	The boys that the singer avoids stimulate the kid	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the singer remembers engage the man	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel_that	The boys that the uncle knows discourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	know	discourages
objrel_that	The boys that the victim admires discourage the father	plural	singular	singular	admire	discourages
objrel_that	The boys that the victim criticizes encourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel_that	The boys that the victim criticizes greet the mother	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel_that	The boys that the victim greets understand the girl	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel_that	The boys that the woman observes know the father	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel_that	The boys that the woman stimulates engage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the athlete confuses admire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the athlete encourages understand the kid	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel_that	The carpenters that the athlete inspires engage the singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the aunt inspires confuse the uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspire	confuses
objrel_that	The carpenters that the aunt knows inspire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the aunt stimulates understand the boy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	understands
objrel_that	The carpenters that the boy avoids observe the friend	plural	singular	singular	avoid	observes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctor criticizes remember the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	remembers
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctor encourages avoid the man	plural	singular	singular	encourage	avoids
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctor greets approve the uncle	plural	singular	singular	greet	approves
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctor inspires criticize the aunt	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctor stimulates avoid the boy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	avoids
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctor stimulates encourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	encourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the farmer admires greet the woman	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the farmer engages criticize the doctor	plural	singular	singular	engage	criticizes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the father confuses stimulate the boy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the friend encourages discourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	discourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the friend knows greet the victim	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the friend knows remember the uncle	plural	singular	singular	know	remembers
objrel_that	The carpenters that the friend remembers greet the girl	plural	singular	singular	remember	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the friend stimulates inspire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	inspires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the girl criticizes understand the victim	plural	singular	singular	criticize	understands
objrel_that	The carpenters that the girl discourages engage the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourage	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the girl inspires criticize the doctor	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the girl knows confuse the doctor	plural	singular	singular	know	confuses
objrel_that	The carpenters that the guy criticizes avoid the woman	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel_that	The carpenters that the guy engages avoid the athlete	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel_that	The carpenters that the guy observes remember the man	plural	singular	singular	observe	remembers
objrel_that	The carpenters that the guy remembers inspire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	remember	inspires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the kid admires approve the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admire	approves
objrel_that	The carpenters that the kid encourages know the man	plural	singular	singular	encourage	knows
objrel_that	The carpenters that the kid observes understand the teacher	plural	singular	singular	observe	understands
objrel_that	The carpenters that the lawyer approves understand the father	plural	singular	singular	approve	understands
objrel_that	The carpenters that the lawyer criticizes approve the poet	plural	singular	singular	criticize	approves
objrel_that	The carpenters that the lawyer discourages confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourage	confuses
objrel_that	The carpenters that the lawyer discourages stimulate the man	plural	singular	singular	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the lawyer observes stimulate the girl	plural	singular	singular	observe	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the man engages greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the man engages stimulate the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	engage	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the man understands stimulate the athlete	plural	singular	singular	understand	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the mother knows observe the woman	plural	singular	singular	know	observes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the poet observes admire the singer	plural	singular	singular	observe	admires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the poet remembers know the guy	plural	singular	singular	remember	knows
objrel_that	The carpenters that the singer avoids inspire the boy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	inspires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the singer remembers inspire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	remember	inspires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the teacher remembers admire the guy	plural	singular	singular	remember	admires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the teacher stimulates approve the poet	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	approves
objrel_that	The carpenters that the uncle admires approve the farmer	plural	singular	singular	admire	approves
objrel_that	The carpenters that the uncle stimulates encourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	encourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the woman criticizes engage the mother	plural	singular	singular	criticize	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the woman discourages stimulate the girl	plural	singular	singular	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the woman encourages understand the father	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel_that	The doctors that the athlete remembers understand the singer	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel_that	The doctors that the aunt admires inspire the woman	plural	singular	singular	admire	inspires
objrel_that	The doctors that the aunt approves criticize the mother	plural	singular	singular	approve	criticizes
objrel_that	The doctors that the aunt approves encourage the father	plural	singular	singular	approve	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the aunt confuses greet the man	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_that	The doctors that the aunt engages greet the farmer	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel_that	The doctors that the aunt stimulates approve the singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	approves
objrel_that	The doctors that the boy engages remember the guy	plural	singular	singular	engage	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the boy greets approve the woman	plural	singular	singular	greet	approves
objrel_that	The doctors that the boy greets remember the athlete	plural	singular	singular	greet	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the boy observes engage the father	plural	singular	singular	observe	engages
objrel_that	The doctors that the boy observes greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	observe	greets
objrel_that	The doctors that the carpenter admires confuse the girl	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel_that	The doctors that the carpenter approves discourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the farmer admires greet the woman	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel_that	The doctors that the farmer observes discourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	observe	discourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the girl avoids confuse the singer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel_that	The doctors that the girl confuses criticize the woman	plural	singular	singular	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that	The doctors that the girl encourages know the athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourage	knows
objrel_that	The doctors that the guy engages avoid the singer	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel_that	The doctors that the guy engages discourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	engage	discourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the guy observes avoid the teacher	plural	singular	singular	observe	avoids
objrel_that	The doctors that the kid admires encourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	admire	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the kid confuses criticize the friend	plural	singular	singular	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that	The doctors that the lawyer inspires encourage the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspire	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the lawyer knows confuse the victim	plural	singular	singular	know	confuses
objrel_that	The doctors that the lawyer knows remember the friend	plural	singular	singular	know	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the man admires confuse the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel_that	The doctors that the man approves greet the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	approve	greets
objrel_that	The doctors that the man criticizes avoid the singer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel_that	The doctors that the poet discourages criticize the kid	plural	singular	singular	discourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The doctors that the singer admires engage the woman	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel_that	The doctors that the singer criticizes avoid the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel_that	The doctors that the singer stimulates remember the friend	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the teacher observes inspire the kid	plural	singular	singular	observe	inspires
objrel_that	The doctors that the teacher remembers observe the guy	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel_that	The doctors that the uncle stimulates inspire the guy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	inspires
objrel_that	The doctors that the victim criticizes greet the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel_that	The doctors that the victim engages greet the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel_that	The doctors that the woman avoids know the mother	plural	singular	singular	avoid	knows
objrel_that	The doctors that the woman avoids remember the athlete	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the woman discourages greet the victim	plural	singular	singular	discourage	greets
objrel_that	The doctors that the woman remembers know the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	remember	knows
objrel_that	The farmers that the athlete approves understand the girl	plural	singular	singular	approve	understands
objrel_that	The farmers that the athlete encourages greet the kid	plural	singular	singular	encourage	greets
objrel_that	The farmers that the athlete encourages remember the teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel_that	The farmers that the athlete greets admire the poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	admires
objrel_that	The farmers that the aunt approves confuse the mother	plural	singular	singular	approve	confuses
objrel_that	The farmers that the aunt criticizes engage the father	plural	singular	singular	criticize	engages
objrel_that	The farmers that the aunt understands observe the victim	plural	singular	singular	understand	observes
objrel_that	The farmers that the boy admires engage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel_that	The farmers that the boy confuses stimulate the mother	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that	The farmers that the boy discourages inspire the victim	plural	singular	singular	discourage	inspires
objrel_that	The farmers that the boy engages avoid the guy	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel_that	The farmers that the carpenter admires remember the boy	plural	singular	singular	admire	remembers
objrel_that	The farmers that the carpenter avoids greet the mother	plural	singular	singular	avoid	greets
objrel_that	The farmers that the carpenter encourages admire the woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	admires
objrel_that	The farmers that the carpenter encourages approve the girl	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel_that	The farmers that the carpenter knows approve the friend	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel_that	The farmers that the doctor approves inspire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approve	inspires
objrel_that	The farmers that the doctor encourages admire the girl	plural	singular	singular	encourage	admires
objrel_that	The farmers that the doctor inspires understand the teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspire	understands
objrel_that	The farmers that the father confuses approve the girl	plural	singular	singular	confuse	approves
objrel_that	The farmers that the father criticizes confuse the mother	plural	singular	singular	criticize	confuses
objrel_that	The farmers that the father discourages inspire the friend	plural	singular	singular	discourage	inspires
objrel_that	The farmers that the friend confuses greet the doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_that	The farmers that the friend discourages approve the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel_that	The farmers that the friend knows discourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	know	discourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the girl avoids inspire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoid	inspires
objrel_that	The farmers that the girl avoids remember the mother	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The farmers that the girl criticizes know the woman	plural	singular	singular	criticize	knows
objrel_that	The farmers that the guy admires avoid the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	admire	avoids
objrel_that	The farmers that the guy discourages criticize the athlete	plural	singular	singular	discourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The farmers that the guy greets inspire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel_that	The farmers that the guy knows confuse the girl	plural	singular	singular	know	confuses
objrel_that	The farmers that the guy observes confuse the singer	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel_that	The farmers that the kid remembers discourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the kid understands observe the man	plural	singular	singular	understand	observes
objrel_that	The farmers that the lawyer confuses remember the singer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	remembers
objrel_that	The farmers that the man admires understand the friend	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel_that	The farmers that the man approves know the woman	plural	singular	singular	approve	knows
objrel_that	The farmers that the man confuses approve the kid	plural	singular	singular	confuse	approves
objrel_that	The farmers that the man confuses understand the victim	plural	singular	singular	confuse	understands
objrel_that	The farmers that the mother admires observe the woman	plural	singular	singular	admire	observes
objrel_that	The farmers that the mother confuses stimulate the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that	The farmers that the mother criticizes encourage the father	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the mother discourages inspire the victim	plural	singular	singular	discourage	inspires
objrel_that	The farmers that the poet avoids confuse the aunt	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel_that	The farmers that the poet confuses greet the victim	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_that	The farmers that the poet discourages remember the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourage	remembers
objrel_that	The farmers that the poet encourages engage the guy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel_that	The farmers that the poet inspires greet the father	plural	singular	singular	inspire	greets
objrel_that	The farmers that the poet remembers observe the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel_that	The farmers that the singer discourages inspire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	discourage	inspires
objrel_that	The farmers that the singer greets inspire the woman	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel_that	The farmers that the teacher criticizes encourage the father	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the teacher remembers criticize the victim	plural	singular	singular	remember	criticizes
objrel_that	The farmers that the uncle confuses greet the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_that	The farmers that the victim encourages criticize the athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The farmers that the woman discourages engage the father	plural	singular	singular	discourage	engages
objrel_that	The farmers that the woman engages admire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	engage	admires
objrel_that	The farmers that the woman inspires know the singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_that	The fathers that the athlete approves engage the kid	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel_that	The fathers that the athlete approves stimulate the doctor	plural	singular	singular	approve	stimulates
objrel_that	The fathers that the athlete engages know the guy	plural	singular	singular	engage	knows
objrel_that	The fathers that the athlete inspires know the teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_that	The fathers that the athlete understands avoid the singer	plural	singular	singular	understand	avoids
objrel_that	The fathers that the aunt admires understand the kid	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel_that	The fathers that the aunt criticizes admire the girl	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the aunt discourages know the woman	plural	singular	singular	discourage	knows
objrel_that	The fathers that the aunt observes know the farmer	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel_that	The fathers that the boy inspires know the victim	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_that	The fathers that the carpenter admires engage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel_that	The fathers that the carpenter approves stimulate the doctor	plural	singular	singular	approve	stimulates
objrel_that	The fathers that the doctor stimulates approve the boy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	approves
objrel_that	The fathers that the farmer admires inspire the victim	plural	singular	singular	admire	inspires
objrel_that	The fathers that the farmer confuses admire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the farmer criticizes greet the doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel_that	The fathers that the farmer criticizes understand the teacher	plural	singular	singular	criticize	understands
objrel_that	The fathers that the farmer engages remember the uncle	plural	singular	singular	engage	remembers
objrel_that	The fathers that the farmer knows understand the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	know	understands
objrel_that	The fathers that the farmer observes confuse the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel_that	The fathers that the farmer understands criticize the woman	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel_that	The fathers that the friend stimulates engage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	engages
objrel_that	The fathers that the girl avoids remember the teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The fathers that the girl remembers admire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remember	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the girl remembers discourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the girl understands discourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understand	discourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the guy criticizes confuse the kid	plural	singular	singular	criticize	confuses
objrel_that	The fathers that the guy remembers greet the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	remember	greets
objrel_that	The fathers that the kid criticizes know the girl	plural	singular	singular	criticize	knows
objrel_that	The fathers that the lawyer knows greet the aunt	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel_that	The fathers that the lawyer remembers discourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the man greets encourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	greet	encourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the mother avoids admire the victim	plural	singular	singular	avoid	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the mother avoids engage the woman	plural	singular	singular	avoid	engages
objrel_that	The fathers that the mother encourages observe the singer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel_that	The fathers that the poet confuses inspire the mother	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel_that	The fathers that the poet encourages admire the victim	plural	singular	singular	encourage	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the poet inspires encourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspire	encourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the poet observes remember the woman	plural	singular	singular	observe	remembers
objrel_that	The fathers that the singer engages observe the teacher	plural	singular	singular	engage	observes
objrel_that	The fathers that the teacher approves confuse the athlete	plural	singular	singular	approve	confuses
objrel_that	The fathers that the teacher approves understand the man	plural	singular	singular	approve	understands
objrel_that	The fathers that the teacher criticizes discourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	criticize	discourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the teacher discourages engage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	engages
objrel_that	The fathers that the teacher engages admire the kid	plural	singular	singular	engage	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the teacher remembers inspire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	remember	inspires
objrel_that	The fathers that the uncle discourages admire the kid	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the uncle discourages stimulate the friend	plural	singular	singular	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The fathers that the victim observes remember the athlete	plural	singular	singular	observe	remembers
objrel_that	The fathers that the victim understands admire the girl	plural	singular	singular	understand	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the woman approves discourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the woman greets inspire the friend	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel_that	The fathers that the woman observes inspire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	observe	inspires
objrel_that	The fathers that the woman observes stimulate the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observe	stimulates
objrel_that	The fathers that the woman remembers stimulate the farmer	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_that	The fathers that the woman stimulates understand the singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	understands
objrel_that	The fathers that the woman understands greet the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_that	The friends that the athlete encourages approve the teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel_that	The friends that the athlete knows inspire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel_that	The friends that the aunt confuses greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_that	The friends that the aunt discourages stimulate the boy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The friends that the aunt understands remember the doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel_that	The friends that the boy discourages approve the man	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel_that	The friends that the carpenter observes admire the father	plural	singular	singular	observe	admires
objrel_that	The friends that the carpenter remembers admire the victim	plural	singular	singular	remember	admires
objrel_that	The friends that the doctor understands admire the girl	plural	singular	singular	understand	admires
objrel_that	The friends that the farmer stimulates avoid the woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	avoids
objrel_that	The friends that the farmer stimulates confuse the doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that	The friends that the father engages inspire the poet	plural	singular	singular	engage	inspires
objrel_that	The friends that the father inspires remember the boy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	remembers
objrel_that	The friends that the girl criticizes know the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	criticize	knows
objrel_that	The friends that the girl discourages criticize the aunt	plural	singular	singular	discourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The friends that the girl greets criticize the kid	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel_that	The friends that the girl knows remember the doctor	plural	singular	singular	know	remembers
objrel_that	The friends that the girl remembers criticize the kid	plural	singular	singular	remember	criticizes
objrel_that	The friends that the guy confuses approve the victim	plural	singular	singular	confuse	approves
objrel_that	The friends that the lawyer criticizes stimulate the uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that	The friends that the lawyer remembers know the poet	plural	singular	singular	remember	knows
objrel_that	The friends that the lawyer remembers stimulate the farmer	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_that	The friends that the man admires know the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel_that	The friends that the man greets remember the farmer	plural	singular	singular	greet	remembers
objrel_that	The friends that the man greets stimulate the kid	plural	singular	singular	greet	stimulates
objrel_that	The friends that the mother approves admire the boy	plural	singular	singular	approve	admires
objrel_that	The friends that the mother criticizes engage the boy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	engages
objrel_that	The friends that the mother discourages engage the girl	plural	singular	singular	discourage	engages
objrel_that	The friends that the mother encourages understand the doctor	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel_that	The friends that the mother greets encourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	greet	encourages
objrel_that	The friends that the poet confuses stimulate the guy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that	The friends that the poet criticizes approve the victim	plural	singular	singular	criticize	approves
objrel_that	The friends that the poet understands stimulate the kid	plural	singular	singular	understand	stimulates
objrel_that	The friends that the singer criticizes know the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	criticize	knows
objrel_that	The friends that the singer engages encourage the girl	plural	singular	singular	engage	encourages
objrel_that	The friends that the singer understands discourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	understand	discourages
objrel_that	The friends that the teacher avoids encourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	encourages
objrel_that	The friends that the teacher discourages confuse the father	plural	singular	singular	discourage	confuses
objrel_that	The friends that the uncle engages encourage the man	plural	singular	singular	engage	encourages
objrel_that	The friends that the uncle remembers avoid the kid	plural	singular	singular	remember	avoids
objrel_that	The friends that the victim criticizes observe the man	plural	singular	singular	criticize	observes
objrel_that	The friends that the victim discourages observe the boy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	observes
objrel_that	The friends that the victim greets understand the mother	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel_that	The friends that the victim remembers engage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel_that	The friends that the woman approves stimulate the athlete	plural	singular	singular	approve	stimulates
objrel_that	The friends that the woman avoids inspire the poet	plural	singular	singular	avoid	inspires
objrel_that	The friends that the woman confuses avoid the man	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel_that	The girls that the athlete criticizes remember the uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticize	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the athlete encourages criticize the kid	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The girls that the athlete knows confuse the kid	plural	singular	singular	know	confuses
objrel_that	The girls that the aunt avoids stimulate the singer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that	The girls that the aunt discourages approve the teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel_that	The girls that the aunt remembers know the woman	plural	singular	singular	remember	knows
objrel_that	The girls that the aunt understands engage the man	plural	singular	singular	understand	engages
objrel_that	The girls that the boy admires observe the uncle	plural	singular	singular	admire	observes
objrel_that	The girls that the boy confuses know the teacher	plural	singular	singular	confuse	knows
objrel_that	The girls that the boy observes discourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	observe	discourages
objrel_that	The girls that the carpenter engages confuse the uncle	plural	singular	singular	engage	confuses
objrel_that	The girls that the doctor avoids remember the farmer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the doctor inspires greet the man	plural	singular	singular	inspire	greets
objrel_that	The girls that the farmer encourages confuse the father	plural	singular	singular	encourage	confuses
objrel_that	The girls that the father encourages know the kid	plural	singular	singular	encourage	knows
objrel_that	The girls that the friend avoids criticize the woman	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that	The girls that the guy confuses remember the poet	plural	singular	singular	confuse	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the kid observes know the uncle	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel_that	The girls that the lawyer engages know the woman	plural	singular	singular	engage	knows
objrel_that	The girls that the lawyer knows observe the aunt	plural	singular	singular	know	observes
objrel_that	The girls that the man avoids remember the father	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the man confuses admire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel_that	The girls that the man encourages observe the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel_that	The girls that the man inspires greet the friend	plural	singular	singular	inspire	greets
objrel_that	The girls that the man remembers admire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remember	admires
objrel_that	The girls that the poet knows remember the man	plural	singular	singular	know	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the poet observes criticize the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel_that	The girls that the singer admires know the woman	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel_that	The girls that the singer avoids confuse the guy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel_that	The girls that the singer encourages approve the teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel_that	The girls that the teacher confuses admire the poet	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel_that	The girls that the teacher confuses inspire the woman	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel_that	The girls that the teacher knows avoid the father	plural	singular	singular	know	avoids
objrel_that	The girls that the teacher observes inspire the woman	plural	singular	singular	observe	inspires
objrel_that	The girls that the uncle admires engage the guy	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel_that	The girls that the uncle avoids discourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	discourages
objrel_that	The girls that the uncle discourages admire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel_that	The girls that the uncle discourages understand the singer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	understands
objrel_that	The girls that the uncle stimulates confuse the victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that	The girls that the victim admires understand the man	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel_that	The girls that the victim understands encourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel_that	The girls that the woman inspires discourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	discourages
objrel_that	The girls that the woman knows discourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	know	discourages
objrel_that	The guys that the athlete approves know the doctor	plural	singular	singular	approve	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the aunt approves stimulate the girl	plural	singular	singular	approve	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the aunt avoids stimulate the friend	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the aunt encourages approve the doctor	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel_that	The guys that the aunt remembers stimulate the woman	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the boy greets inspire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel_that	The guys that the boy understands criticize the friend	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel_that	The guys that the carpenter approves engage the poet	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel_that	The guys that the carpenter engages approve the kid	plural	singular	singular	engage	approves
objrel_that	The guys that the carpenter engages greet the man	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel_that	The guys that the carpenter greets criticize the victim	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel_that	The guys that the doctor understands know the man	plural	singular	singular	understand	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the farmer greets inspire the friend	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel_that	The guys that the father discourages understand the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourage	understands
objrel_that	The guys that the father greets inspire the victim	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel_that	The guys that the friend avoids stimulate the poet	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the friend confuses stimulate the doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the friend criticizes stimulate the father	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the girl approves discourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel_that	The guys that the girl encourages stimulate the man	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the girl engages stimulate the kid	plural	singular	singular	engage	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the girl greets avoid the woman	plural	singular	singular	greet	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the kid observes avoid the father	plural	singular	singular	observe	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the kid stimulates engage the singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	engages
objrel_that	The guys that the lawyer avoids admire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoid	admires
objrel_that	The guys that the lawyer encourages criticize the aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The guys that the lawyer engages admire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	engage	admires
objrel_that	The guys that the lawyer inspires know the girl	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the lawyer inspires stimulate the doctor	plural	singular	singular	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the lawyer knows observe the mother	plural	singular	singular	know	observes
objrel_that	The guys that the lawyer observes admire the victim	plural	singular	singular	observe	admires
objrel_that	The guys that the lawyer remembers engage the boy	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel_that	The guys that the man criticizes confuse the kid	plural	singular	singular	criticize	confuses
objrel_that	The guys that the man discourages inspire the mother	plural	singular	singular	discourage	inspires
objrel_that	The guys that the man greets understand the mother	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel_that	The guys that the mother confuses avoid the victim	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the poet approves stimulate the friend	plural	singular	singular	approve	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the poet encourages discourage the girl	plural	singular	singular	encourage	discourages
objrel_that	The guys that the poet engages greet the aunt	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel_that	The guys that the poet observes remember the athlete	plural	singular	singular	observe	remembers
objrel_that	The guys that the poet understands remember the woman	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel_that	The guys that the singer admires stimulate the uncle	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the teacher engages inspire the friend	plural	singular	singular	engage	inspires
objrel_that	The guys that the uncle avoids encourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	avoid	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the uncle observes avoid the kid	plural	singular	singular	observe	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the victim engages avoid the poet	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the victim stimulates greet the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	greets
objrel_that	The guys that the woman admires encourage the father	plural	singular	singular	admire	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the woman discourages encourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the woman understands admire the boy	plural	singular	singular	understand	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the athlete confuses observe the father	plural	singular	singular	confuse	observes
objrel_that	The kids that the athlete criticizes admire the father	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the athlete knows encourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	know	encourages
objrel_that	The kids that the aunt approves confuse the man	plural	singular	singular	approve	confuses
objrel_that	The kids that the aunt avoids criticize the girl	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that	The kids that the aunt criticizes avoid the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel_that	The kids that the boy criticizes confuse the guy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	confuses
objrel_that	The kids that the boy inspires understand the uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspire	understands
objrel_that	The kids that the carpenter discourages know the farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	knows
objrel_that	The kids that the carpenter knows encourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	know	encourages
objrel_that	The kids that the farmer approves know the uncle	plural	singular	singular	approve	knows
objrel_that	The kids that the farmer inspires greet the athlete	plural	singular	singular	inspire	greets
objrel_that	The kids that the farmer observes approve the boy	plural	singular	singular	observe	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the father discourages know the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourage	knows
objrel_that	The kids that the father remembers confuse the boy	plural	singular	singular	remember	confuses
objrel_that	The kids that the father understands greet the girl	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_that	The kids that the friend criticizes greet the woman	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel_that	The kids that the girl approves admire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	approve	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the girl avoids approve the man	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the girl discourages remember the athlete	plural	singular	singular	discourage	remembers
objrel_that	The kids that the girl observes discourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	observe	discourages
objrel_that	The kids that the girl observes discourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	observe	discourages
objrel_that	The kids that the guy discourages remember the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourage	remembers
objrel_that	The kids that the guy encourages stimulate the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the guy greets approve the father	plural	singular	singular	greet	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the guy greets observe the farmer	plural	singular	singular	greet	observes
objrel_that	The kids that the guy inspires admire the mother	plural	singular	singular	inspire	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the lawyer encourages stimulate the singer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the mother confuses approve the teacher	plural	singular	singular	confuse	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the mother discourages confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourage	confuses
objrel_that	The kids that the mother engages greet the doctor	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel_that	The kids that the mother engages remember the athlete	plural	singular	singular	engage	remembers
objrel_that	The kids that the mother remembers stimulate the boy	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the poet avoids stimulate the teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the poet engages understand the doctor	plural	singular	singular	engage	understands
objrel_that	The kids that the singer approves engage the mother	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel_that	The kids that the singer discourages know the farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	knows
objrel_that	The kids that the singer engages stimulate the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	engage	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the singer greets encourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	greet	encourages
objrel_that	The kids that the teacher admires approve the farmer	plural	singular	singular	admire	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the teacher discourages engage the woman	plural	singular	singular	discourage	engages
objrel_that	The kids that the teacher encourages stimulate the girl	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the teacher engages admire the poet	plural	singular	singular	engage	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the uncle confuses inspire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel_that	The kids that the uncle greets confuse the athlete	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel_that	The kids that the uncle remembers discourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel_that	The kids that the victim stimulates avoid the teacher	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	avoids
objrel_that	The kids that the woman knows criticize the mother	plural	singular	singular	know	criticizes
objrel_that	The kids that the woman observes discourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	observe	discourages
objrel_that	The kids that the woman stimulates criticize the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the aunt encourages admire the friend	plural	singular	singular	encourage	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the aunt knows inspire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the boy encourages engage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the boy greets observe the doctor	plural	singular	singular	greet	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the boy inspires admire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspire	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the boy knows encourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	know	encourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the boy stimulates inspire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	inspires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the carpenter encourages criticize the woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the carpenter understands remember the aunt	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel_that	The lawyers that the doctor avoids criticize the boy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the doctor discourages admire the victim	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the doctor encourages know the teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourage	knows
objrel_that	The lawyers that the doctor remembers observe the victim	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the father approves engage the victim	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the friend confuses admire the poet	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the friend observes greet the kid	plural	singular	singular	observe	greets
objrel_that	The lawyers that the girl approves know the farmer	plural	singular	singular	approve	knows
objrel_that	The lawyers that the girl greets encourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	encourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the girl knows observe the doctor	plural	singular	singular	know	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the girl stimulates criticize the woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the guy admires stimulate the mother	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel_that	The lawyers that the guy encourages understand the aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel_that	The lawyers that the guy knows confuse the uncle	plural	singular	singular	know	confuses
objrel_that	The lawyers that the guy stimulates know the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	knows
objrel_that	The lawyers that the kid avoids observe the singer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the kid engages encourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	engage	encourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the kid engages observe the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	engage	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the man avoids observe the victim	plural	singular	singular	avoid	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the man observes criticize the teacher	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the man observes understand the boy	plural	singular	singular	observe	understands
objrel_that	The lawyers that the man understands greet the boy	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_that	The lawyers that the mother avoids discourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	avoid	discourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the mother greets criticize the guy	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the poet avoids remember the father	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The lawyers that the poet confuses criticize the doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the poet remembers confuse the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	remember	confuses
objrel_that	The lawyers that the poet remembers observe the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the singer discourages admire the guy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the singer engages understand the kid	plural	singular	singular	engage	understands
objrel_that	The lawyers that the singer understands engage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	understand	engages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the teacher approves engage the poet	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the uncle approves understand the doctor	plural	singular	singular	approve	understands
objrel_that	The lawyers that the uncle avoids encourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	encourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the uncle greets avoid the farmer	plural	singular	singular	greet	avoids
objrel_that	The lawyers that the victim admires criticize the doctor	plural	singular	singular	admire	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the victim discourages encourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the victim observes know the mother	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel_that	The men that the athlete admires engage the poet	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel_that	The men that the athlete approves stimulate the aunt	plural	singular	singular	approve	stimulates
objrel_that	The men that the athlete confuses avoid the kid	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel_that	The men that the athlete discourages approve the teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel_that	The men that the athlete encourages discourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	encourage	discourages
objrel_that	The men that the athlete knows admire the kid	plural	singular	singular	know	admires
objrel_that	The men that the aunt understands admire the guy	plural	singular	singular	understand	admires
objrel_that	The men that the boy discourages inspire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourage	inspires
objrel_that	The men that the boy engages know the girl	plural	singular	singular	engage	knows
objrel_that	The men that the boy remembers understand the guy	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel_that	The men that the boy stimulates greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	greets
objrel_that	The men that the carpenter discourages stimulate the victim	plural	singular	singular	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The men that the carpenter encourages greet the father	plural	singular	singular	encourage	greets
objrel_that	The men that the carpenter inspires remember the father	plural	singular	singular	inspire	remembers
objrel_that	The men that the doctor engages understand the friend	plural	singular	singular	engage	understands
objrel_that	The men that the doctor knows greet the poet	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel_that	The men that the farmer admires greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel_that	The men that the farmer approves observe the boy	plural	singular	singular	approve	observes
objrel_that	The men that the farmer inspires know the woman	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_that	The men that the farmer observes admire the friend	plural	singular	singular	observe	admires
objrel_that	The men that the father understands know the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understand	knows
objrel_that	The men that the friend avoids admire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	admires
objrel_that	The men that the friend observes avoid the victim	plural	singular	singular	observe	avoids
objrel_that	The men that the girl approves admire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	approve	admires
objrel_that	The men that the girl confuses criticize the singer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that	The men that the girl observes encourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel_that	The men that the guy avoids confuse the mother	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the guy confuses criticize the farmer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that	The men that the guy engages know the doctor	plural	singular	singular	engage	knows
objrel_that	The men that the guy knows avoid the kid	plural	singular	singular	know	avoids
objrel_that	The men that the kid approves greet the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	approve	greets
objrel_that	The men that the kid avoids understand the girl	plural	singular	singular	avoid	understands
objrel_that	The men that the kid criticizes know the boy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	knows
objrel_that	The men that the kid discourages approve the singer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel_that	The men that the kid greets criticize the guy	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel_that	The men that the lawyer approves understand the girl	plural	singular	singular	approve	understands
objrel_that	The men that the lawyer engages confuse the aunt	plural	singular	singular	engage	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the lawyer greets admire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greet	admires
objrel_that	The men that the lawyer greets avoid the father	plural	singular	singular	greet	avoids
objrel_that	The men that the lawyer stimulates avoid the singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	avoids
objrel_that	The men that the lawyer understands encourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel_that	The men that the mother approves admire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	approve	admires
objrel_that	The men that the mother encourages confuse the uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourage	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the mother engages stimulate the friend	plural	singular	singular	engage	stimulates
objrel_that	The men that the poet observes engage the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observe	engages
objrel_that	The men that the singer greets discourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	greet	discourages
objrel_that	The men that the singer knows understand the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	know	understands
objrel_that	The men that the singer stimulates admire the poet	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	admires
objrel_that	The men that the teacher approves know the father	plural	singular	singular	approve	knows
objrel_that	The men that the teacher inspires stimulate the victim	plural	singular	singular	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that	The men that the teacher remembers greet the farmer	plural	singular	singular	remember	greets
objrel_that	The men that the teacher understands confuse the uncle	plural	singular	singular	understand	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the uncle remembers know the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	remember	knows
objrel_that	The men that the victim stimulates admire the woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	admires
objrel_that	The men that the woman discourages know the farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	knows
objrel_that	The men that the woman stimulates inspire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	inspires
objrel_that	The men that the woman understands engage the victim	plural	singular	singular	understand	engages
objrel_that	The mothers that the athlete discourages greet the teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourage	greets
objrel_that	The mothers that the athlete stimulates remember the victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that	The mothers that the aunt confuses inspire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the aunt greets remember the boy	plural	singular	singular	greet	remembers
objrel_that	The mothers that the boy avoids admire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	avoid	admires
objrel_that	The mothers that the boy observes approve the man	plural	singular	singular	observe	approves
objrel_that	The mothers that the boy understands discourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	understand	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the carpenter admires approve the girl	plural	singular	singular	admire	approves
objrel_that	The mothers that the carpenter avoids discourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the carpenter encourages engage the poet	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel_that	The mothers that the carpenter greets know the victim	plural	singular	singular	greet	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the doctor criticizes remember the teacher	plural	singular	singular	criticize	remembers
objrel_that	The mothers that the farmer avoids approve the man	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel_that	The mothers that the farmer confuses know the aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuse	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the farmer inspires criticize the teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that	The mothers that the farmer observes inspire the friend	plural	singular	singular	observe	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the farmer understands avoid the woman	plural	singular	singular	understand	avoids
objrel_that	The mothers that the father admires encourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	admire	encourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the father understands inspire the singer	plural	singular	singular	understand	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the friend confuses greet the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_that	The mothers that the friend encourages confuse the kid	plural	singular	singular	encourage	confuses
objrel_that	The mothers that the friend stimulates understand the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	understands
objrel_that	The mothers that the girl admires stimulate the friend	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel_that	The mothers that the girl approves avoid the boy	plural	singular	singular	approve	avoids
objrel_that	The mothers that the girl remembers inspire the victim	plural	singular	singular	remember	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the guy avoids encourage the man	plural	singular	singular	avoid	encourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the guy criticizes encourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the guy encourages remember the woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel_that	The mothers that the guy stimulates know the victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the guy stimulates understand the boy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	understands
objrel_that	The mothers that the kid greets understand the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel_that	The mothers that the kid remembers admire the father	plural	singular	singular	remember	admires
objrel_that	The mothers that the lawyer approves observe the doctor	plural	singular	singular	approve	observes
objrel_that	The mothers that the lawyer avoids confuse the victim	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel_that	The mothers that the lawyer stimulates discourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the poet admires confuse the uncle	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel_that	The mothers that the poet approves engage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel_that	The mothers that the poet confuses know the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the singer admires engage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel_that	The mothers that the singer criticizes discourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the singer encourages confuse the guy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	confuses
objrel_that	The mothers that the singer engages greet the girl	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel_that	The mothers that the singer greets understand the man	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel_that	The mothers that the singer inspires understand the woman	plural	singular	singular	inspire	understands
objrel_that	The mothers that the teacher engages know the doctor	plural	singular	singular	engage	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the uncle admires understand the poet	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel_that	The mothers that the uncle approves discourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the uncle approves know the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	approve	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the uncle discourages inspire the singer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the uncle stimulates encourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	encourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the victim encourages inspire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the victim observes remember the kid	plural	singular	singular	observe	remembers
objrel_that	The mothers that the woman encourages approve the kid	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel_that	The poets that the athlete encourages avoid the aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourage	avoids
objrel_that	The poets that the athlete inspires understand the guy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the athlete knows criticize the father	plural	singular	singular	know	criticizes
objrel_that	The poets that the athlete remembers engage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel_that	The poets that the athlete understands know the girl	plural	singular	singular	understand	knows
objrel_that	The poets that the boy observes understand the aunt	plural	singular	singular	observe	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the carpenter greets admire the girl	plural	singular	singular	greet	admires
objrel_that	The poets that the doctor understands greet the woman	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_that	The poets that the farmer approves observe the guy	plural	singular	singular	approve	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the farmer stimulates confuse the victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that	The poets that the father admires understand the man	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the father knows remember the teacher	plural	singular	singular	know	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the father remembers criticize the boy	plural	singular	singular	remember	criticizes
objrel_that	The poets that the father stimulates know the kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	knows
objrel_that	The poets that the friend encourages inspire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The poets that the friend encourages understand the doctor	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the friend greets discourage the girl	plural	singular	singular	greet	discourages
objrel_that	The poets that the friend stimulates understand the girl	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the girl knows avoid the singer	plural	singular	singular	know	avoids
objrel_that	The poets that the girl knows engage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	know	engages
objrel_that	The poets that the girl observes criticize the uncle	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel_that	The poets that the guy avoids remember the aunt	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the guy criticizes approve the friend	plural	singular	singular	criticize	approves
objrel_that	The poets that the guy discourages confuse the boy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	confuses
objrel_that	The poets that the guy observes understand the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	observe	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the kid discourages admire the friend	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel_that	The poets that the lawyer discourages remember the boy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the lawyer encourages stimulate the woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The poets that the lawyer knows stimulate the doctor	plural	singular	singular	know	stimulates
objrel_that	The poets that the man confuses admire the mother	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel_that	The poets that the man criticizes remember the farmer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the man encourages engage the victim	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel_that	The poets that the man greets inspire the father	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel_that	The poets that the mother avoids greet the father	plural	singular	singular	avoid	greets
objrel_that	The poets that the singer avoids observe the doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoid	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the singer confuses understand the victim	plural	singular	singular	confuse	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the singer engages avoid the boy	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel_that	The poets that the singer inspires remember the guy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the teacher admires remember the mother	plural	singular	singular	admire	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the teacher approves discourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel_that	The poets that the teacher encourages understand the woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the teacher remembers understand the boy	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the uncle knows inspire the mother	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel_that	The poets that the uncle understands confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	understand	confuses
objrel_that	The poets that the victim knows confuse the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	know	confuses
objrel_that	The poets that the victim observes encourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel_that	The poets that the victim understands admire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	understand	admires
objrel_that	The poets that the woman discourages confuse the kid	plural	singular	singular	discourage	confuses
objrel_that	The singers that the athlete avoids confuse the farmer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel_that	The singers that the aunt avoids remember the uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The singers that the aunt confuses remember the mother	plural	singular	singular	confuse	remembers
objrel_that	The singers that the aunt engages remember the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	engage	remembers
objrel_that	The singers that the aunt stimulates engage the kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	engages
objrel_that	The singers that the boy understands inspire the girl	plural	singular	singular	understand	inspires
objrel_that	The singers that the carpenter admires stimulate the uncle	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel_that	The singers that the carpenter avoids confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel_that	The singers that the carpenter avoids encourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the carpenter encourages know the victim	plural	singular	singular	encourage	knows
objrel_that	The singers that the carpenter observes discourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	observe	discourages
objrel_that	The singers that the doctor encourages avoid the woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	avoids
objrel_that	The singers that the doctor inspires approve the boy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel_that	The singers that the farmer avoids approve the friend	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel_that	The singers that the farmer avoids engage the man	plural	singular	singular	avoid	engages
objrel_that	The singers that the farmer confuses admire the boy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel_that	The singers that the farmer confuses know the father	plural	singular	singular	confuse	knows
objrel_that	The singers that the farmer encourages stimulate the doctor	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The singers that the farmer encourages stimulate the girl	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The singers that the farmer greets confuse the poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel_that	The singers that the father approves confuse the guy	plural	singular	singular	approve	confuses
objrel_that	The singers that the father confuses admire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel_that	The singers that the friend admires remember the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admire	remembers
objrel_that	The singers that the friend admires stimulate the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel_that	The singers that the friend avoids criticize the teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that	The singers that the friend encourages remember the woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel_that	The singers that the friend observes greet the poet	plural	singular	singular	observe	greets
objrel_that	The singers that the girl encourages approve the man	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel_that	The singers that the guy greets know the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greet	knows
objrel_that	The singers that the guy remembers engage the victim	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel_that	The singers that the kid criticizes discourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	criticize	discourages
objrel_that	The singers that the kid discourages remember the mother	plural	singular	singular	discourage	remembers
objrel_that	The singers that the kid engages criticize the girl	plural	singular	singular	engage	criticizes
objrel_that	The singers that the kid observes encourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the lawyer avoids remember the father	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The singers that the lawyer greets understand the athlete	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel_that	The singers that the man approves stimulate the woman	plural	singular	singular	approve	stimulates
objrel_that	The singers that the man criticizes encourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the man discourages stimulate the victim	plural	singular	singular	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The singers that the man encourages observe the mother	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel_that	The singers that the man knows stimulate the father	plural	singular	singular	know	stimulates
objrel_that	The singers that the man observes admire the kid	plural	singular	singular	observe	admires
objrel_that	The singers that the mother criticizes approve the father	plural	singular	singular	criticize	approves
objrel_that	The singers that the mother remembers confuse the man	plural	singular	singular	remember	confuses
objrel_that	The singers that the mother remembers encourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	remember	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the poet confuses engage the father	plural	singular	singular	confuse	engages
objrel_that	The singers that the poet discourages observe the woman	plural	singular	singular	discourage	observes
objrel_that	The singers that the poet remembers greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	remember	greets
objrel_that	The singers that the poet stimulates admire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	admires
objrel_that	The singers that the teacher remembers discourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel_that	The singers that the uncle admires inspire the boy	plural	singular	singular	admire	inspires
objrel_that	The singers that the uncle approves encourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	approve	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the uncle engages admire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	engage	admires
objrel_that	The singers that the uncle greets avoid the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	greet	avoids
objrel_that	The singers that the uncle inspires greet the farmer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	greets
objrel_that	The singers that the uncle knows engage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	know	engages
objrel_that	The singers that the uncle understands confuse the kid	plural	singular	singular	understand	confuses
objrel_that	The singers that the victim encourages understand the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel_that	The singers that the woman encourages confuse the victim	plural	singular	singular	encourage	confuses
objrel_that	The singers that the woman observes admire the girl	plural	singular	singular	observe	admires
objrel_that	The teachers that the athlete approves inspire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approve	inspires
objrel_that	The teachers that the athlete criticizes greet the singer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel_that	The teachers that the athlete stimulates know the farmer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	knows
objrel_that	The teachers that the athlete understands know the farmer	plural	singular	singular	understand	knows
objrel_that	The teachers that the aunt encourages engage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel_that	The teachers that the aunt understands engage the victim	plural	singular	singular	understand	engages
objrel_that	The teachers that the boy engages discourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	engage	discourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the doctor admires approve the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admire	approves
objrel_that	The teachers that the doctor avoids discourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	avoid	discourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the doctor confuses stimulate the boy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that	The teachers that the doctor observes approve the woman	plural	singular	singular	observe	approves
objrel_that	The teachers that the doctor observes encourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the doctor understands remember the girl	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel_that	The teachers that the farmer discourages understand the uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourage	understands
objrel_that	The teachers that the farmer observes know the guy	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel_that	The teachers that the father criticizes engage the woman	plural	singular	singular	criticize	engages
objrel_that	The teachers that the friend avoids observe the doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoid	observes
objrel_that	The teachers that the girl admires confuse the singer	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel_that	The teachers that the guy confuses observe the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	observes
objrel_that	The teachers that the guy discourages observe the doctor	plural	singular	singular	discourage	observes
objrel_that	The teachers that the kid confuses avoid the singer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the kid knows criticize the aunt	plural	singular	singular	know	criticizes
objrel_that	The teachers that the kid knows remember the boy	plural	singular	singular	know	remembers
objrel_that	The teachers that the lawyer admires encourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	admire	encourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the lawyer criticizes greet the poet	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel_that	The teachers that the man approves remember the girl	plural	singular	singular	approve	remembers
objrel_that	The teachers that the man observes discourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	observe	discourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the mother greets discourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	greet	discourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the poet avoids understand the mother	plural	singular	singular	avoid	understands
objrel_that	The teachers that the poet confuses inspire the friend	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel_that	The teachers that the poet knows avoid the man	plural	singular	singular	know	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the poet understands observe the singer	plural	singular	singular	understand	observes
objrel_that	The teachers that the singer approves discourage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the uncle discourages avoid the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourage	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the uncle greets admire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	greet	admires
objrel_that	The teachers that the uncle observes engage the woman	plural	singular	singular	observe	engages
objrel_that	The teachers that the uncle remembers observe the man	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel_that	The teachers that the victim greets remember the poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	remembers
objrel_that	The teachers that the victim inspires stimulate the mother	plural	singular	singular	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that	The teachers that the woman greets understand the friend	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel_that	The teachers that the woman remembers approve the doctor	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel_that	The teachers that the woman remembers engage the father	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel_that	The uncles that the athlete engages inspire the guy	plural	singular	singular	engage	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the athlete engages remember the singer	plural	singular	singular	engage	remembers
objrel_that	The uncles that the aunt avoids stimulate the poet	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the aunt understands observe the doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	observes
objrel_that	The uncles that the carpenter avoids greet the farmer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	greets
objrel_that	The uncles that the carpenter understands criticize the aunt	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel_that	The uncles that the doctor admires confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel_that	The uncles that the doctor admires discourage the man	plural	singular	singular	admire	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the doctor engages inspire the kid	plural	singular	singular	engage	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the doctor stimulates inspire the poet	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the farmer criticizes observe the doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticize	observes
objrel_that	The uncles that the farmer encourages inspire the guy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the farmer stimulates engage the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	engages
objrel_that	The uncles that the father approves admire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	approve	admires
objrel_that	The uncles that the father approves encourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	approve	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the father encourages approve the farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel_that	The uncles that the father encourages know the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	knows
objrel_that	The uncles that the friend criticizes remember the victim	plural	singular	singular	criticize	remembers
objrel_that	The uncles that the friend criticizes stimulate the woman	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the friend inspires confuse the singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	confuses
objrel_that	The uncles that the girl avoids discourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the girl criticizes avoid the man	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel_that	The uncles that the guy engages discourage the girl	plural	singular	singular	engage	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the kid encourages approve the woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel_that	The uncles that the kid greets stimulate the farmer	plural	singular	singular	greet	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the lawyer inspires understand the teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspire	understands
objrel_that	The uncles that the man engages criticize the father	plural	singular	singular	engage	criticizes
objrel_that	The uncles that the mother observes know the woman	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel_that	The uncles that the mother remembers admire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remember	admires
objrel_that	The uncles that the mother stimulates greet the woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	greets
objrel_that	The uncles that the mother understands remember the woman	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel_that	The uncles that the poet confuses remember the friend	plural	singular	singular	confuse	remembers
objrel_that	The uncles that the poet observes inspire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	observe	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the singer discourages encourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the singer encourages stimulate the girl	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the singer inspires engage the father	plural	singular	singular	inspire	engages
objrel_that	The uncles that the teacher approves greet the girl	plural	singular	singular	approve	greets
objrel_that	The uncles that the victim approves understand the mother	plural	singular	singular	approve	understands
objrel_that	The uncles that the victim greets know the guy	plural	singular	singular	greet	knows
objrel_that	The uncles that the victim inspires admire the boy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	admires
objrel_that	The uncles that the victim inspires discourage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the victim knows observe the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	know	observes
objrel_that	The uncles that the victim stimulates encourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the woman approves stimulate the aunt	plural	singular	singular	approve	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the woman avoids greet the boy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	greets
objrel_that	The uncles that the woman stimulates greet the mother	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	greets
objrel_that	The victims that the athlete encourages discourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourage	discourages
objrel_that	The victims that the aunt criticizes understand the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the aunt discourages understand the singer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the aunt understands remember the doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the boy discourages inspire the mother	plural	singular	singular	discourage	inspires
objrel_that	The victims that the boy inspires encourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	inspire	encourages
objrel_that	The victims that the boy observes understand the uncle	plural	singular	singular	observe	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the carpenter confuses encourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	confuse	encourages
objrel_that	The victims that the carpenter discourages stimulate the guy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The victims that the carpenter inspires stimulate the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that	The victims that the carpenter knows engage the man	plural	singular	singular	know	engages
objrel_that	The victims that the carpenter remembers approve the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel_that	The victims that the doctor encourages confuse the boy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	confuses
objrel_that	The victims that the doctor understands observe the uncle	plural	singular	singular	understand	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the farmer admires understand the uncle	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the farmer avoids stimulate the mother	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that	The victims that the farmer confuses discourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuse	discourages
objrel_that	The victims that the farmer stimulates engage the singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	engages
objrel_that	The victims that the father avoids admire the kid	plural	singular	singular	avoid	admires
objrel_that	The victims that the father inspires criticize the friend	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that	The victims that the father observes criticize the boy	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel_that	The victims that the father remembers know the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remember	knows
objrel_that	The victims that the friend stimulates know the mother	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	knows
objrel_that	The victims that the girl remembers avoid the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remember	avoids
objrel_that	The victims that the guy avoids encourage the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	avoid	encourages
objrel_that	The victims that the guy avoids know the aunt	plural	singular	singular	avoid	knows
objrel_that	The victims that the guy inspires observe the kid	plural	singular	singular	inspire	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the guy observes remember the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observe	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the guy understands encourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel_that	The victims that the kid approves avoid the doctor	plural	singular	singular	approve	avoids
objrel_that	The victims that the kid avoids observe the doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoid	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the kid confuses greet the poet	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_that	The victims that the kid remembers observe the poet	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the kid understands remember the uncle	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the lawyer approves remember the girl	plural	singular	singular	approve	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the lawyer greets confuse the doctor	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel_that	The victims that the mother encourages understand the man	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the mother knows understand the boy	plural	singular	singular	know	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the mother understands encourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel_that	The victims that the singer avoids discourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	discourages
objrel_that	The victims that the singer encourages observe the woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the singer understands greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_that	The victims that the teacher greets observe the guy	plural	singular	singular	greet	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the teacher inspires stimulate the girl	plural	singular	singular	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that	The victims that the uncle admires greet the farmer	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel_that	The victims that the uncle avoids admire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoid	admires
objrel_that	The victims that the uncle encourages know the guy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	knows
objrel_that	The victims that the uncle engages understand the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	engage	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the uncle greets engage the mother	plural	singular	singular	greet	engages
objrel_that	The victims that the woman encourages stimulate the boy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The victims that the woman engages stimulate the athlete	plural	singular	singular	engage	stimulates
objrel_that	The victims that the woman stimulates criticize the boy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_that	The women that the athlete understands avoid the girl	plural	singular	singular	understand	avoids
objrel_that	The women that the aunt approves inspire the victim	plural	singular	singular	approve	inspires
objrel_that	The women that the aunt encourages approve the farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel_that	The women that the aunt observes confuse the uncle	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the boy knows inspire the friend	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel_that	The women that the boy observes avoid the man	plural	singular	singular	observe	avoids
objrel_that	The women that the boy observes confuse the victim	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the boy understands know the athlete	plural	singular	singular	understand	knows
objrel_that	The women that the carpenter admires approve the farmer	plural	singular	singular	admire	approves
objrel_that	The women that the carpenter knows inspire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel_that	The women that the carpenter remembers observe the uncle	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel_that	The women that the doctor knows admire the victim	plural	singular	singular	know	admires
objrel_that	The women that the doctor understands greet the boy	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_that	The women that the farmer criticizes avoid the girl	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel_that	The women that the farmer encourages approve the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel_that	The women that the farmer encourages understand the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel_that	The women that the farmer inspires confuse the poet	plural	singular	singular	inspire	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the father admires encourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admire	encourages
objrel_that	The women that the father avoids discourage the girl	plural	singular	singular	avoid	discourages
objrel_that	The women that the friend admires approve the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admire	approves
objrel_that	The women that the friend engages observe the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	engage	observes
objrel_that	The women that the friend knows admire the boy	plural	singular	singular	know	admires
objrel_that	The women that the friend observes criticize the singer	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel_that	The women that the girl greets inspire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel_that	The women that the girl stimulates encourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	encourages
objrel_that	The women that the kid discourages know the guy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	knows
objrel_that	The women that the kid understands confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	understand	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the lawyer criticizes understand the singer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	understands
objrel_that	The women that the lawyer greets avoid the poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	avoids
objrel_that	The women that the lawyer understands admire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	understand	admires
objrel_that	The women that the man admires observe the athlete	plural	singular	singular	admire	observes
objrel_that	The women that the man approves greet the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approve	greets
objrel_that	The women that the man understands avoid the mother	plural	singular	singular	understand	avoids
objrel_that	The women that the mother encourages inspire the boy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The women that the mother knows observe the kid	plural	singular	singular	know	observes
objrel_that	The women that the poet admires encourage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	admire	encourages
objrel_that	The women that the poet confuses avoid the girl	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel_that	The women that the poet observes inspire the man	plural	singular	singular	observe	inspires
objrel_that	The women that the poet remembers observe the girl	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel_that	The women that the poet stimulates approve the girl	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	approves
objrel_that	The women that the singer engages discourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	engage	discourages
objrel_that	The women that the teacher observes know the guy	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel_that	The women that the uncle knows observe the poet	plural	singular	singular	know	observes
objrel_that	The women that the uncle stimulates observe the victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	observes
objrel_that	The women that the uncle understands greet the victim	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_that	The women that the victim discourages greet the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourage	greets
objrel_that	The women that the victim engages approve the girl	plural	singular	singular	engage	approves
objrel_that	The women that the victim observes encourage the father	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the aunt confuses approve the men	plural	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objrel_that	The athletes that the aunt confuses remember the kids	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the aunt understands criticize the teachers	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel_that	The athletes that the boy approves engage the women	plural	singular	plural	approve	engages
objrel_that	The athletes that the boy criticizes remember the aunts	plural	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the boy inspires engage the friends	plural	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objrel_that	The athletes that the carpenter avoids observe the doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel_that	The athletes that the carpenter greets engage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greet	engages
objrel_that	The athletes that the carpenter stimulates inspire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objrel_that	The athletes that the carpenter understands admire the poets	plural	singular	plural	understand	admires
objrel_that	The athletes that the doctor avoids remember the girls	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the doctor engages remember the mothers	plural	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the farmer engages greet the men	plural	singular	plural	engage	greets
objrel_that	The athletes that the farmer engages observe the fathers	plural	singular	plural	engage	observes
objrel_that	The athletes that the farmer knows encourage the guys	plural	singular	plural	know	encourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the farmer stimulates encourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the farmer stimulates remember the poets	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the father approves admire the women	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel_that	The athletes that the father approves stimulate the uncles	plural	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objrel_that	The athletes that the father criticizes know the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel_that	The athletes that the friend approves remember the teachers	plural	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the friend encourages observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel_that	The athletes that the friend stimulates approve the farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel_that	The athletes that the girl confuses observe the kids	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel_that	The athletes that the guy admires observe the aunts	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that	The athletes that the guy observes understand the mothers	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel_that	The athletes that the guy remembers discourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the kid encourages admire the friends	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel_that	The athletes that the kid remembers inspire the friends	plural	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objrel_that	The athletes that the lawyer remembers greet the farmers	plural	singular	plural	remember	greets
objrel_that	The athletes that the man admires know the aunts	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel_that	The athletes that the man encourages stimulate the teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The athletes that the mother engages know the aunts	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel_that	The athletes that the poet avoids inspire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objrel_that	The athletes that the poet greets criticize the farmers	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel_that	The athletes that the singer admires approve the poets	plural	singular	plural	admire	approves
objrel_that	The athletes that the singer confuses know the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objrel_that	The athletes that the teacher encourages remember the kids	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the uncle approves discourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the uncle encourages inspire the singers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The athletes that the uncle understands approve the poets	plural	singular	plural	understand	approves
objrel_that	The athletes that the victim knows confuse the women	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel_that	The athletes that the victim stimulates understand the doctors	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objrel_that	The athletes that the woman approves avoid the fathers	plural	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objrel_that	The athletes that the woman confuses stimulate the aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that	The athletes that the woman engages encourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	engage	encourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the woman greets avoid the guys	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the athlete admires understand the doctors	plural	singular	plural	admire	understands
objrel_that	The aunts that the athlete approves stimulate the mothers	plural	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objrel_that	The aunts that the athlete avoids encourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the boy confuses avoid the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the boy encourages greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel_that	The aunts that the boy remembers understand the fathers	plural	singular	plural	remember	understands
objrel_that	The aunts that the carpenter remembers criticize the uncles	plural	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objrel_that	The aunts that the carpenter remembers inspire the poets	plural	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objrel_that	The aunts that the carpenter stimulates discourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the carpenter understands discourage the friends	plural	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the doctor admires inspire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objrel_that	The aunts that the doctor admires observe the fathers	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the doctor encourages greet the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel_that	The aunts that the doctor inspires understand the poets	plural	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objrel_that	The aunts that the doctor observes greet the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observe	greets
objrel_that	The aunts that the farmer understands criticize the friends	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel_that	The aunts that the father discourages avoid the athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the friend approves confuse the men	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel_that	The aunts that the friend engages stimulate the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objrel_that	The aunts that the friend knows approve the athletes	plural	singular	plural	know	approves
objrel_that	The aunts that the girl criticizes remember the teachers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objrel_that	The aunts that the girl greets approve the boys	plural	singular	plural	greet	approves
objrel_that	The aunts that the guy discourages inspire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objrel_that	The aunts that the guy greets understand the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greet	understands
objrel_that	The aunts that the kid approves admire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel_that	The aunts that the kid criticizes encourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the kid inspires confuse the farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel_that	The aunts that the kid knows observe the victims	plural	singular	plural	know	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the kid observes criticize the mothers	plural	singular	plural	observe	criticizes
objrel_that	The aunts that the man remembers know the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remember	knows
objrel_that	The aunts that the mother encourages avoid the teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the mother stimulates criticize the friends	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_that	The aunts that the mother stimulates observe the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the poet inspires admire the victims	plural	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objrel_that	The aunts that the singer admires avoid the women	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the singer encourages greet the teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel_that	The aunts that the singer remembers understand the women	plural	singular	plural	remember	understands
objrel_that	The aunts that the teacher greets observe the girls	plural	singular	plural	greet	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the uncle confuses stimulate the victims	plural	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that	The aunts that the uncle observes admire the women	plural	singular	plural	observe	admires
objrel_that	The aunts that the victim inspires observe the poets	plural	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the victim knows remember the uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel_that	The aunts that the woman avoids know the boys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_that	The aunts that the woman discourages avoid the poets	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the woman engages confuse the friends	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel_that	The boys that the athlete admires know the doctors	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel_that	The boys that the athlete avoids engage the poets	plural	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objrel_that	The boys that the athlete avoids greet the fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel_that	The boys that the athlete avoids stimulate the kids	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the athlete discourages stimulate the singers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the athlete greets admire the aunts	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel_that	The boys that the athlete inspires discourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel_that	The boys that the athlete knows inspire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	inspires
objrel_that	The boys that the athlete observes greet the girls	plural	singular	plural	observe	greets
objrel_that	The boys that the athlete remembers admire the friends	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel_that	The boys that the athlete stimulates engage the victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objrel_that	The boys that the aunt admires approve the guys	plural	singular	plural	admire	approves
objrel_that	The boys that the aunt knows approve the athletes	plural	singular	plural	know	approves
objrel_that	The boys that the aunt stimulates greet the poets	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objrel_that	The boys that the carpenter observes engage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	observe	engages
objrel_that	The boys that the doctor avoids observe the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel_that	The boys that the doctor remembers engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remember	engages
objrel_that	The boys that the farmer encourages inspire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The boys that the father remembers discourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objrel_that	The boys that the friend approves discourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel_that	The boys that the friend confuses stimulate the women	plural	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the friend criticizes understand the men	plural	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objrel_that	The boys that the friend encourages know the athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel_that	The boys that the friend stimulates understand the uncles	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objrel_that	The boys that the girl approves engage the friends	plural	singular	plural	approve	engages
objrel_that	The boys that the guy criticizes admire the victims	plural	singular	plural	criticize	admires
objrel_that	The boys that the guy discourages stimulate the uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the guy engages stimulate the friends	plural	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the guy remembers know the friends	plural	singular	plural	remember	knows
objrel_that	The boys that the kid criticizes confuse the athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objrel_that	The boys that the kid inspires criticize the women	plural	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that	The boys that the lawyer remembers avoid the uncles	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel_that	The boys that the man encourages inspire the victims	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The boys that the man encourages stimulate the mothers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the mother encourages engage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objrel_that	The boys that the mother inspires confuse the doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel_that	The boys that the poet approves discourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel_that	The boys that the singer confuses remember the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel_that	The boys that the singer knows criticize the guys	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel_that	The boys that the singer knows stimulate the women	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the teacher avoids observe the athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel_that	The boys that the uncle admires know the athletes	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel_that	The boys that the uncle avoids observe the aunts	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel_that	The boys that the uncle encourages know the friends	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel_that	The carpenters that the athlete criticizes inspire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the aunt approves know the kids	plural	singular	plural	approve	knows
objrel_that	The carpenters that the aunt confuses encourage the women	plural	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the aunt observes know the kids	plural	singular	plural	observe	knows
objrel_that	The carpenters that the aunt stimulates engage the boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the boy confuses approve the farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objrel_that	The carpenters that the boy greets avoid the farmers	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that	The carpenters that the boy knows confuse the uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel_that	The carpenters that the boy remembers greet the friends	plural	singular	plural	remember	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the boy stimulates admire the victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the boy understands criticize the uncles	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctor avoids confuse the victims	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctor avoids inspire the aunts	plural	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctor avoids stimulate the girls	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctor engages criticize the farmers	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctor knows confuse the boys	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctor knows stimulate the fathers	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctor observes know the guys	plural	singular	plural	observe	knows
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctor observes know the women	plural	singular	plural	observe	knows
objrel_that	The carpenters that the farmer avoids admire the singers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the farmer confuses discourage the guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the farmer encourages admire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the farmer remembers confuse the doctors	plural	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objrel_that	The carpenters that the farmer stimulates engage the kids	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the father approves admire the guys	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the friend approves observe the women	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the girl confuses avoid the kids	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel_that	The carpenters that the girl encourages criticize the teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the guy criticizes avoid the fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objrel_that	The carpenters that the guy criticizes observe the victims	plural	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the guy encourages observe the aunts	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the kid criticizes engage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the kid greets admire the doctors	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the kid stimulates admire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the man admires understand the singers	plural	singular	plural	admire	understands
objrel_that	The carpenters that the man criticizes understand the aunts	plural	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objrel_that	The carpenters that the man encourages remember the poets	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel_that	The carpenters that the mother criticizes inspire the poets	plural	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the mother engages discourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the mother inspires greet the aunts	plural	singular	plural	inspire	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the mother remembers encourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the mother remembers encourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the mother stimulates discourage the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the mother understands approve the aunts	plural	singular	plural	understand	approves
objrel_that	The carpenters that the poet approves stimulate the girls	plural	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the poet avoids stimulate the victims	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the poet encourages greet the girls	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the poet inspires discourage the friends	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the poet understands inspire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the singer approves admire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the singer discourages observe the fathers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the singer encourages criticize the victims	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the singer greets discourage the women	plural	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the singer remembers stimulate the mothers	plural	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the teacher knows greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the uncle confuses encourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the uncle engages greet the poets	plural	singular	plural	engage	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the victim criticizes avoid the aunts	plural	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objrel_that	The carpenters that the victim knows stimulate the athletes	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the victim observes encourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the victim remembers approve the kids	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel_that	The carpenters that the woman encourages engage the singers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the woman understands greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	understand	greets
objrel_that	The doctors that the athlete encourages admire the friends	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel_that	The doctors that the aunt greets engage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greet	engages
objrel_that	The doctors that the aunt understands admire the guys	plural	singular	plural	understand	admires
objrel_that	The doctors that the boy approves observe the kids	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel_that	The doctors that the boy avoids engage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objrel_that	The doctors that the boy engages confuse the poets	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel_that	The doctors that the boy engages know the singers	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel_that	The doctors that the boy knows avoid the uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel_that	The doctors that the carpenter encourages approve the boys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel_that	The doctors that the carpenter engages inspire the women	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel_that	The doctors that the farmer observes stimulate the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objrel_that	The doctors that the farmer observes understand the guys	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel_that	The doctors that the father knows avoid the teachers	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel_that	The doctors that the father understands confuse the uncles	plural	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objrel_that	The doctors that the friend admires encourage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the friend approves greet the boys	plural	singular	plural	approve	greets
objrel_that	The doctors that the friend encourages greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel_that	The doctors that the friend observes approve the men	plural	singular	plural	observe	approves
objrel_that	The doctors that the girl stimulates approve the athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel_that	The doctors that the guy approves discourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the guy approves discourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the lawyer encourages approve the farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel_that	The doctors that the lawyer encourages know the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel_that	The doctors that the lawyer engages confuse the kids	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel_that	The doctors that the lawyer inspires confuse the men	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel_that	The doctors that the lawyer remembers engage the women	plural	singular	plural	remember	engages
objrel_that	The doctors that the man admires understand the victims	plural	singular	plural	admire	understands
objrel_that	The doctors that the mother admires approve the farmers	plural	singular	plural	admire	approves
objrel_that	The doctors that the mother discourages remember the friends	plural	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the mother greets admire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel_that	The doctors that the mother inspires observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objrel_that	The doctors that the mother inspires remember the uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the mother remembers criticize the kids	plural	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objrel_that	The doctors that the mother understands encourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the singer engages encourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	engage	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the teacher admires remember the aunts	plural	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the teacher remembers confuse the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objrel_that	The doctors that the uncle discourages avoid the guys	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel_that	The doctors that the uncle encourages inspire the friends	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The doctors that the uncle engages know the friends	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel_that	The doctors that the victim greets admire the poets	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel_that	The doctors that the victim greets admire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel_that	The doctors that the victim knows stimulate the poets	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel_that	The doctors that the victim remembers approve the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel_that	The doctors that the woman engages inspire the aunts	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel_that	The doctors that the woman greets admire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel_that	The doctors that the woman understands encourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the athlete confuses engage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objrel_that	The farmers that the athlete criticizes encourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the aunt observes inspire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objrel_that	The farmers that the boy approves greet the teachers	plural	singular	plural	approve	greets
objrel_that	The farmers that the boy understands admire the guys	plural	singular	plural	understand	admires
objrel_that	The farmers that the carpenter encourages discourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	encourage	discourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the carpenter knows avoid the girls	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel_that	The farmers that the doctor avoids know the singers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_that	The farmers that the doctor criticizes encourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the father criticizes know the doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel_that	The farmers that the father discourages observe the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objrel_that	The farmers that the father greets confuse the kids	plural	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objrel_that	The farmers that the father remembers criticize the singers	plural	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objrel_that	The farmers that the father stimulates greet the victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objrel_that	The farmers that the friend confuses stimulate the doctors	plural	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that	The farmers that the friend greets stimulate the mothers	plural	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objrel_that	The farmers that the friend inspires engage the victims	plural	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objrel_that	The farmers that the friend knows remember the kids	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel_that	The farmers that the girl approves criticize the poets	plural	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objrel_that	The farmers that the guy admires greet the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	admire	greets
objrel_that	The farmers that the guy avoids observe the men	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel_that	The farmers that the kid admires observe the aunts	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that	The farmers that the kid approves stimulate the friends	plural	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objrel_that	The farmers that the kid discourages remember the uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objrel_that	The farmers that the kid inspires encourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the kid knows criticize the athletes	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel_that	The farmers that the lawyer discourages avoid the aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel_that	The farmers that the lawyer engages avoid the aunts	plural	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objrel_that	The farmers that the lawyer greets admire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel_that	The farmers that the lawyer understands greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	understand	greets
objrel_that	The farmers that the lawyer understands inspire the singers	plural	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objrel_that	The farmers that the man inspires observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objrel_that	The farmers that the man inspires remember the uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objrel_that	The farmers that the mother engages encourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engage	encourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the mother remembers know the teachers	plural	singular	plural	remember	knows
objrel_that	The farmers that the singer approves confuse the kids	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel_that	The farmers that the singer criticizes know the boys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel_that	The farmers that the teacher approves greet the guys	plural	singular	plural	approve	greets
objrel_that	The farmers that the teacher encourages observe the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel_that	The farmers that the teacher inspires admire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objrel_that	The farmers that the teacher inspires remember the mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objrel_that	The farmers that the teacher stimulates approve the victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel_that	The farmers that the teacher understands remember the kids	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel_that	The farmers that the victim avoids stimulate the mothers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that	The farmers that the victim confuses avoid the boys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel_that	The farmers that the victim engages understand the women	plural	singular	plural	engage	understands
objrel_that	The farmers that the victim inspires confuse the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel_that	The farmers that the victim observes discourage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the woman knows encourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	encourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the athlete discourages admire the doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the athlete discourages approve the women	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel_that	The fathers that the athlete encourages discourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	encourage	discourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the athlete observes greet the women	plural	singular	plural	observe	greets
objrel_that	The fathers that the aunt criticizes understand the farmers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objrel_that	The fathers that the aunt knows remember the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel_that	The fathers that the aunt stimulates discourage the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the boy avoids criticize the men	plural	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that	The fathers that the carpenter admires avoid the friends	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel_that	The fathers that the carpenter confuses approve the mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objrel_that	The fathers that the carpenter confuses remember the victims	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel_that	The fathers that the carpenter criticizes engage the men	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel_that	The fathers that the carpenter remembers engage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	remember	engages
objrel_that	The fathers that the carpenter stimulates observe the farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel_that	The fathers that the doctor criticizes approve the friends	plural	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objrel_that	The fathers that the doctor remembers discourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the doctor stimulates greet the kids	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objrel_that	The fathers that the farmer avoids confuse the mothers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel_that	The fathers that the friend stimulates confuse the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that	The fathers that the girl criticizes greet the boys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objrel_that	The fathers that the girl encourages criticize the guys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The fathers that the girl inspires criticize the poets	plural	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that	The fathers that the guy admires know the boys	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel_that	The fathers that the guy confuses avoid the girls	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel_that	The fathers that the guy knows engage the kids	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel_that	The fathers that the kid approves avoid the women	plural	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objrel_that	The fathers that the kid approves greet the doctors	plural	singular	plural	approve	greets
objrel_that	The fathers that the kid avoids confuse the uncles	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel_that	The fathers that the kid encourages criticize the aunts	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The fathers that the man encourages greet the teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel_that	The fathers that the man understands approve the athletes	plural	singular	plural	understand	approves
objrel_that	The fathers that the mother encourages inspire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The fathers that the mother greets encourage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the poet criticizes remember the mothers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objrel_that	The fathers that the poet encourages inspire the doctors	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The fathers that the poet engages approve the victims	plural	singular	plural	engage	approves
objrel_that	The fathers that the poet knows admire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	know	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the poet observes criticize the singers	plural	singular	plural	observe	criticizes
objrel_that	The fathers that the singer admires encourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the singer engages understand the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engage	understands
objrel_that	The fathers that the teacher approves admire the victims	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the teacher remembers approve the farmers	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel_that	The fathers that the teacher remembers encourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the uncle approves inspire the men	plural	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objrel_that	The fathers that the uncle discourages observe the victims	plural	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objrel_that	The fathers that the woman approves observe the aunts	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel_that	The fathers that the woman confuses discourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the woman discourages confuse the athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objrel_that	The fathers that the woman discourages understand the poets	plural	singular	plural	discourage	understands
objrel_that	The fathers that the woman knows encourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	know	encourages
objrel_that	The friends that the athlete inspires discourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel_that	The friends that the aunt admires stimulate the fathers	plural	singular	plural	admire	stimulates
objrel_that	The friends that the boy admires avoid the women	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel_that	The friends that the boy discourages inspire the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objrel_that	The friends that the boy knows understand the men	plural	singular	plural	know	understands
objrel_that	The friends that the carpenter approves remember the fathers	plural	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objrel_that	The friends that the carpenter criticizes inspire the girls	plural	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objrel_that	The friends that the carpenter discourages approve the victims	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel_that	The friends that the carpenter remembers engage the women	plural	singular	plural	remember	engages
objrel_that	The friends that the doctor avoids remember the kids	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The friends that the doctor encourages criticize the boys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The friends that the doctor encourages inspire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The friends that the doctor knows observe the uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	observes
objrel_that	The friends that the farmer approves observe the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel_that	The friends that the farmer discourages approve the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel_that	The friends that the farmer remembers confuse the aunts	plural	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objrel_that	The friends that the girl remembers understand the victims	plural	singular	plural	remember	understands
objrel_that	The friends that the guy admires criticize the fathers	plural	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objrel_that	The friends that the guy approves discourage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel_that	The friends that the guy observes remember the teachers	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel_that	The friends that the kid approves inspire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objrel_that	The friends that the kid approves understand the singers	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel_that	The friends that the kid criticizes discourage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel_that	The friends that the lawyer admires avoid the poets	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel_that	The friends that the man avoids understand the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	understands
objrel_that	The friends that the man knows avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel_that	The friends that the mother greets approve the guys	plural	singular	plural	greet	approves
objrel_that	The friends that the mother greets inspire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objrel_that	The friends that the mother understands criticize the poets	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel_that	The friends that the poet inspires admire the women	plural	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objrel_that	The friends that the poet inspires greet the teachers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	greets
objrel_that	The friends that the singer understands confuse the aunts	plural	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objrel_that	The friends that the singer understands stimulate the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objrel_that	The friends that the teacher approves criticize the aunts	plural	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objrel_that	The friends that the teacher inspires observe the girls	plural	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objrel_that	The friends that the uncle engages confuse the farmers	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel_that	The friends that the victim observes stimulate the men	plural	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objrel_that	The friends that the woman discourages confuse the athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objrel_that	The friends that the woman inspires encourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objrel_that	The girls that the athlete approves discourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel_that	The girls that the aunt discourages criticize the victims	plural	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The girls that the aunt engages know the doctors	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel_that	The girls that the aunt remembers criticize the uncles	plural	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objrel_that	The girls that the boy approves discourage the men	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel_that	The girls that the boy criticizes stimulate the guys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that	The girls that the carpenter admires know the kids	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel_that	The girls that the carpenter avoids remember the women	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the carpenter understands confuse the poets	plural	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objrel_that	The girls that the doctor confuses remember the teachers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the doctor inspires criticize the farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that	The girls that the doctor understands observe the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	understand	observes
objrel_that	The girls that the farmer admires discourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objrel_that	The girls that the farmer admires remember the women	plural	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the farmer remembers inspire the kids	plural	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objrel_that	The girls that the father confuses remember the guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the father criticizes remember the farmers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the father inspires stimulate the boys	plural	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that	The girls that the friend admires avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel_that	The girls that the friend confuses admire the singers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel_that	The girls that the friend stimulates confuse the athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that	The girls that the guy criticizes discourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel_that	The girls that the kid greets criticize the victims	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel_that	The girls that the kid greets discourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objrel_that	The girls that the lawyer approves encourage the men	plural	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objrel_that	The girls that the lawyer confuses criticize the friends	plural	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that	The girls that the lawyer inspires avoid the victims	plural	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objrel_that	The girls that the lawyer inspires criticize the teachers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that	The girls that the man discourages remember the friends	plural	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the man observes admire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	observe	admires
objrel_that	The girls that the mother remembers encourage the kids	plural	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objrel_that	The girls that the poet avoids confuse the men	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel_that	The girls that the poet encourages engage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objrel_that	The girls that the poet stimulates avoid the guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objrel_that	The girls that the poet understands remember the friends	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the singer avoids confuse the mothers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel_that	The girls that the singer avoids know the men	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_that	The girls that the singer knows engage the boys	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel_that	The girls that the teacher discourages stimulate the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The girls that the teacher inspires stimulate the men	plural	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that	The girls that the teacher knows remember the women	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the uncle criticizes engage the singers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel_that	The girls that the uncle discourages admire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel_that	The girls that the uncle understands inspire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objrel_that	The girls that the victim approves confuse the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel_that	The girls that the victim greets admire the women	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel_that	The girls that the woman discourages know the uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the athlete greets discourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objrel_that	The guys that the athlete remembers know the aunts	plural	singular	plural	remember	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the athlete stimulates encourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the aunt criticizes avoid the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the boy greets approve the poets	plural	singular	plural	greet	approves
objrel_that	The guys that the boy observes approve the athletes	plural	singular	plural	observe	approves
objrel_that	The guys that the boy stimulates observe the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel_that	The guys that the carpenter avoids remember the poets	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The guys that the carpenter discourages inspire the friends	plural	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objrel_that	The guys that the carpenter understands discourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objrel_that	The guys that the doctor criticizes understand the uncles	plural	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objrel_that	The guys that the doctor engages approve the fathers	plural	singular	plural	engage	approves
objrel_that	The guys that the doctor stimulates encourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the doctor stimulates know the athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the farmer admires discourage the women	plural	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objrel_that	The guys that the farmer criticizes confuse the athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objrel_that	The guys that the farmer knows inspire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	know	inspires
objrel_that	The guys that the farmer remembers avoid the singers	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the farmer remembers criticize the friends	plural	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objrel_that	The guys that the father criticizes encourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the father discourages stimulate the singers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the father encourages inspire the victims	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The guys that the father engages know the kids	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the friend avoids observe the women	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel_that	The guys that the friend criticizes stimulate the doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the girl admires encourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the girl understands criticize the farmers	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel_that	The guys that the kid inspires confuse the singers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel_that	The guys that the lawyer avoids know the men	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the lawyer avoids remember the men	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The guys that the man avoids encourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the man knows remember the mothers	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel_that	The guys that the man stimulates avoid the doctors	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the poet encourages criticize the kids	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The guys that the poet engages observe the fathers	plural	singular	plural	engage	observes
objrel_that	The guys that the poet observes remember the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel_that	The guys that the singer admires approve the victims	plural	singular	plural	admire	approves
objrel_that	The guys that the singer confuses encourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the singer knows inspire the kids	plural	singular	plural	know	inspires
objrel_that	The guys that the singer remembers encourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the teacher criticizes stimulate the poets	plural	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the teacher discourages know the women	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the teacher encourages admire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel_that	The guys that the teacher observes know the kids	plural	singular	plural	observe	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the uncle engages criticize the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel_that	The guys that the uncle greets avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the victim admires observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that	The guys that the victim inspires remember the girls	plural	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objrel_that	The guys that the victim knows criticize the athletes	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel_that	The guys that the victim knows criticize the women	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel_that	The guys that the victim observes engage the friends	plural	singular	plural	observe	engages
objrel_that	The guys that the woman inspires confuse the farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel_that	The guys that the woman knows approve the kids	plural	singular	plural	know	approves
objrel_that	The guys that the woman knows confuse the poets	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel_that	The guys that the woman remembers avoid the boys	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the woman remembers encourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objrel_that	The kids that the aunt remembers discourage the men	plural	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objrel_that	The kids that the carpenter discourages engage the singers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objrel_that	The kids that the carpenter engages discourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objrel_that	The kids that the carpenter knows stimulate the friends	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the doctor admires approve the farmers	plural	singular	plural	admire	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the doctor approves criticize the farmers	plural	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objrel_that	The kids that the doctor approves inspire the guys	plural	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objrel_that	The kids that the doctor encourages confuse the boys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objrel_that	The kids that the doctor inspires greet the athletes	plural	singular	plural	inspire	greets
objrel_that	The kids that the doctor knows understand the boys	plural	singular	plural	know	understands
objrel_that	The kids that the farmer confuses avoid the women	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel_that	The kids that the friend encourages admire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the friend greets discourage the women	plural	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objrel_that	The kids that the girl admires avoid the singers	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel_that	The kids that the girl approves remember the poets	plural	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objrel_that	The kids that the girl encourages inspire the victims	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The kids that the girl encourages stimulate the women	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the girl inspires discourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel_that	The kids that the girl understands discourage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objrel_that	The kids that the guy greets avoid the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that	The kids that the guy greets observe the men	plural	singular	plural	greet	observes
objrel_that	The kids that the lawyer inspires approve the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the man engages avoid the boys	plural	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objrel_that	The kids that the man greets inspire the singers	plural	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objrel_that	The kids that the man observes inspire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objrel_that	The kids that the mother approves observe the fathers	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel_that	The kids that the mother approves observe the guys	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel_that	The kids that the mother avoids criticize the doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that	The kids that the poet avoids greet the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel_that	The kids that the poet understands approve the victims	plural	singular	plural	understand	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the singer approves criticize the boys	plural	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objrel_that	The kids that the singer discourages criticize the boys	plural	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The kids that the teacher inspires stimulate the singers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the teacher observes encourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objrel_that	The kids that the teacher remembers discourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objrel_that	The kids that the uncle approves engage the poets	plural	singular	plural	approve	engages
objrel_that	The kids that the victim criticizes observe the doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objrel_that	The kids that the victim greets admire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the victim inspires approve the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the woman greets engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greet	engages
objrel_that	The kids that the woman stimulates observe the aunts	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the athlete approves admire the aunts	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the athlete encourages approve the victims	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the athlete inspires engage the poets	plural	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the athlete stimulates encourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the aunt approves criticize the athletes	plural	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the aunt approves discourage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the aunt approves understand the men	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel_that	The lawyers that the aunt discourages criticize the uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the boy understands greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	understand	greets
objrel_that	The lawyers that the boy understands stimulate the farmers	plural	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objrel_that	The lawyers that the carpenter discourages encourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the carpenter remembers understand the teachers	plural	singular	plural	remember	understands
objrel_that	The lawyers that the carpenter understands confuse the fathers	plural	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objrel_that	The lawyers that the doctor admires inspire the victims	plural	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the farmer criticizes observe the fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the farmer discourages approve the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the farmer observes confuse the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objrel_that	The lawyers that the father encourages admire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the father engages observe the girls	plural	singular	plural	engage	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the friend discourages understand the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourage	understands
objrel_that	The lawyers that the friend encourages approve the poets	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the girl approves admire the boys	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the girl discourages avoid the kids	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel_that	The lawyers that the girl engages stimulate the singers	plural	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objrel_that	The lawyers that the girl inspires remember the mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objrel_that	The lawyers that the girl knows engage the friends	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the girl stimulates confuse the athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that	The lawyers that the girl understands encourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the kid approves confuse the men	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel_that	The lawyers that the kid criticizes inspire the doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the kid knows confuse the boys	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel_that	The lawyers that the man remembers discourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the man understands confuse the mothers	plural	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objrel_that	The lawyers that the mother approves observe the singers	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the mother criticizes approve the farmers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the mother discourages observe the singers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the mother encourages remember the friends	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel_that	The lawyers that the mother greets encourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the mother knows greet the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	know	greets
objrel_that	The lawyers that the mother stimulates greet the victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objrel_that	The lawyers that the singer remembers avoid the fathers	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel_that	The lawyers that the singer understands admire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	understand	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the teacher avoids stimulate the farmers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that	The lawyers that the teacher knows stimulate the doctors	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel_that	The lawyers that the uncle greets approve the poets	plural	singular	plural	greet	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the uncle stimulates confuse the guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that	The lawyers that the uncle stimulates inspire the doctors	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the victim engages criticize the athletes	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the victim engages stimulate the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objrel_that	The lawyers that the victim engages understand the guys	plural	singular	plural	engage	understands
objrel_that	The lawyers that the victim stimulates approve the mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel_that	The men that the athlete admires confuse the girls	plural	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the athlete engages confuse the women	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the athlete knows stimulate the friends	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel_that	The men that the boy avoids know the guys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_that	The men that the boy engages criticize the singers	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel_that	The men that the boy engages know the women	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel_that	The men that the boy greets engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greet	engages
objrel_that	The men that the boy understands criticize the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel_that	The men that the carpenter avoids confuse the women	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the carpenter avoids engage the women	plural	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objrel_that	The men that the carpenter discourages understand the poets	plural	singular	plural	discourage	understands
objrel_that	The men that the carpenter knows admire the singers	plural	singular	plural	know	admires
objrel_that	The men that the carpenter understands criticize the poets	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel_that	The men that the doctor confuses inspire the aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel_that	The men that the doctor discourages avoid the aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel_that	The men that the doctor discourages criticize the uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The men that the doctor knows encourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	know	encourages
objrel_that	The men that the farmer avoids admire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objrel_that	The men that the farmer avoids confuse the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the farmer encourages observe the aunts	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel_that	The men that the farmer greets avoid the boys	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that	The men that the farmer observes greet the aunts	plural	singular	plural	observe	greets
objrel_that	The men that the father avoids remember the boys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The men that the father criticizes discourage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel_that	The men that the father inspires stimulate the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that	The men that the friend criticizes encourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objrel_that	The men that the friend encourages observe the women	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel_that	The men that the girl admires engage the singers	plural	singular	plural	admire	engages
objrel_that	The men that the girl discourages encourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel_that	The men that the girl discourages inspire the doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objrel_that	The men that the guy confuses discourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objrel_that	The men that the guy understands remember the aunts	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel_that	The men that the kid approves stimulate the mothers	plural	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objrel_that	The men that the kid confuses understand the uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objrel_that	The men that the kid knows criticize the victims	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel_that	The men that the kid remembers stimulate the victims	plural	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objrel_that	The men that the lawyer greets admire the doctors	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel_that	The men that the mother discourages confuse the fathers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the mother inspires discourage the friends	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel_that	The men that the mother remembers know the aunts	plural	singular	plural	remember	knows
objrel_that	The men that the mother understands approve the aunts	plural	singular	plural	understand	approves
objrel_that	The men that the singer approves admire the poets	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel_that	The men that the singer knows confuse the victims	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the teacher greets observe the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greet	observes
objrel_that	The men that the teacher knows engage the victims	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel_that	The men that the teacher remembers confuse the singers	plural	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the teacher stimulates confuse the farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the uncle greets avoid the poets	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that	The men that the victim avoids stimulate the guys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that	The men that the victim stimulates know the girls	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objrel_that	The men that the woman remembers engage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	remember	engages
objrel_that	The mothers that the aunt avoids remember the kids	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The mothers that the aunt knows avoid the victims	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel_that	The mothers that the aunt understands engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	engages
objrel_that	The mothers that the boy admires approve the athletes	plural	singular	plural	admire	approves
objrel_that	The mothers that the boy discourages avoid the friends	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel_that	The mothers that the boy engages stimulate the friends	plural	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objrel_that	The mothers that the carpenter approves observe the aunts	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel_that	The mothers that the carpenter confuses inspire the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the carpenter observes understand the friends	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel_that	The mothers that the doctor approves remember the guys	plural	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objrel_that	The mothers that the doctor avoids stimulate the farmers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that	The mothers that the doctor discourages understand the women	plural	singular	plural	discourage	understands
objrel_that	The mothers that the farmer admires confuse the teachers	plural	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objrel_that	The mothers that the farmer encourages remember the athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel_that	The mothers that the father confuses stimulate the guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that	The mothers that the father inspires understand the guys	plural	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objrel_that	The mothers that the father stimulates discourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the father understands admire the kids	plural	singular	plural	understand	admires
objrel_that	The mothers that the friend confuses observe the women	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel_that	The mothers that the girl greets engage the guys	plural	singular	plural	greet	engages
objrel_that	The mothers that the guy avoids confuse the doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel_that	The mothers that the guy remembers observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	remember	observes
objrel_that	The mothers that the kid confuses remember the doctors	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel_that	The mothers that the kid inspires know the boys	plural	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the lawyer understands discourage the men	plural	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the man confuses encourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the man criticizes admire the doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticize	admires
objrel_that	The mothers that the man criticizes know the victims	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the man discourages observe the doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objrel_that	The mothers that the man understands avoid the fathers	plural	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objrel_that	The mothers that the poet encourages discourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	encourage	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the poet knows admire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	know	admires
objrel_that	The mothers that the poet understands encourage the women	plural	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the teacher criticizes remember the farmers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objrel_that	The mothers that the teacher discourages criticize the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The mothers that the teacher stimulates greet the women	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objrel_that	The mothers that the victim approves greet the guys	plural	singular	plural	approve	greets
objrel_that	The mothers that the victim criticizes know the farmers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the victim encourages engage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objrel_that	The mothers that the victim inspires stimulate the men	plural	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that	The mothers that the woman admires observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that	The mothers that the woman approves criticize the boys	plural	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objrel_that	The poets that the athlete admires approve the mothers	plural	singular	plural	admire	approves
objrel_that	The poets that the athlete stimulates approve the farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel_that	The poets that the aunt greets observe the doctors	plural	singular	plural	greet	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the aunt observes understand the farmers	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the boy avoids approve the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objrel_that	The poets that the boy criticizes avoid the singers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objrel_that	The poets that the boy criticizes confuse the athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objrel_that	The poets that the carpenter greets criticize the teachers	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel_that	The poets that the carpenter knows greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	greets
objrel_that	The poets that the carpenter observes inspire the singers	plural	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objrel_that	The poets that the carpenter remembers confuse the farmers	plural	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objrel_that	The poets that the carpenter remembers know the women	plural	singular	plural	remember	knows
objrel_that	The poets that the doctor inspires know the men	plural	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objrel_that	The poets that the farmer approves encourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objrel_that	The poets that the farmer understands engage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	understand	engages
objrel_that	The poets that the father engages inspire the singers	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel_that	The poets that the father stimulates engage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objrel_that	The poets that the father stimulates know the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objrel_that	The poets that the father understands confuse the boys	plural	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objrel_that	The poets that the friend avoids understand the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the friend discourages observe the doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the friend encourages know the farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel_that	The poets that the girl discourages know the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel_that	The poets that the guy approves criticize the victims	plural	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objrel_that	The poets that the guy confuses avoid the singers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel_that	The poets that the guy discourages admire the victims	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel_that	The poets that the kid inspires encourage the women	plural	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objrel_that	The poets that the kid understands greet the girls	plural	singular	plural	understand	greets
objrel_that	The poets that the lawyer stimulates observe the girls	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the man admires remember the athletes	plural	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the man encourages approve the victims	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel_that	The poets that the man engages observe the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engage	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the mother approves remember the teachers	plural	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the mother discourages encourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel_that	The poets that the mother greets know the guys	plural	singular	plural	greet	knows
objrel_that	The poets that the singer admires inspire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objrel_that	The poets that the singer confuses avoid the guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel_that	The poets that the singer encourages admire the girls	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel_that	The poets that the singer engages observe the farmers	plural	singular	plural	engage	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the singer inspires engage the girls	plural	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objrel_that	The poets that the teacher avoids admire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objrel_that	The poets that the uncle remembers approve the singers	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel_that	The poets that the victim confuses admire the women	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel_that	The poets that the victim encourages know the kids	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel_that	The poets that the woman avoids admire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objrel_that	The poets that the woman encourages stimulate the mothers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The poets that the woman inspires discourage the friends	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel_that	The poets that the woman understands admire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	understand	admires
objrel_that	The singers that the athlete admires discourage the friends	plural	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objrel_that	The singers that the athlete discourages criticize the farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The singers that the athlete discourages inspire the kids	plural	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objrel_that	The singers that the athlete engages encourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	engage	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the athlete greets criticize the men	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel_that	The singers that the aunt approves remember the fathers	plural	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objrel_that	The singers that the aunt encourages understand the guys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objrel_that	The singers that the aunt knows discourage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	know	discourages
objrel_that	The singers that the aunt understands encourage the guys	plural	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the boy discourages stimulate the victims	plural	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The singers that the boy greets understand the uncles	plural	singular	plural	greet	understands
objrel_that	The singers that the boy knows engage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel_that	The singers that the boy remembers admire the poets	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel_that	The singers that the boy remembers avoid the aunts	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel_that	The singers that the boy stimulates greet the poets	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objrel_that	The singers that the carpenter criticizes avoid the fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objrel_that	The singers that the carpenter engages confuse the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel_that	The singers that the doctor knows confuse the girls	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel_that	The singers that the doctor knows remember the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel_that	The singers that the farmer confuses inspire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel_that	The singers that the farmer confuses inspire the guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel_that	The singers that the farmer confuses remember the friends	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel_that	The singers that the farmer encourages discourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourage	discourages
objrel_that	The singers that the farmer inspires criticize the uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that	The singers that the father avoids encourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the friend confuses know the guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objrel_that	The singers that the friend greets admire the victims	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel_that	The singers that the friend inspires approve the girls	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel_that	The singers that the guy criticizes engage the victims	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel_that	The singers that the kid criticizes know the women	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel_that	The singers that the kid stimulates understand the doctors	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objrel_that	The singers that the lawyer approves encourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the lawyer avoids greet the kids	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel_that	The singers that the lawyer avoids observe the teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel_that	The singers that the lawyer avoids stimulate the boys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that	The singers that the man criticizes observe the poets	plural	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objrel_that	The singers that the man observes avoid the friends	plural	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objrel_that	The singers that the mother admires greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	admire	greets
objrel_that	The singers that the mother avoids approve the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objrel_that	The singers that the mother remembers engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remember	engages
objrel_that	The singers that the poet confuses avoid the aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel_that	The singers that the poet confuses engage the women	plural	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objrel_that	The singers that the poet encourages inspire the guys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The singers that the teacher confuses criticize the girls	plural	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that	The singers that the teacher encourages admire the women	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel_that	The singers that the uncle approves understand the kids	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel_that	The singers that the uncle avoids stimulate the aunts	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that	The singers that the uncle observes remember the athletes	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel_that	The singers that the victim approves confuse the women	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel_that	The singers that the victim avoids engage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objrel_that	The singers that the victim encourages know the kids	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel_that	The singers that the victim inspires engage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objrel_that	The singers that the victim observes inspire the boys	plural	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objrel_that	The teachers that the athlete criticizes remember the kids	plural	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objrel_that	The teachers that the boy inspires stimulate the aunts	plural	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that	The teachers that the boy observes avoid the fathers	plural	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the boy remembers observe the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remember	observes
objrel_that	The teachers that the carpenter approves avoid the farmers	plural	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the carpenter avoids engage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objrel_that	The teachers that the carpenter understands approve the poets	plural	singular	plural	understand	approves
objrel_that	The teachers that the carpenter understands criticize the mothers	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel_that	The teachers that the doctor admires confuse the friends	plural	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objrel_that	The teachers that the farmer admires criticize the athletes	plural	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objrel_that	The teachers that the farmer observes greet the friends	plural	singular	plural	observe	greets
objrel_that	The teachers that the farmer remembers encourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the father criticizes avoid the boys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the father criticizes avoid the uncles	plural	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the father observes inspire the poets	plural	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objrel_that	The teachers that the father observes inspire the women	plural	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objrel_that	The teachers that the father observes know the kids	plural	singular	plural	observe	knows
objrel_that	The teachers that the friend confuses remember the athletes	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel_that	The teachers that the friend discourages understand the aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourage	understands
objrel_that	The teachers that the friend stimulates greet the singers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objrel_that	The teachers that the girl engages confuse the victims	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel_that	The teachers that the girl engages discourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the girl engages encourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	engage	encourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the guy admires stimulate the friends	plural	singular	plural	admire	stimulates
objrel_that	The teachers that the guy remembers admire the men	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel_that	The teachers that the kid discourages remember the mothers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objrel_that	The teachers that the kid observes stimulate the victims	plural	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objrel_that	The teachers that the man approves discourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the mother confuses know the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objrel_that	The teachers that the mother inspires confuse the men	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel_that	The teachers that the mother knows discourage the kids	plural	singular	plural	know	discourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the poet criticizes stimulate the friends	plural	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that	The teachers that the poet inspires avoid the guys	plural	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the singer encourages engage the kids	plural	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objrel_that	The teachers that the singer greets approve the aunts	plural	singular	plural	greet	approves
objrel_that	The teachers that the uncle approves inspire the singers	plural	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objrel_that	The teachers that the uncle discourages observe the athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objrel_that	The teachers that the uncle encourages stimulate the men	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The teachers that the victim admires greet the women	plural	singular	plural	admire	greets
objrel_that	The teachers that the victim confuses encourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the victim discourages engage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objrel_that	The teachers that the victim encourages inspire the men	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The teachers that the victim greets discourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the victim observes stimulate the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objrel_that	The teachers that the woman admires approve the girls	plural	singular	plural	admire	approves
objrel_that	The teachers that the woman admires engage the poets	plural	singular	plural	admire	engages
objrel_that	The teachers that the woman encourages avoid the boys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the woman remembers stimulate the doctors	plural	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the athlete admires inspire the friends	plural	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the athlete engages observe the kids	plural	singular	plural	engage	observes
objrel_that	The uncles that the athlete greets remember the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objrel_that	The uncles that the aunt avoids discourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the aunt remembers criticize the fathers	plural	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objrel_that	The uncles that the boy knows understand the mothers	plural	singular	plural	know	understands
objrel_that	The uncles that the boy observes avoid the poets	plural	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objrel_that	The uncles that the boy stimulates avoid the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objrel_that	The uncles that the carpenter avoids inspire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the carpenter greets remember the friends	plural	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objrel_that	The uncles that the carpenter inspires stimulate the victims	plural	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the carpenter understands admire the guys	plural	singular	plural	understand	admires
objrel_that	The uncles that the farmer avoids approve the mothers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objrel_that	The uncles that the farmer discourages stimulate the fathers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the farmer knows inspire the friends	plural	singular	plural	know	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the farmer understands observe the fathers	plural	singular	plural	understand	observes
objrel_that	The uncles that the father confuses understand the singers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objrel_that	The uncles that the father inspires encourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the father stimulates discourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the friend admires encourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the friend admires stimulate the guys	plural	singular	plural	admire	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the friend confuses understand the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objrel_that	The uncles that the friend criticizes understand the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objrel_that	The uncles that the friend engages inspire the aunts	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the friend remembers approve the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel_that	The uncles that the friend stimulates engage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objrel_that	The uncles that the girl admires stimulate the men	plural	singular	plural	admire	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the girl confuses discourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the girl criticizes approve the doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objrel_that	The uncles that the girl criticizes approve the poets	plural	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objrel_that	The uncles that the girl criticizes inspire the boys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the girl inspires criticize the singers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that	The uncles that the girl remembers understand the friends	plural	singular	plural	remember	understands
objrel_that	The uncles that the guy criticizes understand the doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objrel_that	The uncles that the guy observes know the mothers	plural	singular	plural	observe	knows
objrel_that	The uncles that the guy stimulates inspire the singers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the kid admires avoid the doctors	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel_that	The uncles that the kid approves engage the boys	plural	singular	plural	approve	engages
objrel_that	The uncles that the kid approves observe the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel_that	The uncles that the kid avoids criticize the women	plural	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that	The uncles that the kid discourages confuse the men	plural	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objrel_that	The uncles that the kid inspires encourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the kid stimulates remember the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that	The uncles that the lawyer admires discourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the lawyer inspires confuse the fathers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel_that	The uncles that the man admires avoid the victims	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel_that	The uncles that the man discourages greet the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objrel_that	The uncles that the man understands know the victims	plural	singular	plural	understand	knows
objrel_that	The uncles that the mother approves encourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the mother inspires confuse the women	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel_that	The uncles that the mother observes remember the girls	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel_that	The uncles that the poet avoids admire the kids	plural	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objrel_that	The uncles that the poet encourages observe the friends	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel_that	The uncles that the poet remembers approve the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel_that	The uncles that the singer inspires engage the women	plural	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objrel_that	The uncles that the teacher criticizes observe the victims	plural	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objrel_that	The uncles that the teacher engages stimulate the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the teacher stimulates approve the mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel_that	The uncles that the victim discourages admire the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel_that	The uncles that the victim discourages admire the women	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel_that	The uncles that the victim engages inspire the guys	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the woman discourages encourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel_that	The victims that the athlete observes greet the guys	plural	singular	plural	observe	greets
objrel_that	The victims that the athlete stimulates discourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel_that	The victims that the athlete stimulates observe the mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the aunt admires understand the athletes	plural	singular	plural	admire	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the aunt admires understand the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admire	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the aunt confuses approve the boys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objrel_that	The victims that the aunt greets inspire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objrel_that	The victims that the aunt greets observe the men	plural	singular	plural	greet	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the aunt remembers confuse the singers	plural	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objrel_that	The victims that the aunt stimulates approve the boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel_that	The victims that the aunt stimulates remember the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the boy approves understand the aunts	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the boy avoids inspire the aunts	plural	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objrel_that	The victims that the boy confuses observe the friends	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the boy criticizes remember the fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the boy discourages greet the singers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objrel_that	The victims that the boy greets stimulate the women	plural	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objrel_that	The victims that the boy remembers admire the guys	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel_that	The victims that the carpenter observes inspire the poets	plural	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objrel_that	The victims that the carpenter remembers observe the mothers	plural	singular	plural	remember	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the doctor approves engage the men	plural	singular	plural	approve	engages
objrel_that	The victims that the doctor greets avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that	The victims that the doctor knows engage the men	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel_that	The victims that the father admires observe the guys	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the father confuses stimulate the kids	plural	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that	The victims that the father engages understand the girls	plural	singular	plural	engage	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the father knows observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	know	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the father understands observe the doctors	plural	singular	plural	understand	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the friend admires stimulate the women	plural	singular	plural	admire	stimulates
objrel_that	The victims that the friend knows stimulate the boys	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel_that	The victims that the friend understands greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	understand	greets
objrel_that	The victims that the girl approves discourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel_that	The victims that the girl confuses avoid the men	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel_that	The victims that the guy inspires encourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objrel_that	The victims that the guy remembers admire the doctors	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel_that	The victims that the guy stimulates remember the girls	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the kid avoids greet the girls	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel_that	The victims that the kid encourages inspire the singers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The victims that the kid observes remember the uncles	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the lawyer approves remember the boys	plural	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the man admires understand the mothers	plural	singular	plural	admire	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the man avoids admire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objrel_that	The victims that the man observes remember the teachers	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the mother avoids remember the women	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the mother discourages encourage the men	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel_that	The victims that the mother understands confuse the women	plural	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objrel_that	The victims that the poet confuses understand the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the poet inspires admire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objrel_that	The victims that the poet stimulates inspire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objrel_that	The victims that the poet stimulates understand the athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the singer confuses approve the guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objrel_that	The victims that the singer stimulates know the kids	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objrel_that	The victims that the teacher criticizes observe the guys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the teacher observes avoid the singers	plural	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objrel_that	The victims that the teacher remembers greet the farmers	plural	singular	plural	remember	greets
objrel_that	The victims that the uncle criticizes remember the boys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the uncle greets stimulate the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objrel_that	The victims that the uncle knows confuse the doctors	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel_that	The victims that the uncle stimulates understand the guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the woman understands stimulate the mothers	plural	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objrel_that	The women that the athlete approves criticize the singers	plural	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objrel_that	The women that the athlete inspires criticize the victims	plural	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that	The women that the athlete knows confuse the singers	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the athlete remembers inspire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objrel_that	The women that the athlete remembers understand the teachers	plural	singular	plural	remember	understands
objrel_that	The women that the athlete understands stimulate the singers	plural	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objrel_that	The women that the aunt avoids approve the fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objrel_that	The women that the aunt avoids know the athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_that	The women that the aunt greets know the poets	plural	singular	plural	greet	knows
objrel_that	The women that the aunt observes admire the girls	plural	singular	plural	observe	admires
objrel_that	The women that the aunt understands know the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	knows
objrel_that	The women that the boy admires confuse the singers	plural	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the boy encourages observe the aunts	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel_that	The women that the boy remembers observe the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remember	observes
objrel_that	The women that the boy stimulates remember the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that	The women that the carpenter greets remember the poets	plural	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objrel_that	The women that the doctor admires criticize the kids	plural	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objrel_that	The women that the doctor avoids admire the poets	plural	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objrel_that	The women that the doctor encourages approve the aunts	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel_that	The women that the doctor greets avoid the farmers	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that	The women that the farmer criticizes confuse the doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the farmer discourages encourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel_that	The women that the farmer encourages criticize the aunts	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The women that the father approves observe the uncles	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel_that	The women that the father observes know the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observe	knows
objrel_that	The women that the friend admires stimulate the athletes	plural	singular	plural	admire	stimulates
objrel_that	The women that the friend avoids remember the guys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The women that the girl criticizes know the singers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel_that	The women that the girl greets engage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	greet	engages
objrel_that	The women that the girl observes criticize the farmers	plural	singular	plural	observe	criticizes
objrel_that	The women that the guy avoids discourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	avoid	discourages
objrel_that	The women that the kid admires approve the aunts	plural	singular	plural	admire	approves
objrel_that	The women that the kid encourages inspire the singers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The women that the kid inspires admire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objrel_that	The women that the kid inspires approve the friends	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel_that	The women that the kid stimulates encourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objrel_that	The women that the kid understands admire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	admires
objrel_that	The women that the lawyer approves avoid the men	plural	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objrel_that	The women that the lawyer discourages remember the aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objrel_that	The women that the man approves know the teachers	plural	singular	plural	approve	knows
objrel_that	The women that the man discourages encourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel_that	The women that the mother approves discourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel_that	The women that the mother engages observe the doctors	plural	singular	plural	engage	observes
objrel_that	The women that the mother observes remember the teachers	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel_that	The women that the singer stimulates criticize the mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_that	The women that the singer stimulates encourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objrel_that	The women that the singer stimulates understand the mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objrel_that	The women that the teacher inspires encourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objrel_that	The women that the teacher stimulates approve the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel_that	The women that the uncle avoids understand the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	avoid	understands
objrel_that	The women that the uncle criticizes inspire the men	plural	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objrel_that	The women that the uncle discourages remember the men	plural	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objrel_that	The women that the uncle knows remember the mothers	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel_that	The women that the victim admires inspire the singers	plural	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objrel_that	The women that the victim admires observe the uncles	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that	The women that the victim engages know the poets	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel_that	The women that the victim greets remember the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the aunts confuse remember the poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the aunts engage stimulate the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel_that	The athletes that the aunts remember observe the mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel_that	The athletes that the boys approve avoid the uncle	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
objrel_that	The athletes that the boys observe inspire the friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
objrel_that	The athletes that the boys stimulate inspire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that	The athletes that the carpenters confuse discourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the carpenters inspire approve the doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel_that	The athletes that the carpenters understand greet the father	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
objrel_that	The athletes that the doctors discourage engage the mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
objrel_that	The athletes that the farmers admire remember the aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the fathers approve admire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel_that	The athletes that the fathers avoid criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel_that	The athletes that the fathers criticize discourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the fathers know encourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the fathers remember understand the victim	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
objrel_that	The athletes that the fathers stimulate inspire the farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that	The athletes that the fathers understand criticize the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
objrel_that	The athletes that the friends encourage know the kid	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_that	The athletes that the friends engage understand the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
objrel_that	The athletes that the girls encourage admire the friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel_that	The athletes that the girls remember engage the woman	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
objrel_that	The athletes that the girls understand remember the victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the guys confuse approve the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
objrel_that	The athletes that the guys stimulate remember the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the kids engage stimulate the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel_that	The athletes that the kids remember admire the poet	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
objrel_that	The athletes that the kids understand engage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
objrel_that	The athletes that the lawyers understand remember the girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the men inspire confuse the farmer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
objrel_that	The athletes that the mothers admire confuse the farmer	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
objrel_that	The athletes that the mothers observe criticize the boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel_that	The athletes that the poets greet confuse the friend	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_that	The athletes that the poets stimulate greet the girl	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel_that	The athletes that the poets understand remember the farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the singers avoid understand the father	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
objrel_that	The athletes that the singers confuse encourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the singers engage avoid the kid	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel_that	The athletes that the singers inspire greet the woman	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
objrel_that	The athletes that the teachers approve criticize the man	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
objrel_that	The athletes that the teachers criticize inspire the girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that	The athletes that the teachers discourage approve the father	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_that	The athletes that the teachers know discourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the teachers understand avoid the victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel_that	The athletes that the uncles confuse discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the uncles observe criticize the man	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel_that	The athletes that the victims avoid stimulate the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that	The athletes that the victims inspire criticize the singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
objrel_that	The athletes that the victims know encourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the victims understand approve the man	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
objrel_that	The athletes that the women confuse understand the singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
objrel_that	The athletes that the women greet discourage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the women inspire greet the friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
objrel_that	The athletes that the women observe understand the poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
objrel_that	The aunts that the athletes know confuse the woman	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel_that	The aunts that the boys criticize greet the kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
objrel_that	The aunts that the boys encourage observe the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the boys know criticize the farmer	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel_that	The aunts that the carpenters engage observe the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the doctors approve discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the doctors encourage approve the mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
objrel_that	The aunts that the doctors engage avoid the friend	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the doctors engage avoid the man	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the doctors know stimulate the guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
objrel_that	The aunts that the farmers observe stimulate the boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel_that	The aunts that the fathers encourage understand the poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
objrel_that	The aunts that the fathers know discourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the friends understand discourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the girls admire discourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the girls admire understand the doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
objrel_that	The aunts that the girls greet approve the athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel_that	The aunts that the girls observe inspire the kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
objrel_that	The aunts that the girls stimulate greet the father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel_that	The aunts that the girls stimulate observe the teacher	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the guys discourage admire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
objrel_that	The aunts that the guys observe stimulate the kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel_that	The aunts that the guys stimulate engage the friend	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
objrel_that	The aunts that the guys stimulate observe the mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the guys understand remember the man	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
objrel_that	The aunts that the kids encourage avoid the boy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the kids engage discourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the kids observe confuse the teacher	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
objrel_that	The aunts that the lawyers criticize remember the kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
objrel_that	The aunts that the lawyers observe engage the girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
objrel_that	The aunts that the lawyers stimulate encourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the men remember admire the boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
objrel_that	The aunts that the mothers confuse greet the girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel_that	The aunts that the mothers inspire observe the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the mothers observe admire the man	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
objrel_that	The aunts that the poets encourage know the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_that	The aunts that the singers criticize discourage the girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the singers know encourage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the singers know encourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the singers stimulate remember the victim	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that	The aunts that the teachers avoid confuse the victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
objrel_that	The aunts that the teachers confuse observe the guy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the teachers encourage engage the mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
objrel_that	The aunts that the uncles inspire discourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the uncles remember approve the woman	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
objrel_that	The aunts that the victims admire stimulate the mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
objrel_that	The aunts that the victims confuse stimulate the athlete	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that	The aunts that the victims greet confuse the father	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_that	The aunts that the women confuse admire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
objrel_that	The aunts that the women engage understand the athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
objrel_that	The aunts that the women greet stimulate the uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel_that	The aunts that the women remember inspire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel_that	The boys that the athletes criticize greet the aunt	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
objrel_that	The boys that the athletes discourage approve the farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_that	The boys that the athletes stimulate remember the singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that	The boys that the aunts encourage inspire the victim	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel_that	The boys that the carpenters avoid stimulate the aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the carpenters discourage inspire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
objrel_that	The boys that the carpenters engage encourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel_that	The boys that the doctors know encourage the father	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel_that	The boys that the doctors know inspire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
objrel_that	The boys that the doctors observe remember the girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
objrel_that	The boys that the doctors stimulate understand the woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
objrel_that	The boys that the farmers understand know the father	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel_that	The boys that the friends encourage know the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_that	The boys that the friends inspire approve the poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel_that	The boys that the friends inspire observe the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
objrel_that	The boys that the guys admire approve the aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
objrel_that	The boys that the guys confuse criticize the mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that	The boys that the guys criticize engage the poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel_that	The boys that the guys discourage approve the girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_that	The boys that the guys engage remember the teacher	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The boys that the guys understand avoid the man	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel_that	The boys that the kids stimulate remember the father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that	The boys that the lawyers encourage observe the poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
objrel_that	The boys that the lawyers engage stimulate the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the men greet confuse the mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_that	The boys that the mothers greet admire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
objrel_that	The boys that the mothers know avoid the father	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
objrel_that	The boys that the mothers remember confuse the uncle	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
objrel_that	The boys that the poets approve inspire the guy	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspires
objrel_that	The boys that the singers admire criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
objrel_that	The boys that the singers avoid understand the farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
objrel_that	The boys that the singers engage approve the athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
objrel_that	The boys that the singers greet remember the farmer	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel_that	The boys that the singers observe encourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
objrel_that	The boys that the singers stimulate confuse the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuses
objrel_that	The boys that the teachers avoid confuse the kid	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
objrel_that	The boys that the uncles confuse greet the girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel_that	The boys that the uncles discourage stimulate the teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the uncles inspire observe the poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
objrel_that	The boys that the uncles stimulate inspire the mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that	The boys that the uncles stimulate remember the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that	The boys that the victims criticize confuse the athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that	The boys that the victims know encourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel_that	The boys that the victims know stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the victims know stimulate the kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the victims remember confuse the guy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
objrel_that	The boys that the victims stimulate engage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
objrel_that	The boys that the women criticize confuse the kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that	The boys that the women criticize observe the kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
objrel_that	The boys that the women encourage approve the father	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
objrel_that	The carpenters that the athletes engage remember the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The carpenters that the aunts criticize inspire the woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the aunts encourage understand the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctors criticize know the boy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctors observe greet the teacher	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctors remember inspire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctors understand engage the mother	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the farmers inspire engage the woman	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the farmers stimulate inspire the kid	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the farmers understand know the boy	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel_that	The carpenters that the friends approve stimulate the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the friends know greet the kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the girls admire discourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the guys approve stimulate the singer	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the guys confuse stimulate the teacher	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the guys confuse understand the mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
objrel_that	The carpenters that the guys engage confuse the man	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
objrel_that	The carpenters that the guys know inspire the man	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the kids admire discourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the kids discourage understand the athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
objrel_that	The carpenters that the lawyers admire understand the guy	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
objrel_that	The carpenters that the lawyers approve engage the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the lawyers criticize avoid the kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
objrel_that	The carpenters that the lawyers observe avoid the mother	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel_that	The carpenters that the men confuse criticize the doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the men discourage admire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the men understand admire the father	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the men understand avoid the girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel_that	The carpenters that the mothers avoid engage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the mothers encourage know the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_that	The carpenters that the mothers engage know the poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel_that	The carpenters that the mothers greet know the girl	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
objrel_that	The carpenters that the mothers inspire remember the uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel_that	The carpenters that the poets inspire admire the friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the poets remember greet the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the teachers avoid criticize the guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the teachers discourage encourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the teachers encourage understand the aunt	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
objrel_that	The carpenters that the teachers remember stimulate the kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the uncles inspire encourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the uncles remember discourage the man	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the uncles stimulate confuse the singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuses
objrel_that	The doctors that the athletes admire remember the kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the athletes inspire admire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admires
objrel_that	The doctors that the athletes stimulate greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel_that	The doctors that the aunts engage inspire the boy	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
objrel_that	The doctors that the boys inspire confuse the guy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
objrel_that	The doctors that the boys remember observe the teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel_that	The doctors that the carpenters avoid confuse the athlete	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
objrel_that	The doctors that the carpenters encourage remember the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the carpenters engage understand the poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
objrel_that	The doctors that the farmers greet criticize the boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
objrel_that	The doctors that the farmers observe approve the guy	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
objrel_that	The doctors that the friends avoid encourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the friends inspire remember the mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the girls avoid inspire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
objrel_that	The doctors that the girls discourage remember the guy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the girls engage observe the guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel_that	The doctors that the girls remember observe the man	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel_that	The doctors that the guys approve avoid the teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
objrel_that	The doctors that the kids approve encourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the kids approve understand the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
objrel_that	The doctors that the kids remember know the athlete	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
objrel_that	The doctors that the lawyers engage confuse the poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
objrel_that	The doctors that the lawyers stimulate understand the guy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
objrel_that	The doctors that the men encourage stimulate the kid	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
objrel_that	The doctors that the men inspire know the uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel_that	The doctors that the men observe criticize the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel_that	The doctors that the mothers avoid engage the kid	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
objrel_that	The doctors that the mothers engage know the kid	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel_that	The doctors that the mothers engage remember the guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the mothers engage understand the victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
objrel_that	The doctors that the poets approve inspire the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspires
objrel_that	The doctors that the poets encourage approve the boy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
objrel_that	The doctors that the poets observe admire the athlete	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
objrel_that	The doctors that the poets observe stimulate the farmer	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel_that	The doctors that the singers greet avoid the victim	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel_that	The doctors that the singers remember avoid the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel_that	The doctors that the teachers criticize know the mother	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel_that	The doctors that the teachers greet stimulate the woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel_that	The doctors that the teachers inspire discourage the guy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the teachers stimulate discourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the teachers understand engage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
objrel_that	The doctors that the uncles confuse stimulate the farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that	The doctors that the uncles confuse stimulate the father	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that	The doctors that the uncles remember observe the man	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel_that	The doctors that the uncles stimulate understand the woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
objrel_that	The doctors that the victims engage understand the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
objrel_that	The doctors that the victims know stimulate the poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
objrel_that	The doctors that the women admire know the victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
objrel_that	The doctors that the women avoid stimulate the uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that	The doctors that the women encourage observe the teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
objrel_that	The farmers that the athletes engage stimulate the victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel_that	The farmers that the athletes know discourage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the athletes know encourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the athletes know stimulate the poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
objrel_that	The farmers that the aunts inspire know the athlete	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel_that	The farmers that the aunts inspire know the poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel_that	The farmers that the aunts understand criticize the mother	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
objrel_that	The farmers that the boys confuse know the aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel_that	The farmers that the boys encourage inspire the poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel_that	The farmers that the carpenters remember know the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
objrel_that	The farmers that the fathers encourage discourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the friends admire observe the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
objrel_that	The farmers that the friends inspire approve the singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel_that	The farmers that the girls encourage approve the poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
objrel_that	The farmers that the girls engage remember the poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The farmers that the guys avoid inspire the girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
objrel_that	The farmers that the guys discourage confuse the mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
objrel_that	The farmers that the guys greet stimulate the singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel_that	The farmers that the guys stimulate encourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the kids admire understand the aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
objrel_that	The farmers that the kids inspire greet the girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
objrel_that	The farmers that the kids know confuse the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel_that	The farmers that the kids remember approve the teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
objrel_that	The farmers that the kids understand avoid the doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel_that	The farmers that the lawyers engage know the teacher	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel_that	The farmers that the lawyers observe engage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
objrel_that	The farmers that the lawyers remember discourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the lawyers stimulate greet the woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel_that	The farmers that the men avoid know the victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
objrel_that	The farmers that the men avoid stimulate the teacher	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that	The farmers that the men know inspire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
objrel_that	The farmers that the mothers know remember the friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel_that	The farmers that the poets encourage understand the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
objrel_that	The farmers that the poets stimulate encourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the singers confuse understand the man	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
objrel_that	The farmers that the singers greet engage the mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel_that	The farmers that the singers observe engage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
objrel_that	The farmers that the teachers admire inspire the friend	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
objrel_that	The farmers that the uncles confuse know the guy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel_that	The farmers that the uncles observe criticize the friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel_that	The farmers that the victims criticize understand the man	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
objrel_that	The farmers that the victims encourage know the kid	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_that	The farmers that the women understand approve the victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
objrel_that	The fathers that the athletes approve know the girl	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
objrel_that	The fathers that the athletes avoid encourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the athletes discourage encourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the athletes encourage know the poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_that	The fathers that the athletes greet admire the woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the athletes observe avoid the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel_that	The fathers that the athletes understand encourage the man	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the aunts encourage remember the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
objrel_that	The fathers that the aunts greet observe the singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
objrel_that	The fathers that the aunts know encourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the aunts stimulate admire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the boys avoid approve the guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approves
objrel_that	The fathers that the boys confuse engage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
objrel_that	The fathers that the carpenters know approve the uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel_that	The fathers that the doctors inspire discourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the doctors stimulate avoid the guy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that	The fathers that the farmers admire discourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the farmers avoid approve the woman	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approves
objrel_that	The fathers that the farmers greet remember the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel_that	The fathers that the farmers understand criticize the aunt	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
objrel_that	The fathers that the friends observe confuse the kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
objrel_that	The fathers that the girls approve observe the aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
objrel_that	The fathers that the girls know stimulate the mother	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
objrel_that	The fathers that the guys engage admire the boy	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the kids inspire remember the doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel_that	The fathers that the kids know approve the mother	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel_that	The fathers that the lawyers confuse remember the uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel_that	The fathers that the men avoid inspire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
objrel_that	The fathers that the men greet inspire the guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
objrel_that	The fathers that the mothers admire understand the poet	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
objrel_that	The fathers that the mothers approve greet the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
objrel_that	The fathers that the mothers confuse observe the guy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
objrel_that	The fathers that the mothers encourage observe the poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
objrel_that	The fathers that the mothers engage greet the friend	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
objrel_that	The fathers that the mothers greet stimulate the farmer	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel_that	The fathers that the poets know approve the aunt	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel_that	The fathers that the singers discourage greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
objrel_that	The fathers that the singers engage avoid the man	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel_that	The fathers that the singers engage remember the friend	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The fathers that the singers observe understand the friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
objrel_that	The fathers that the singers understand engage the kid	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
objrel_that	The fathers that the teachers avoid confuse the victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
objrel_that	The fathers that the teachers engage admire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the teachers remember engage the man	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
objrel_that	The fathers that the uncles confuse inspire the girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel_that	The fathers that the uncles engage approve the doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
objrel_that	The fathers that the uncles engage observe the guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel_that	The fathers that the victims avoid admire the man	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the women avoid admire the singer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the women observe discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
objrel_that	The friends that the athletes engage know the aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel_that	The friends that the athletes greet encourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
objrel_that	The friends that the athletes stimulate inspire the boy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that	The friends that the aunts know approve the girl	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel_that	The friends that the aunts remember avoid the singer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel_that	The friends that the boys approve admire the athlete	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel_that	The friends that the carpenters approve understand the man	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
objrel_that	The friends that the carpenters criticize know the doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel_that	The friends that the carpenters remember encourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
objrel_that	The friends that the carpenters understand engage the kid	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
objrel_that	The friends that the doctors approve understand the boy	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
objrel_that	The friends that the doctors confuse criticize the man	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that	The friends that the farmers inspire discourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel_that	The friends that the farmers remember understand the victim	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
objrel_that	The friends that the farmers stimulate discourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
objrel_that	The friends that the fathers discourage encourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
objrel_that	The friends that the girls admire greet the singer	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel_that	The friends that the girls approve remember the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
objrel_that	The friends that the girls confuse know the uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel_that	The friends that the girls encourage know the man	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_that	The friends that the girls engage inspire the victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
objrel_that	The friends that the girls inspire stimulate the guy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
objrel_that	The friends that the girls remember confuse the woman	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
objrel_that	The friends that the girls stimulate admire the poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel_that	The friends that the guys remember stimulate the man	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that	The friends that the kids avoid know the aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
objrel_that	The friends that the kids confuse inspire the father	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel_that	The friends that the kids encourage remember the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
objrel_that	The friends that the kids know observe the mother	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
objrel_that	The friends that the lawyers approve greet the poet	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
objrel_that	The friends that the lawyers discourage confuse the doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
objrel_that	The friends that the lawyers encourage inspire the kid	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel_that	The friends that the lawyers encourage remember the father	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
objrel_that	The friends that the lawyers greet stimulate the man	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel_that	The friends that the lawyers inspire admire the kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admires
objrel_that	The friends that the lawyers observe stimulate the kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel_that	The friends that the lawyers remember avoid the mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel_that	The friends that the lawyers remember discourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel_that	The friends that the men admire know the girl	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
objrel_that	The friends that the mothers stimulate confuse the guy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuses
objrel_that	The friends that the singers criticize avoid the guy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
objrel_that	The friends that the singers stimulate engage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
objrel_that	The friends that the teachers admire engage the girl	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
objrel_that	The friends that the uncles approve know the teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
objrel_that	The friends that the uncles confuse greet the kid	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel_that	The friends that the victims know remember the aunt	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel_that	The friends that the women observe confuse the girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
objrel_that	The friends that the women observe criticize the poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel_that	The girls that the aunts inspire engage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
objrel_that	The girls that the boys discourage avoid the kid	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel_that	The girls that the boys encourage avoid the father	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
objrel_that	The girls that the boys engage approve the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
objrel_that	The girls that the carpenters understand remember the father	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the doctors engage remember the farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the doctors know confuse the mother	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel_that	The girls that the farmers greet inspire the friend	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
objrel_that	The girls that the farmers stimulate remember the athlete	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the fathers admire greet the singer	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel_that	The girls that the guys encourage understand the singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
objrel_that	The girls that the guys greet observe the woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
objrel_that	The girls that the kids criticize engage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel_that	The girls that the kids engage stimulate the uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel_that	The girls that the lawyers know remember the aunt	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the lawyers understand encourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
objrel_that	The girls that the men observe stimulate the mother	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel_that	The girls that the mothers confuse admire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
objrel_that	The girls that the mothers encourage discourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
objrel_that	The girls that the mothers stimulate observe the athlete	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
objrel_that	The girls that the mothers understand observe the poet	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
objrel_that	The girls that the poets admire confuse the friend	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
objrel_that	The girls that the poets criticize encourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that	The girls that the poets encourage engage the singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
objrel_that	The girls that the poets engage discourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
objrel_that	The girls that the poets engage remember the mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the singers approve avoid the kid	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
objrel_that	The girls that the singers inspire stimulate the father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
objrel_that	The girls that the teachers confuse greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel_that	The girls that the teachers engage stimulate the farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel_that	The girls that the teachers remember understand the man	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
objrel_that	The girls that the uncles approve engage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
objrel_that	The girls that the uncles discourage avoid the boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel_that	The girls that the uncles know remember the singer	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the victims admire engage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
objrel_that	The girls that the victims approve observe the doctor	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
objrel_that	The girls that the victims encourage engage the friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
objrel_that	The girls that the victims greet understand the kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
objrel_that	The girls that the victims remember stimulate the teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that	The girls that the women approve observe the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
objrel_that	The guys that the athletes encourage engage the singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
objrel_that	The guys that the athletes remember observe the singer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel_that	The guys that the aunts admire engage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
objrel_that	The guys that the aunts avoid admire the girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
objrel_that	The guys that the aunts stimulate avoid the father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the aunts stimulate observe the mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
objrel_that	The guys that the boys admire avoid the woman	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the boys confuse understand the singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
objrel_that	The guys that the carpenters avoid discourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
objrel_that	The guys that the carpenters avoid stimulate the teacher	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the carpenters criticize remember the friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
objrel_that	The guys that the carpenters discourage inspire the victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
objrel_that	The guys that the carpenters inspire stimulate the doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the carpenters know admire the mother	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel_that	The guys that the carpenters know criticize the friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel_that	The guys that the doctors confuse know the singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the doctors remember avoid the father	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the farmers inspire approve the father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel_that	The guys that the farmers inspire avoid the teacher	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the fathers discourage stimulate the doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the fathers inspire know the woman	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the fathers know remember the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel_that	The guys that the friends approve remember the doctor	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
objrel_that	The guys that the friends confuse avoid the mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the friends understand confuse the kid	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
objrel_that	The guys that the girls discourage engage the victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
objrel_that	The guys that the girls inspire engage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
objrel_that	The guys that the girls know engage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
objrel_that	The guys that the kids approve know the mother	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the kids encourage admire the singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel_that	The guys that the lawyers confuse inspire the father	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel_that	The guys that the lawyers encourage understand the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
objrel_that	The guys that the lawyers observe remember the poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
objrel_that	The guys that the men avoid confuse the boy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
objrel_that	The guys that the men avoid know the athlete	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the men avoid stimulate the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the men know greet the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
objrel_that	The guys that the mothers confuse criticize the doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that	The guys that the mothers observe criticize the woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel_that	The guys that the teachers admire discourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
objrel_that	The guys that the teachers confuse discourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
objrel_that	The guys that the teachers engage observe the uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel_that	The guys that the teachers know engage the kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
objrel_that	The guys that the uncles inspire approve the doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel_that	The guys that the uncles understand encourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the victims avoid stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the victims discourage inspire the boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
objrel_that	The guys that the victims engage inspire the man	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
objrel_that	The guys that the victims inspire approve the father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel_that	The guys that the victims inspire know the poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the victims stimulate know the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the women discourage inspire the man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
objrel_that	The guys that the women encourage confuse the man	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
objrel_that	The guys that the women greet encourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the women inspire confuse the aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
objrel_that	The guys that the women observe understand the kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
objrel_that	The kids that the aunts know approve the man	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the boys greet remember the friend	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel_that	The kids that the boys remember discourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel_that	The kids that the boys stimulate admire the poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the boys stimulate encourage the father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that	The kids that the doctors discourage greet the singer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
objrel_that	The kids that the doctors encourage remember the victim	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
objrel_that	The kids that the doctors remember greet the boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
objrel_that	The kids that the farmers avoid stimulate the friend	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the farmers confuse approve the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the farmers discourage stimulate the victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the farmers greet approve the singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the fathers approve stimulate the friend	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the fathers observe approve the teacher	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the girls understand admire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the guys admire encourage the girl	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel_that	The kids that the guys criticize approve the man	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the guys observe remember the boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
objrel_that	The kids that the lawyers admire avoid the girl	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
objrel_that	The kids that the lawyers confuse understand the woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
objrel_that	The kids that the men remember avoid the girl	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel_that	The kids that the mothers discourage admire the boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the mothers engage greet the athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
objrel_that	The kids that the poets approve understand the woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
objrel_that	The kids that the poets remember avoid the girl	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel_that	The kids that the poets remember understand the uncle	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
objrel_that	The kids that the poets understand discourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
objrel_that	The kids that the singers admire encourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel_that	The kids that the singers avoid remember the guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
objrel_that	The kids that the singers engage inspire the victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
objrel_that	The kids that the singers greet approve the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the teachers avoid confuse the farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
objrel_that	The kids that the teachers greet criticize the poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
objrel_that	The kids that the teachers know remember the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel_that	The kids that the teachers remember understand the father	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
objrel_that	The kids that the uncles admire stimulate the poet	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the uncles encourage approve the teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the uncles greet stimulate the aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the uncles remember observe the farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel_that	The kids that the victims approve stimulate the doctor	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the victims confuse discourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
objrel_that	The kids that the victims discourage avoid the woman	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel_that	The kids that the victims remember engage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
objrel_that	The kids that the victims understand know the teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel_that	The kids that the women approve greet the guy	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
objrel_that	The lawyers that the athletes avoid approve the guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the athletes criticize confuse the kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that	The lawyers that the athletes discourage inspire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the athletes engage understand the girl	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
objrel_that	The lawyers that the aunts admire inspire the mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the aunts discourage avoid the kid	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel_that	The lawyers that the aunts greet admire the girl	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the aunts greet engage the friend	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the boys criticize approve the friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the boys inspire greet the victim	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
objrel_that	The lawyers that the carpenters remember criticize the teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the carpenters remember stimulate the victim	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that	The lawyers that the doctors criticize observe the friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the doctors observe discourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the farmers criticize engage the victim	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the farmers observe admire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the fathers criticize confuse the athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that	The lawyers that the fathers stimulate admire the girl	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the fathers understand observe the woman	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the friends approve greet the doctor	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
objrel_that	The lawyers that the friends criticize know the singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel_that	The lawyers that the friends stimulate inspire the mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the girls greet encourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the guys approve inspire the friend	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the guys greet admire the mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the kids know avoid the woman	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
objrel_that	The lawyers that the kids stimulate avoid the man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that	The lawyers that the men discourage approve the victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the men inspire avoid the doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel_that	The lawyers that the men remember criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the men remember know the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
objrel_that	The lawyers that the mothers understand observe the friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the poets avoid criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the poets criticize observe the doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the poets stimulate inspire the guy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the singers admire criticize the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the singers criticize observe the woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the singers encourage observe the friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the teachers criticize engage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the teachers engage observe the aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the teachers understand greet the girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
objrel_that	The lawyers that the uncles avoid criticize the guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the uncles engage confuse the aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
objrel_that	The lawyers that the victims approve observe the friend	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the victims stimulate understand the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
objrel_that	The lawyers that the women confuse stimulate the farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that	The lawyers that the women criticize know the poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel_that	The men that the aunts inspire know the woman	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel_that	The men that the aunts observe know the girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
objrel_that	The men that the boys avoid discourage the girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
objrel_that	The men that the boys inspire confuse the singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the boys inspire engage the singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
objrel_that	The men that the boys remember inspire the father	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel_that	The men that the carpenters criticize greet the guy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
objrel_that	The men that the carpenters inspire approve the boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel_that	The men that the carpenters inspire stimulate the poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
objrel_that	The men that the carpenters stimulate avoid the singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that	The men that the farmers observe criticize the woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel_that	The men that the farmers observe greet the aunt	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel_that	The men that the friends approve criticize the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
objrel_that	The men that the friends avoid know the aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
objrel_that	The men that the friends remember approve the boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
objrel_that	The men that the girls approve understand the boy	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
objrel_that	The men that the girls engage remember the aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The men that the girls observe stimulate the aunt	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel_that	The men that the girls stimulate encourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that	The men that the guys avoid encourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
objrel_that	The men that the guys greet admire the woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
objrel_that	The men that the guys inspire discourage the mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel_that	The men that the kids admire know the aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
objrel_that	The men that the lawyers observe avoid the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel_that	The men that the lawyers stimulate encourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that	The men that the mothers criticize confuse the guy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the mothers greet admire the girl	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
objrel_that	The men that the mothers remember admire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
objrel_that	The men that the mothers understand discourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
objrel_that	The men that the mothers understand engage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
objrel_that	The men that the poets understand encourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
objrel_that	The men that the singers avoid understand the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
objrel_that	The men that the singers engage discourage the girl	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
objrel_that	The men that the teachers approve know the kid	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
objrel_that	The men that the teachers criticize observe the doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
objrel_that	The men that the teachers inspire criticize the father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
objrel_that	The men that the teachers observe discourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
objrel_that	The men that the teachers remember discourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel_that	The men that the teachers remember discourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel_that	The men that the uncles discourage confuse the girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the uncles remember inspire the woman	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel_that	The men that the uncles stimulate discourage the mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
objrel_that	The men that the victims understand stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel_that	The men that the women confuse admire the girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
objrel_that	The men that the women encourage remember the father	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
objrel_that	The men that the women engage avoid the friend	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel_that	The men that the women engage greet the kid	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
objrel_that	The men that the women inspire stimulate the mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
objrel_that	The men that the women remember discourage the mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel_that	The men that the women stimulate avoid the singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that	The mothers that the athletes admire discourage the man	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the athletes criticize greet the girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
objrel_that	The mothers that the aunts confuse greet the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel_that	The mothers that the aunts engage avoid the farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel_that	The mothers that the aunts remember know the man	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the boys confuse discourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the boys discourage criticize the teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that	The mothers that the boys engage discourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the boys know avoid the kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
objrel_that	The mothers that the boys understand admire the father	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel_that	The mothers that the carpenters approve encourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the carpenters criticize remember the girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
objrel_that	The mothers that the carpenters inspire approve the doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel_that	The mothers that the carpenters stimulate inspire the poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the doctors avoid admire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
objrel_that	The mothers that the doctors confuse approve the friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
objrel_that	The mothers that the doctors confuse remember the kid	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel_that	The mothers that the farmers discourage understand the man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
objrel_that	The mothers that the farmers understand confuse the man	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
objrel_that	The mothers that the farmers understand stimulate the victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel_that	The mothers that the fathers approve understand the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
objrel_that	The mothers that the fathers encourage know the guy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the fathers inspire discourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the fathers observe know the victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the friends greet remember the man	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel_that	The mothers that the friends observe know the victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the girls know confuse the kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel_that	The mothers that the girls remember know the kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the girls understand approve the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
objrel_that	The mothers that the guys greet inspire the boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the guys remember inspire the farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the guys stimulate avoid the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that	The mothers that the kids encourage know the teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the kids know greet the father	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
objrel_that	The mothers that the lawyers greet approve the boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel_that	The mothers that the men approve observe the kid	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
objrel_that	The mothers that the men avoid approve the poet	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approves
objrel_that	The mothers that the men encourage inspire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the singers criticize inspire the poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the singers criticize observe the boy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
objrel_that	The mothers that the singers inspire criticize the teacher	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
objrel_that	The mothers that the teachers admire stimulate the aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
objrel_that	The mothers that the teachers approve discourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the teachers encourage criticize the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
objrel_that	The mothers that the teachers greet inspire the man	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the teachers inspire discourage the girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the teachers know remember the man	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel_that	The mothers that the teachers observe stimulate the poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel_that	The mothers that the teachers remember stimulate the uncle	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that	The mothers that the teachers stimulate avoid the victim	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that	The mothers that the uncles admire observe the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
objrel_that	The mothers that the uncles criticize avoid the aunt	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
objrel_that	The mothers that the uncles know encourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the victims engage encourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the women criticize understand the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
objrel_that	The mothers that the women discourage encourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the women observe remember the friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the athletes avoid encourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
objrel_that	The poets that the athletes criticize discourage the man	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that	The poets that the aunts discourage observe the singer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the aunts encourage engage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
objrel_that	The poets that the boys approve observe the man	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the boys discourage encourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
objrel_that	The poets that the boys greet engage the singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel_that	The poets that the carpenters confuse observe the girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the carpenters know confuse the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel_that	The poets that the carpenters understand observe the victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the doctors admire discourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
objrel_that	The poets that the doctors greet confuse the aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_that	The poets that the doctors remember stimulate the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that	The poets that the farmers encourage greet the friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel_that	The poets that the farmers encourage observe the mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the farmers know observe the boy	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the fathers confuse remember the farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the fathers encourage admire the mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel_that	The poets that the fathers know admire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel_that	The poets that the friends avoid encourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
objrel_that	The poets that the friends avoid stimulate the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that	The poets that the friends confuse observe the teacher	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the friends encourage stimulate the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
objrel_that	The poets that the friends observe inspire the boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
objrel_that	The poets that the girls approve criticize the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
objrel_that	The poets that the guys remember inspire the father	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel_that	The poets that the kids avoid greet the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
objrel_that	The poets that the kids encourage understand the girl	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the kids engage admire the victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
objrel_that	The poets that the lawyers admire confuse the doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
objrel_that	The poets that the lawyers avoid greet the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
objrel_that	The poets that the lawyers avoid understand the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the lawyers discourage know the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
objrel_that	The poets that the lawyers encourage discourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
objrel_that	The poets that the lawyers inspire approve the girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel_that	The poets that the men confuse understand the athlete	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the men inspire approve the guy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel_that	The poets that the men know discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel_that	The poets that the mothers encourage understand the athlete	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the singers understand criticize the teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
objrel_that	The poets that the teachers greet encourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
objrel_that	The poets that the teachers greet stimulate the father	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel_that	The poets that the teachers stimulate know the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
objrel_that	The poets that the uncles approve inspire the kid	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspires
objrel_that	The poets that the uncles remember greet the boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
objrel_that	The poets that the victims encourage inspire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel_that	The poets that the victims greet remember the mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the women admire discourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
objrel_that	The poets that the women admire encourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel_that	The poets that the women criticize greet the friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
objrel_that	The poets that the women encourage admire the victim	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel_that	The poets that the women know stimulate the farmer	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
objrel_that	The singers that the aunts approve remember the athlete	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
objrel_that	The singers that the aunts inspire encourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the aunts observe approve the guy	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
objrel_that	The singers that the aunts observe remember the uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
objrel_that	The singers that the boys remember admire the mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
objrel_that	The singers that the carpenters criticize avoid the farmer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
objrel_that	The singers that the carpenters criticize know the victim	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel_that	The singers that the carpenters engage remember the poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The singers that the doctors know observe the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
objrel_that	The singers that the doctors remember engage the father	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
objrel_that	The singers that the doctors remember understand the victim	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
objrel_that	The singers that the farmers approve admire the guy	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel_that	The singers that the farmers encourage observe the poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
objrel_that	The singers that the farmers engage encourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the farmers inspire avoid the victim	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel_that	The singers that the farmers know engage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
objrel_that	The singers that the farmers know greet the poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
objrel_that	The singers that the farmers understand admire the boy	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel_that	The singers that the fathers understand discourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
objrel_that	The singers that the friends avoid admire the guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
objrel_that	The singers that the friends engage criticize the farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
objrel_that	The singers that the friends greet criticize the aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
objrel_that	The singers that the friends observe remember the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
objrel_that	The singers that the girls avoid remember the victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
objrel_that	The singers that the girls confuse approve the guy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
objrel_that	The singers that the girls greet understand the friend	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
objrel_that	The singers that the girls understand discourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
objrel_that	The singers that the kids admire understand the poet	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
objrel_that	The singers that the kids criticize greet the teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
objrel_that	The singers that the kids discourage avoid the poet	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel_that	The singers that the lawyers approve avoid the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
objrel_that	The singers that the lawyers avoid greet the doctor	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
objrel_that	The singers that the lawyers greet inspire the athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
objrel_that	The singers that the men encourage avoid the athlete	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
objrel_that	The singers that the mothers confuse remember the farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel_that	The singers that the mothers greet observe the uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
objrel_that	The singers that the poets avoid criticize the man	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel_that	The singers that the poets encourage approve the victim	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
objrel_that	The singers that the poets remember criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticizes
objrel_that	The singers that the poets understand encourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the teachers confuse greet the guy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel_that	The singers that the teachers criticize know the farmer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel_that	The singers that the teachers discourage know the doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
objrel_that	The singers that the teachers engage know the aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel_that	The singers that the teachers know approve the father	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel_that	The singers that the teachers stimulate greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel_that	The singers that the uncles admire encourage the mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the uncles admire know the mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
objrel_that	The singers that the uncles engage observe the guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel_that	The singers that the uncles inspire avoid the father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel_that	The singers that the uncles observe avoid the man	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel_that	The singers that the victims confuse stimulate the teacher	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that	The singers that the women criticize encourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the athletes inspire know the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel_that	The teachers that the aunts encourage know the father	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_that	The teachers that the aunts remember greet the victim	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
objrel_that	The teachers that the boys engage admire the guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
objrel_that	The teachers that the carpenters approve observe the poet	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
objrel_that	The teachers that the carpenters confuse understand the friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
objrel_that	The teachers that the carpenters discourage engage the man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
objrel_that	The teachers that the carpenters encourage discourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the carpenters stimulate admire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel_that	The teachers that the doctors observe avoid the friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the farmers greet avoid the aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the fathers admire avoid the guy	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the fathers avoid remember the girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
objrel_that	The teachers that the fathers confuse greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel_that	The teachers that the guys confuse remember the man	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel_that	The teachers that the guys understand inspire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
objrel_that	The teachers that the kids criticize encourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the kids inspire avoid the farmer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the kids know understand the singer	plural	plural	singular	knows	understands
objrel_that	The teachers that the kids remember understand the father	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
objrel_that	The teachers that the lawyers avoid encourage the guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the lawyers confuse remember the boy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel_that	The teachers that the lawyers greet know the woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
objrel_that	The teachers that the lawyers inspire remember the boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel_that	The teachers that the lawyers stimulate encourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the lawyers understand admire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel_that	The teachers that the lawyers understand engage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
objrel_that	The teachers that the mothers confuse observe the farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
objrel_that	The teachers that the mothers criticize discourage the man	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the mothers remember know the boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
objrel_that	The teachers that the poets avoid criticize the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel_that	The teachers that the poets remember encourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the poets stimulate discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the uncles admire know the victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
objrel_that	The teachers that the uncles encourage greet the farmer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel_that	The teachers that the victims discourage engage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
objrel_that	The teachers that the victims know criticize the kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel_that	The teachers that the women avoid approve the boy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approves
objrel_that	The teachers that the women avoid confuse the mother	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
objrel_that	The teachers that the women observe inspire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
objrel_that	The teachers that the women remember admire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
objrel_that	The teachers that the women remember greet the aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
objrel_that	The uncles that the athletes admire criticize the teacher	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
objrel_that	The uncles that the athletes discourage encourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the athletes encourage remember the woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
objrel_that	The uncles that the athletes remember stimulate the mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the athletes understand confuse the doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
objrel_that	The uncles that the aunts observe avoid the mother	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel_that	The uncles that the aunts understand stimulate the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the boys admire encourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the boys discourage confuse the girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
objrel_that	The uncles that the boys engage stimulate the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the boys know criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel_that	The uncles that the boys stimulate encourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the boys stimulate observe the man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
objrel_that	The uncles that the carpenters avoid confuse the athlete	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
objrel_that	The uncles that the doctors inspire remember the girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel_that	The uncles that the doctors remember observe the victim	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel_that	The uncles that the farmers engage discourage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the farmers engage encourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the farmers remember know the aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
objrel_that	The uncles that the fathers greet encourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the fathers greet remember the man	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel_that	The uncles that the fathers know avoid the friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
objrel_that	The uncles that the friends criticize understand the athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
objrel_that	The uncles that the friends encourage admire the woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel_that	The uncles that the friends encourage inspire the farmer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the friends engage inspire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the girls discourage understand the woman	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
objrel_that	The uncles that the girls engage greet the athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
objrel_that	The uncles that the girls greet discourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the girls stimulate discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the guys greet discourage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the kids inspire stimulate the singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the kids know discourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the lawyers admire remember the victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
objrel_that	The uncles that the men approve greet the woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
objrel_that	The uncles that the men encourage admire the singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel_that	The uncles that the men engage know the kid	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel_that	The uncles that the men inspire understand the father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
objrel_that	The uncles that the mothers remember encourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the poets approve confuse the guy	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel_that	The uncles that the poets confuse approve the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
objrel_that	The uncles that the poets engage know the kid	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel_that	The uncles that the singers observe discourage the man	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the singers understand approve the girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
objrel_that	The uncles that the teachers admire approve the father	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
objrel_that	The uncles that the teachers admire understand the athlete	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
objrel_that	The uncles that the teachers confuse remember the friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel_that	The uncles that the teachers discourage avoid the mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel_that	The uncles that the teachers greet discourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the teachers understand avoid the father	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel_that	The uncles that the victims approve observe the friend	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
objrel_that	The uncles that the victims discourage avoid the friend	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel_that	The uncles that the women avoid remember the doctor	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
objrel_that	The uncles that the women observe engage the kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
objrel_that	The uncles that the women remember admire the mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
objrel_that	The uncles that the women remember greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
objrel_that	The victims that the aunts confuse know the boy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel_that	The victims that the aunts criticize approve the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
objrel_that	The victims that the aunts encourage engage the kid	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
objrel_that	The victims that the aunts greet stimulate the man	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel_that	The victims that the aunts inspire understand the uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the boys confuse encourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
objrel_that	The victims that the boys criticize inspire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that	The victims that the boys criticize inspire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that	The victims that the boys encourage inspire the woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel_that	The victims that the carpenters discourage criticize the aunt	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that	The victims that the carpenters greet engage the mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel_that	The victims that the carpenters greet remember the woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the doctors confuse stimulate the boy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that	The victims that the doctors discourage understand the aunt	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the doctors encourage discourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
objrel_that	The victims that the doctors encourage know the aunt	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_that	The victims that the doctors observe admire the boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
objrel_that	The victims that the doctors observe criticize the man	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel_that	The victims that the doctors understand engage the poet	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
objrel_that	The victims that the farmers criticize greet the boy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
objrel_that	The victims that the farmers criticize inspire the singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that	The victims that the farmers know understand the girl	plural	plural	singular	knows	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the fathers criticize approve the singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
objrel_that	The victims that the friends engage remember the guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the friends inspire confuse the doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
objrel_that	The victims that the friends understand criticize the singer	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
objrel_that	The victims that the girls confuse discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
objrel_that	The victims that the guys approve criticize the poet	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
objrel_that	The victims that the kids avoid remember the poet	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the kids confuse encourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
objrel_that	The victims that the kids discourage inspire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
objrel_that	The victims that the kids stimulate approve the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
objrel_that	The victims that the lawyers discourage approve the woman	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_that	The victims that the men confuse inspire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel_that	The victims that the men encourage inspire the singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel_that	The victims that the men engage observe the kid	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the men greet understand the father	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the men inspire discourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel_that	The victims that the mothers know inspire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
objrel_that	The victims that the poets criticize understand the athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the singers avoid encourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
objrel_that	The victims that the singers criticize approve the athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
objrel_that	The victims that the singers engage discourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
objrel_that	The victims that the teachers stimulate engage the woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
objrel_that	The victims that the uncles avoid observe the aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the uncles greet observe the poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the women confuse greet the guy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel_that	The victims that the women confuse remember the father	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the women encourage discourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
objrel_that	The victims that the women stimulate understand the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
objrel_that	The women that the athletes admire engage the victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
objrel_that	The women that the athletes encourage avoid the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
objrel_that	The women that the aunts admire understand the teacher	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
objrel_that	The women that the aunts confuse remember the farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel_that	The women that the aunts encourage engage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
objrel_that	The women that the aunts greet approve the boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel_that	The women that the aunts greet confuse the doctor	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the boys greet stimulate the singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel_that	The women that the boys know discourage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel_that	The women that the carpenters discourage criticize the poet	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that	The women that the carpenters greet engage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel_that	The women that the carpenters know discourage the man	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel_that	The women that the carpenters understand stimulate the uncle	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel_that	The women that the doctors confuse understand the man	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
objrel_that	The women that the doctors criticize admire the victim	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
objrel_that	The women that the doctors encourage inspire the singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel_that	The women that the doctors encourage know the mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_that	The women that the doctors stimulate encourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that	The women that the doctors stimulate know the athlete	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
objrel_that	The women that the farmers admire remember the friend	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
objrel_that	The women that the farmers confuse approve the friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
objrel_that	The women that the fathers criticize observe the kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
objrel_that	The women that the fathers criticize remember the victim	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
objrel_that	The women that the fathers inspire confuse the aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the friends confuse know the victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel_that	The women that the friends criticize encourage the father	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that	The women that the friends criticize engage the kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel_that	The women that the friends greet inspire the kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
objrel_that	The women that the friends know confuse the guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the friends stimulate remember the boy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that	The women that the girls confuse greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel_that	The women that the girls discourage avoid the guy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel_that	The women that the guys confuse know the uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel_that	The women that the guys confuse stimulate the athlete	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that	The women that the guys remember admire the man	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
objrel_that	The women that the guys understand observe the poet	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
objrel_that	The women that the kids admire understand the father	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
objrel_that	The women that the lawyers greet stimulate the kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel_that	The women that the lawyers observe greet the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel_that	The women that the lawyers stimulate approve the kid	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
objrel_that	The women that the lawyers stimulate greet the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel_that	The women that the men engage observe the uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel_that	The women that the mothers know encourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel_that	The women that the mothers stimulate confuse the doctor	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the poets discourage approve the uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_that	The women that the poets greet confuse the athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the poets understand avoid the singer	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel_that	The women that the singers admire greet the kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel_that	The women that the singers encourage inspire the guy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel_that	The women that the singers know inspire the boy	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
objrel_that	The women that the singers observe confuse the uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the singers remember confuse the guy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the singers remember know the farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
objrel_that	The women that the teachers confuse observe the mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
objrel_that	The women that the teachers encourage admire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel_that	The women that the teachers encourage understand the victim	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
objrel_that	The women that the teachers observe approve the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
objrel_that	The women that the uncles engage observe the aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel_that	The women that the uncles know criticize the guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel_that	The women that the victims confuse avoid the poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
objrel_that	The women that the victims greet discourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
objrel_that	The women that the victims inspire avoid the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel_that	The women that the victims observe stimulate the singer	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel_that	The athletes that the aunts confuse inspire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel_that	The athletes that the aunts engage encourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the aunts inspire avoid the singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objrel_that	The athletes that the boys approve avoid the doctors	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objrel_that	The athletes that the boys avoid encourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the boys confuse observe the aunts	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel_that	The athletes that the boys criticize greet the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel_that	The athletes that the boys know discourage the men	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the carpenters engage confuse the friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that	The athletes that the carpenters engage stimulate the uncles	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel_that	The athletes that the carpenters greet know the doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objrel_that	The athletes that the doctors admire discourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the doctors criticize confuse the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that	The athletes that the doctors encourage approve the singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel_that	The athletes that the doctors engage discourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the doctors observe encourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the farmers greet criticize the teachers	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objrel_that	The athletes that the farmers greet inspire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objrel_that	The athletes that the farmers know greet the boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objrel_that	The athletes that the farmers understand discourage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the fathers discourage understand the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that	The athletes that the fathers greet avoid the boys	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objrel_that	The athletes that the friends greet observe the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel_that	The athletes that the friends stimulate confuse the doctors	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objrel_that	The athletes that the girls confuse remember the boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the girls understand avoid the guys	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel_that	The athletes that the guys approve avoid the boys	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objrel_that	The athletes that the guys avoid inspire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objrel_that	The athletes that the guys engage discourage the boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the guys observe criticize the women	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel_that	The athletes that the kids discourage greet the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objrel_that	The athletes that the kids greet admire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel_that	The athletes that the lawyers admire greet the teachers	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objrel_that	The athletes that the lawyers approve observe the aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objrel_that	The athletes that the lawyers know inspire the boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel_that	The athletes that the men confuse inspire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel_that	The athletes that the mothers remember avoid the men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objrel_that	The athletes that the mothers understand encourage the men	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the poets approve greet the girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel_that	The athletes that the poets discourage engage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel_that	The athletes that the poets greet observe the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel_that	The athletes that the poets understand inspire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objrel_that	The athletes that the singers discourage know the men	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objrel_that	The athletes that the singers discourage remember the guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the singers understand avoid the teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel_that	The athletes that the teachers encourage confuse the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objrel_that	The athletes that the teachers encourage criticize the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objrel_that	The athletes that the teachers know admire the farmers	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objrel_that	The athletes that the teachers know stimulate the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel_that	The athletes that the victims engage remember the doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the victims know inspire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel_that	The athletes that the women avoid understand the friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel_that	The aunts that the athletes observe encourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the boys confuse know the friends	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel_that	The aunts that the boys observe confuse the teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objrel_that	The aunts that the boys remember inspire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel_that	The aunts that the carpenters approve observe the kids	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the carpenters observe avoid the doctors	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the doctors observe confuse the singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objrel_that	The aunts that the farmers know engage the men	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objrel_that	The aunts that the fathers greet engage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objrel_that	The aunts that the fathers know encourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the friends discourage inspire the women	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel_that	The aunts that the friends greet discourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the friends inspire admire the kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objrel_that	The aunts that the friends observe approve the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objrel_that	The aunts that the girls discourage approve the doctors	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel_that	The aunts that the girls encourage criticize the men	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objrel_that	The aunts that the girls observe avoid the guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the girls understand know the victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objrel_that	The aunts that the guys admire criticize the mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objrel_that	The aunts that the guys encourage discourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the guys engage admire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objrel_that	The aunts that the kids discourage confuse the teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objrel_that	The aunts that the kids encourage avoid the farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the kids remember admire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel_that	The aunts that the lawyers avoid observe the athletes	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the lawyers confuse approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel_that	The aunts that the men admire stimulate the farmers	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel_that	The aunts that the men observe remember the girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objrel_that	The aunts that the men stimulate approve the kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel_that	The aunts that the men stimulate inspire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that	The aunts that the mothers discourage greet the uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objrel_that	The aunts that the mothers discourage understand the teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that	The aunts that the mothers encourage understand the singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel_that	The aunts that the mothers understand criticize the doctors	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objrel_that	The aunts that the poets greet avoid the farmers	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the poets greet discourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the poets know avoid the women	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the poets observe confuse the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objrel_that	The aunts that the poets observe know the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objrel_that	The aunts that the singers encourage understand the victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel_that	The aunts that the singers inspire criticize the girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objrel_that	The aunts that the singers understand admire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objrel_that	The aunts that the teachers discourage approve the girls	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel_that	The aunts that the teachers inspire criticize the doctors	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objrel_that	The aunts that the teachers remember greet the uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
objrel_that	The aunts that the uncles encourage understand the mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel_that	The aunts that the uncles know encourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the uncles remember approve the guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel_that	The aunts that the victims confuse discourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the victims remember avoid the teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the women observe avoid the singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the women remember greet the athletes	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
objrel_that	The boys that the athletes greet admire the men	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel_that	The boys that the aunts observe admire the kids	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objrel_that	The boys that the carpenters greet observe the athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel_that	The boys that the doctors approve avoid the teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objrel_that	The boys that the doctors greet avoid the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objrel_that	The boys that the farmers approve encourage the women	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objrel_that	The boys that the farmers criticize understand the friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objrel_that	The boys that the farmers remember criticize the men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objrel_that	The boys that the farmers remember criticize the victims	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objrel_that	The boys that the farmers stimulate inspire the friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that	The boys that the fathers admire criticize the victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objrel_that	The boys that the fathers avoid understand the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel_that	The boys that the fathers know understand the kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objrel_that	The boys that the fathers stimulate criticize the kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that	The boys that the friends discourage understand the aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that	The boys that the friends greet understand the fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
objrel_that	The boys that the friends know stimulate the women	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the girls approve admire the guys	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objrel_that	The boys that the girls confuse encourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objrel_that	The boys that the girls inspire approve the victims	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel_that	The boys that the girls remember approve the singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel_that	The boys that the girls stimulate remember the friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that	The boys that the guys avoid encourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel_that	The boys that the guys confuse stimulate the friends	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the kids approve admire the farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objrel_that	The boys that the kids stimulate approve the aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel_that	The boys that the lawyers greet confuse the fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objrel_that	The boys that the lawyers inspire greet the aunts	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objrel_that	The boys that the lawyers understand engage the singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel_that	The boys that the men avoid engage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel_that	The boys that the men confuse encourage the poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objrel_that	The boys that the men greet admire the poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel_that	The boys that the men know stimulate the kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the mothers criticize inspire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that	The boys that the mothers greet engage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objrel_that	The boys that the poets admire know the aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objrel_that	The boys that the teachers avoid inspire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objrel_that	The boys that the teachers observe engage the friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel_that	The boys that the teachers remember know the fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objrel_that	The boys that the teachers stimulate admire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objrel_that	The boys that the teachers stimulate observe the poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objrel_that	The boys that the uncles remember greet the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
objrel_that	The boys that the victims encourage admire the singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objrel_that	The boys that the victims engage observe the singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objrel_that	The boys that the victims stimulate know the singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objrel_that	The boys that the women admire discourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the athletes criticize remember the victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objrel_that	The carpenters that the athletes criticize stimulate the girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the athletes understand avoid the boys	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel_that	The carpenters that the aunts admire stimulate the girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the aunts avoid engage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the aunts observe understand the athletes	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel_that	The carpenters that the boys stimulate avoid the doctors	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctors admire engage the friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctors confuse criticize the girls	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctors encourage engage the boys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctors engage admire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctors inspire stimulate the women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctors know greet the poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctors observe greet the teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the doctors stimulate confuse the kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objrel_that	The carpenters that the farmers approve discourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the farmers inspire stimulate the boys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the farmers inspire stimulate the singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the farmers remember engage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the fathers admire encourage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the fathers confuse remember the kids	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objrel_that	The carpenters that the fathers encourage discourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the fathers know criticize the teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the fathers observe approve the farmers	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objrel_that	The carpenters that the fathers observe understand the friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel_that	The carpenters that the friends criticize observe the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the girls confuse discourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the girls know understand the guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objrel_that	The carpenters that the girls observe encourage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the guys approve confuse the aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objrel_that	The carpenters that the guys criticize remember the singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objrel_that	The carpenters that the guys encourage criticize the doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the kids admire criticize the girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the kids approve observe the fathers	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the kids discourage inspire the farmers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the kids greet avoid the mothers	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objrel_that	The carpenters that the kids inspire know the friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel_that	The carpenters that the kids observe approve the girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objrel_that	The carpenters that the lawyers encourage approve the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel_that	The carpenters that the men inspire discourage the poets	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the men inspire observe the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the men observe know the women	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objrel_that	The carpenters that the mothers encourage greet the farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the poets discourage remember the athletes	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel_that	The carpenters that the singers admire inspire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the singers avoid admire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the singers avoid inspire the victims	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the singers understand avoid the uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel_that	The carpenters that the teachers criticize discourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the teachers stimulate observe the doctors	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the victims admire confuse the boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objrel_that	The carpenters that the victims approve confuse the aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objrel_that	The carpenters that the victims inspire greet the fathers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the victims understand confuse the teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objrel_that	The carpenters that the victims understand observe the guys	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the women criticize engage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the women engage remember the singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The carpenters that the women engage stimulate the kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the women greet understand the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
objrel_that	The carpenters that the women inspire greet the teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the women know inspire the victims	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the women stimulate remember the mothers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the aunts approve discourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the aunts avoid stimulate the men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that	The doctors that the aunts encourage remember the girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the boys criticize avoid the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel_that	The doctors that the boys understand encourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the carpenters confuse approve the guys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel_that	The doctors that the carpenters discourage criticize the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that	The doctors that the farmers admire encourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the farmers discourage encourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the farmers understand avoid the girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel_that	The doctors that the fathers criticize confuse the boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that	The doctors that the fathers criticize encourage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the friends criticize understand the mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objrel_that	The doctors that the friends discourage approve the girls	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel_that	The doctors that the friends remember greet the mothers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
objrel_that	The doctors that the girls approve encourage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the girls criticize discourage the boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the girls observe stimulate the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objrel_that	The doctors that the guys admire greet the athletes	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objrel_that	The doctors that the kids approve stimulate the women	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objrel_that	The doctors that the kids avoid know the men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objrel_that	The doctors that the kids criticize admire the friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objrel_that	The doctors that the kids criticize discourage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the kids understand encourage the boys	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the lawyers avoid understand the friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel_that	The doctors that the lawyers discourage approve the kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel_that	The doctors that the lawyers know criticize the fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objrel_that	The doctors that the men avoid admire the kids	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objrel_that	The doctors that the men encourage stimulate the friends	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
objrel_that	The doctors that the men engage approve the women	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objrel_that	The doctors that the mothers approve know the poets	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel_that	The doctors that the mothers stimulate encourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the poets confuse engage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel_that	The doctors that the poets criticize encourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the poets discourage criticize the teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that	The doctors that the poets observe engage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel_that	The doctors that the poets observe remember the aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the poets stimulate admire the girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objrel_that	The doctors that the poets stimulate discourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the poets understand know the guys	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objrel_that	The doctors that the teachers admire engage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objrel_that	The doctors that the uncles criticize admire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objrel_that	The doctors that the uncles observe stimulate the aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objrel_that	The doctors that the victims approve understand the women	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objrel_that	The doctors that the victims confuse encourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the victims understand stimulate the uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objrel_that	The doctors that the women avoid greet the men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objrel_that	The doctors that the women understand approve the victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel_that	The farmers that the aunts admire avoid the victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objrel_that	The farmers that the boys confuse stimulate the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that	The farmers that the carpenters avoid criticize the boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objrel_that	The farmers that the doctors approve admire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objrel_that	The farmers that the doctors inspire avoid the men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objrel_that	The farmers that the doctors stimulate remember the mothers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that	The farmers that the fathers inspire stimulate the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel_that	The farmers that the fathers know observe the boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objrel_that	The farmers that the friends avoid greet the victims	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objrel_that	The farmers that the friends discourage inspire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel_that	The farmers that the friends inspire encourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the friends observe admire the boys	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objrel_that	The farmers that the friends observe remember the women	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objrel_that	The farmers that the girls avoid understand the singers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel_that	The farmers that the girls know stimulate the kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel_that	The farmers that the guys approve know the singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel_that	The farmers that the guys approve remember the uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel_that	The farmers that the guys confuse understand the teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel_that	The farmers that the guys encourage inspire the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel_that	The farmers that the guys understand engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel_that	The farmers that the kids confuse avoid the athletes	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel_that	The farmers that the kids confuse understand the guys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel_that	The farmers that the kids stimulate discourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the men remember observe the teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objrel_that	The farmers that the mothers engage remember the aunts	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The farmers that the mothers remember encourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the poets admire avoid the kids	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objrel_that	The farmers that the poets encourage criticize the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objrel_that	The farmers that the singers confuse understand the mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel_that	The farmers that the singers discourage approve the guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel_that	The farmers that the singers greet inspire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objrel_that	The farmers that the singers inspire confuse the women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel_that	The farmers that the teachers admire approve the girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objrel_that	The farmers that the teachers discourage avoid the uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel_that	The farmers that the uncles admire engage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objrel_that	The farmers that the uncles engage confuse the athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that	The farmers that the uncles stimulate remember the men	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that	The farmers that the uncles stimulate understand the guys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objrel_that	The farmers that the uncles understand observe the victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel_that	The farmers that the victims observe confuse the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objrel_that	The farmers that the women approve understand the boys	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objrel_that	The farmers that the women confuse remember the uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objrel_that	The farmers that the women understand approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel_that	The fathers that the athletes engage encourage the men	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the athletes greet observe the women	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel_that	The fathers that the aunts confuse approve the farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel_that	The fathers that the aunts inspire avoid the girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objrel_that	The fathers that the boys encourage remember the girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objrel_that	The fathers that the boys know avoid the friends	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objrel_that	The fathers that the carpenters inspire engage the friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objrel_that	The fathers that the doctors encourage greet the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objrel_that	The fathers that the farmers confuse understand the boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel_that	The fathers that the farmers discourage understand the boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that	The fathers that the farmers engage know the men	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objrel_that	The fathers that the farmers inspire engage the singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objrel_that	The fathers that the farmers stimulate know the girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objrel_that	The fathers that the friends admire stimulate the poets	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel_that	The fathers that the girls approve encourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the girls confuse avoid the uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel_that	The fathers that the girls criticize discourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the girls engage remember the guys	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The fathers that the guys approve greet the mothers	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel_that	The fathers that the guys engage greet the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objrel_that	The fathers that the guys observe stimulate the mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objrel_that	The fathers that the guys understand observe the doctors	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel_that	The fathers that the kids confuse inspire the singers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel_that	The fathers that the kids understand encourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the lawyers admire encourage the men	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the men criticize inspire the doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that	The fathers that the men engage greet the doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objrel_that	The fathers that the men remember know the doctors	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objrel_that	The fathers that the men understand admire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the mothers avoid criticize the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objrel_that	The fathers that the mothers confuse remember the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objrel_that	The fathers that the poets discourage understand the girls	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that	The fathers that the singers criticize greet the uncles	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel_that	The fathers that the teachers engage confuse the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that	The fathers that the teachers inspire greet the women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objrel_that	The fathers that the teachers know confuse the women	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel_that	The fathers that the uncles engage observe the poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objrel_that	The fathers that the victims admire inspire the boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objrel_that	The fathers that the victims confuse avoid the friends	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel_that	The fathers that the victims observe avoid the women	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel_that	The fathers that the women avoid understand the doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel_that	The fathers that the women engage encourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the women inspire greet the teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objrel_that	The friends that the athletes encourage avoid the teachers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel_that	The friends that the athletes inspire discourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objrel_that	The friends that the athletes stimulate remember the women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that	The friends that the aunts admire observe the women	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objrel_that	The friends that the aunts approve admire the kids	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objrel_that	The friends that the boys encourage inspire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel_that	The friends that the boys engage understand the doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objrel_that	The friends that the boys understand avoid the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel_that	The friends that the carpenters discourage inspire the victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel_that	The friends that the doctors discourage criticize the aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that	The friends that the doctors engage observe the athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objrel_that	The friends that the doctors stimulate approve the farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel_that	The friends that the farmers confuse inspire the guys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel_that	The friends that the fathers observe encourage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objrel_that	The friends that the fathers remember encourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objrel_that	The friends that the guys approve know the aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel_that	The friends that the guys inspire approve the kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel_that	The friends that the guys know observe the girls	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objrel_that	The friends that the kids inspire approve the girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel_that	The friends that the kids understand observe the uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel_that	The friends that the men admire encourage the kids	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel_that	The friends that the men criticize avoid the mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel_that	The friends that the men encourage admire the poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objrel_that	The friends that the men inspire engage the poets	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objrel_that	The friends that the mothers remember approve the athletes	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel_that	The friends that the singers discourage encourage the boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objrel_that	The friends that the singers encourage remember the athletes	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objrel_that	The friends that the singers stimulate understand the teachers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objrel_that	The friends that the uncles admire stimulate the athletes	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel_that	The friends that the uncles encourage confuse the doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objrel_that	The friends that the uncles stimulate criticize the boys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that	The friends that the uncles understand engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel_that	The friends that the victims admire discourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objrel_that	The friends that the victims avoid stimulate the poets	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that	The friends that the victims observe know the mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objrel_that	The friends that the women criticize admire the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objrel_that	The friends that the women encourage avoid the poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel_that	The friends that the women encourage inspire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel_that	The friends that the women observe criticize the girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel_that	The girls that the athletes avoid admire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objrel_that	The girls that the athletes inspire criticize the fathers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objrel_that	The girls that the aunts encourage criticize the teachers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objrel_that	The girls that the aunts encourage inspire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel_that	The girls that the aunts inspire approve the mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel_that	The girls that the boys discourage remember the guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the carpenters know confuse the men	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel_that	The girls that the carpenters remember engage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objrel_that	The girls that the farmers admire encourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel_that	The girls that the farmers understand engage the singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel_that	The girls that the fathers avoid admire the boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objrel_that	The girls that the fathers criticize confuse the farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that	The girls that the fathers greet stimulate the aunts	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objrel_that	The girls that the fathers observe stimulate the friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objrel_that	The girls that the friends encourage avoid the mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel_that	The girls that the kids know understand the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objrel_that	The girls that the kids remember encourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objrel_that	The girls that the lawyers approve remember the poets	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the lawyers criticize observe the singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objrel_that	The girls that the lawyers remember stimulate the poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that	The girls that the men avoid remember the friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the men avoid understand the doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel_that	The girls that the men confuse know the boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel_that	The girls that the men confuse understand the friends	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel_that	The girls that the men inspire confuse the farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel_that	The girls that the men understand admire the singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objrel_that	The girls that the mothers engage remember the teachers	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the mothers know avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objrel_that	The girls that the poets avoid encourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel_that	The girls that the poets discourage know the fathers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objrel_that	The girls that the poets engage avoid the women	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objrel_that	The girls that the poets inspire remember the guys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the singers encourage understand the poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel_that	The girls that the teachers approve criticize the singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel_that	The girls that the teachers engage stimulate the fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel_that	The girls that the teachers remember stimulate the farmers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that	The girls that the uncles confuse stimulate the fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that	The girls that the uncles encourage admire the farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objrel_that	The girls that the victims criticize inspire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that	The girls that the victims inspire know the women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel_that	The girls that the victims observe discourage the poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
objrel_that	The girls that the women admire criticize the friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objrel_that	The girls that the women confuse approve the poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel_that	The guys that the athletes avoid observe the fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objrel_that	The guys that the athletes encourage know the victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the athletes understand avoid the boys	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the aunts avoid admire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objrel_that	The guys that the aunts inspire confuse the kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel_that	The guys that the aunts know remember the teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objrel_that	The guys that the aunts remember engage the girls	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objrel_that	The guys that the boys approve encourage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the boys discourage avoid the girls	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the boys engage remember the victims	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The guys that the boys greet confuse the victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objrel_that	The guys that the boys inspire approve the aunts	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel_that	The guys that the carpenters engage admire the women	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objrel_that	The guys that the carpenters greet know the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the carpenters understand observe the men	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel_that	The guys that the doctors discourage confuse the fathers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objrel_that	The guys that the doctors engage stimulate the farmers	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the farmers criticize greet the uncles	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel_that	The guys that the farmers observe encourage the men	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the fathers approve encourage the poets	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the friends admire know the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the friends approve criticize the aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel_that	The guys that the friends confuse criticize the victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that	The guys that the friends confuse stimulate the fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the friends greet admire the poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel_that	The guys that the girls admire encourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the girls approve criticize the men	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel_that	The guys that the girls criticize remember the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objrel_that	The guys that the girls observe admire the farmers	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objrel_that	The guys that the kids observe encourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the kids understand confuse the fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objrel_that	The guys that the lawyers approve engage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objrel_that	The guys that the men admire approve the friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objrel_that	The guys that the men avoid confuse the fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objrel_that	The guys that the men observe know the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the mothers inspire discourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objrel_that	The guys that the poets confuse avoid the boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the singers confuse remember the doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objrel_that	The guys that the singers inspire greet the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objrel_that	The guys that the singers remember admire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel_that	The guys that the teachers criticize know the kids	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the uncles encourage observe the farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel_that	The guys that the victims observe criticize the uncles	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel_that	The guys that the women confuse discourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel_that	The guys that the women criticize encourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the women discourage stimulate the uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the women engage inspire the poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objrel_that	The guys that the women greet confuse the men	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objrel_that	The guys that the women stimulate engage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
objrel_that	The kids that the athletes criticize inspire the singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that	The kids that the aunts criticize know the farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objrel_that	The kids that the aunts encourage admire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the aunts encourage avoid the singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel_that	The kids that the aunts greet remember the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objrel_that	The kids that the aunts stimulate approve the girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the boys confuse remember the athletes	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objrel_that	The kids that the boys discourage criticize the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that	The kids that the boys discourage stimulate the aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the boys engage remember the fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The kids that the boys greet stimulate the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the boys observe stimulate the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the carpenters confuse observe the athletes	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel_that	The kids that the carpenters encourage remember the poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objrel_that	The kids that the doctors approve avoid the girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objrel_that	The kids that the doctors approve observe the athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objrel_that	The kids that the doctors avoid admire the guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the doctors engage confuse the uncles	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that	The kids that the farmers discourage admire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the fathers criticize encourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that	The kids that the fathers discourage admire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the fathers engage know the women	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objrel_that	The kids that the fathers stimulate avoid the women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that	The kids that the fathers stimulate discourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objrel_that	The kids that the friends confuse engage the men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel_that	The kids that the friends greet criticize the fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objrel_that	The kids that the girls greet inspire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objrel_that	The kids that the girls stimulate avoid the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that	The kids that the guys avoid greet the singers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objrel_that	The kids that the guys confuse know the poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel_that	The kids that the guys engage avoid the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objrel_that	The kids that the guys inspire avoid the teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objrel_that	The kids that the guys know inspire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel_that	The kids that the lawyers approve admire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the lawyers confuse inspire the women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel_that	The kids that the lawyers criticize approve the farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the lawyers encourage greet the girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objrel_that	The kids that the lawyers know confuse the athletes	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel_that	The kids that the lawyers stimulate encourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that	The kids that the men approve admire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the men avoid confuse the friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objrel_that	The kids that the men confuse avoid the doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel_that	The kids that the men know stimulate the fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the men remember stimulate the teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the men stimulate discourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objrel_that	The kids that the men understand engage the friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel_that	The kids that the mothers engage observe the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objrel_that	The kids that the mothers greet criticize the victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objrel_that	The kids that the poets confuse know the farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel_that	The kids that the poets encourage greet the guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objrel_that	The kids that the singers engage inspire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objrel_that	The kids that the singers greet admire the guys	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the singers greet admire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the singers greet admire the victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the singers remember admire the friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the teachers inspire discourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objrel_that	The kids that the teachers know inspire the doctors	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel_that	The kids that the uncles engage stimulate the aunts	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the uncles understand confuse the girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objrel_that	The kids that the victims criticize know the friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objrel_that	The kids that the victims encourage observe the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel_that	The kids that the victims remember greet the uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
objrel_that	The kids that the women avoid engage the poets	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel_that	The kids that the women inspire admire the victims	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the women inspire know the teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel_that	The kids that the women understand criticize the athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the aunts remember discourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the aunts stimulate remember the friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that	The lawyers that the aunts understand know the mothers	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objrel_that	The lawyers that the boys understand avoid the athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel_that	The lawyers that the carpenters avoid confuse the aunts	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objrel_that	The lawyers that the carpenters discourage understand the singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that	The lawyers that the carpenters know greet the doctors	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objrel_that	The lawyers that the doctors remember understand the boys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objrel_that	The lawyers that the doctors understand criticize the girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the farmers admire approve the victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the farmers approve remember the singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel_that	The lawyers that the farmers observe inspire the guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the fathers admire approve the boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the friends remember approve the boys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the friends stimulate greet the guys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objrel_that	The lawyers that the girls avoid engage the men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the girls discourage approve the athletes	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the girls know admire the friends	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the girls know approve the friends	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the girls stimulate remember the friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that	The lawyers that the guys avoid greet the uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objrel_that	The lawyers that the kids approve discourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the kids discourage engage the victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the kids inspire criticize the mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the men approve criticize the uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the men criticize admire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the men know stimulate the mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel_that	The lawyers that the men observe inspire the farmers	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the mothers admire encourage the women	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the mothers discourage avoid the farmers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel_that	The lawyers that the mothers stimulate encourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the poets criticize understand the girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objrel_that	The lawyers that the poets greet approve the fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the poets observe know the farmers	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objrel_that	The lawyers that the poets remember observe the kids	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the singers discourage criticize the teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the singers observe criticize the poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the singers remember observe the girls	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the teachers approve observe the guys	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the teachers engage stimulate the friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel_that	The lawyers that the teachers greet observe the poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the teachers stimulate approve the friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the teachers stimulate understand the kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objrel_that	The lawyers that the teachers understand discourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the uncles avoid approve the boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the uncles confuse approve the fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the uncles criticize admire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the uncles criticize avoid the athletes	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel_that	The lawyers that the uncles greet criticize the farmers	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the victims inspire understand the boys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objrel_that	The lawyers that the victims understand encourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the women admire inspire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the women encourage stimulate the friends	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
objrel_that	The lawyers that the women encourage understand the doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel_that	The lawyers that the women know discourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the women know greet the men	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objrel_that	The men that the athletes avoid encourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel_that	The men that the athletes confuse inspire the women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel_that	The men that the athletes discourage greet the mothers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objrel_that	The men that the athletes discourage observe the kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objrel_that	The men that the athletes greet approve the victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objrel_that	The men that the athletes stimulate know the fathers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objrel_that	The men that the aunts confuse approve the women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel_that	The men that the aunts inspire understand the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objrel_that	The men that the aunts stimulate avoid the farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that	The men that the boys admire observe the aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objrel_that	The men that the boys approve greet the women	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel_that	The men that the boys criticize understand the victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objrel_that	The men that the boys greet inspire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objrel_that	The men that the carpenters criticize stimulate the poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_that	The men that the doctors observe engage the boys	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel_that	The men that the farmers admire avoid the mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objrel_that	The men that the farmers approve greet the girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel_that	The men that the farmers discourage criticize the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that	The men that the farmers engage approve the aunts	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objrel_that	The men that the farmers remember avoid the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objrel_that	The men that the farmers stimulate confuse the aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the fathers confuse greet the women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objrel_that	The men that the fathers discourage stimulate the farmers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that	The men that the fathers know inspire the boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel_that	The men that the fathers stimulate observe the aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objrel_that	The men that the friends approve discourage the kids	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel_that	The men that the friends avoid stimulate the poets	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that	The men that the friends confuse observe the doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel_that	The men that the friends encourage engage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objrel_that	The men that the friends stimulate admire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objrel_that	The men that the girls confuse know the doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel_that	The men that the guys confuse remember the aunts	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objrel_that	The men that the kids confuse greet the aunts	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objrel_that	The men that the kids know confuse the boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the kids remember greet the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
objrel_that	The men that the lawyers observe avoid the boys	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel_that	The men that the mothers admire engage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objrel_that	The men that the mothers know criticize the guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objrel_that	The men that the poets confuse avoid the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel_that	The men that the singers approve stimulate the teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objrel_that	The men that the singers avoid encourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel_that	The men that the singers engage encourage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objrel_that	The men that the singers inspire discourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objrel_that	The men that the teachers admire engage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objrel_that	The men that the teachers engage greet the guys	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objrel_that	The men that the teachers inspire approve the aunts	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel_that	The men that the uncles encourage observe the guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel_that	The men that the uncles know engage the boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objrel_that	The men that the uncles know inspire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel_that	The men that the uncles observe approve the friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objrel_that	The men that the women criticize confuse the poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the women engage discourage the boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel_that	The men that the women know engage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objrel_that	The men that the women remember approve the fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel_that	The mothers that the athletes greet approve the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objrel_that	The mothers that the aunts admire understand the singers	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objrel_that	The mothers that the aunts remember inspire the girls	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the boys approve stimulate the teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objrel_that	The mothers that the boys avoid stimulate the athletes	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that	The mothers that the boys avoid stimulate the guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that	The mothers that the boys discourage encourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the carpenters inspire observe the guys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel_that	The mothers that the carpenters stimulate criticize the men	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that	The mothers that the farmers approve criticize the doctors	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel_that	The mothers that the farmers discourage admire the poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel_that	The mothers that the farmers engage greet the victims	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objrel_that	The mothers that the farmers greet observe the singers	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel_that	The mothers that the farmers understand inspire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the fathers confuse know the men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the fathers discourage observe the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objrel_that	The mothers that the fathers understand observe the guys	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel_that	The mothers that the friends observe discourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the girls engage inspire the boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the guys confuse know the boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the guys confuse stimulate the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that	The mothers that the guys inspire confuse the teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel_that	The mothers that the guys know encourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the guys stimulate inspire the doctors	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the guys stimulate observe the aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objrel_that	The mothers that the kids greet discourage the poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the lawyers admire avoid the victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objrel_that	The mothers that the lawyers know greet the aunts	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objrel_that	The mothers that the men avoid engage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel_that	The mothers that the men confuse engage the friends	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel_that	The mothers that the men greet remember the victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objrel_that	The mothers that the men remember discourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the men remember know the singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the poets greet remember the athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objrel_that	The mothers that the singers discourage encourage the boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the singers greet stimulate the farmers	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objrel_that	The mothers that the teachers know remember the victims	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objrel_that	The mothers that the teachers observe avoid the singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel_that	The mothers that the teachers observe understand the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel_that	The mothers that the uncles know inspire the women	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the victims admire confuse the uncles	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objrel_that	The mothers that the victims discourage inspire the guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the victims stimulate confuse the friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objrel_that	The mothers that the women greet encourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the women greet observe the kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel_that	The mothers that the women understand greet the aunts	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objrel_that	The poets that the athletes admire observe the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the athletes admire stimulate the boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel_that	The poets that the athletes approve observe the men	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the athletes remember engage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objrel_that	The poets that the aunts avoid understand the victims	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the aunts criticize know the mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objrel_that	The poets that the aunts stimulate observe the guys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the carpenters greet criticize the aunts	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objrel_that	The poets that the doctors admire engage the girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objrel_that	The poets that the doctors discourage avoid the guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel_that	The poets that the doctors engage remember the singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the doctors greet remember the victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the doctors observe inspire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objrel_that	The poets that the farmers approve understand the women	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the farmers confuse discourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel_that	The poets that the farmers criticize remember the kids	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the farmers inspire engage the boys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objrel_that	The poets that the fathers greet know the aunts	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objrel_that	The poets that the fathers inspire avoid the farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objrel_that	The poets that the fathers know discourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objrel_that	The poets that the fathers remember inspire the women	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel_that	The poets that the fathers understand observe the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the friends criticize approve the doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objrel_that	The poets that the friends inspire confuse the singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel_that	The poets that the girls greet observe the women	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the girls observe inspire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objrel_that	The poets that the guys confuse avoid the uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel_that	The poets that the guys encourage remember the singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the kids admire stimulate the aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel_that	The poets that the kids criticize avoid the uncles	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel_that	The poets that the kids discourage understand the boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the kids inspire admire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objrel_that	The poets that the lawyers admire discourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objrel_that	The poets that the lawyers criticize remember the men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the lawyers observe engage the girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel_that	The poets that the men discourage stimulate the fathers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that	The poets that the men greet stimulate the friends	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objrel_that	The poets that the mothers admire discourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objrel_that	The poets that the mothers know understand the farmers	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the mothers stimulate avoid the teachers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that	The poets that the teachers discourage know the uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objrel_that	The poets that the teachers observe encourage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objrel_that	The poets that the teachers remember criticize the fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objrel_that	The poets that the uncles confuse remember the mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the uncles discourage avoid the girls	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel_that	The poets that the uncles discourage engage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel_that	The poets that the victims avoid criticize the girls	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objrel_that	The poets that the victims inspire avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objrel_that	The poets that the victims know observe the boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the women confuse approve the boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel_that	The singers that the athletes criticize avoid the poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel_that	The singers that the athletes inspire approve the poets	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel_that	The singers that the athletes know criticize the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objrel_that	The singers that the aunts approve remember the men	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel_that	The singers that the aunts encourage engage the girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objrel_that	The singers that the aunts greet approve the girls	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objrel_that	The singers that the boys criticize encourage the women	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the boys know inspire the girls	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel_that	The singers that the carpenters avoid confuse the teachers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objrel_that	The singers that the doctors discourage approve the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel_that	The singers that the doctors encourage avoid the mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel_that	The singers that the doctors greet remember the athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objrel_that	The singers that the farmers engage confuse the teachers	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that	The singers that the farmers remember encourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the girls avoid engage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel_that	The singers that the girls encourage observe the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel_that	The singers that the guys admire observe the athletes	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objrel_that	The singers that the guys encourage admire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objrel_that	The singers that the guys stimulate approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objrel_that	The singers that the kids avoid criticize the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objrel_that	The singers that the kids confuse avoid the boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel_that	The singers that the kids know encourage the boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the kids stimulate criticize the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that	The singers that the lawyers avoid stimulate the boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that	The singers that the lawyers greet discourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objrel_that	The singers that the lawyers observe criticize the poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel_that	The singers that the lawyers stimulate engage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
objrel_that	The singers that the men confuse approve the fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel_that	The singers that the men engage criticize the teachers	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objrel_that	The singers that the men greet avoid the girls	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objrel_that	The singers that the mothers greet criticize the victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objrel_that	The singers that the mothers remember admire the poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel_that	The singers that the poets criticize know the doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objrel_that	The singers that the poets understand inspire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objrel_that	The singers that the teachers confuse inspire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel_that	The singers that the uncles confuse approve the athletes	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel_that	The singers that the uncles discourage confuse the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objrel_that	The singers that the victims greet engage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objrel_that	The singers that the women approve discourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel_that	The singers that the women inspire criticize the kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objrel_that	The singers that the women understand admire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objrel_that	The teachers that the aunts confuse know the guys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel_that	The teachers that the aunts engage greet the victims	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objrel_that	The teachers that the aunts engage understand the farmers	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objrel_that	The teachers that the aunts remember stimulate the doctors	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that	The teachers that the boys remember engage the singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objrel_that	The teachers that the carpenters admire approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objrel_that	The teachers that the carpenters admire understand the uncles	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objrel_that	The teachers that the carpenters approve observe the fathers	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objrel_that	The teachers that the carpenters engage discourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the doctors avoid greet the aunts	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objrel_that	The teachers that the doctors discourage engage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel_that	The teachers that the doctors remember admire the guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel_that	The teachers that the farmers discourage inspire the men	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel_that	The teachers that the fathers observe approve the friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objrel_that	The teachers that the friends approve inspire the poets	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
objrel_that	The teachers that the friends remember confuse the men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objrel_that	The teachers that the girls admire inspire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objrel_that	The teachers that the girls avoid know the men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objrel_that	The teachers that the girls criticize avoid the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the girls discourage encourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the girls observe criticize the mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel_that	The teachers that the guys stimulate avoid the aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the guys stimulate observe the singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objrel_that	The teachers that the kids admire confuse the aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objrel_that	The teachers that the kids admire confuse the friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objrel_that	The teachers that the kids discourage remember the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel_that	The teachers that the kids observe remember the doctors	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objrel_that	The teachers that the kids remember inspire the boys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel_that	The teachers that the lawyers approve engage the women	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objrel_that	The teachers that the lawyers confuse observe the poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel_that	The teachers that the lawyers understand criticize the victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objrel_that	The teachers that the lawyers understand know the mothers	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objrel_that	The teachers that the lawyers understand observe the mothers	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel_that	The teachers that the men remember engage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objrel_that	The teachers that the mothers engage know the farmers	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objrel_that	The teachers that the mothers remember stimulate the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that	The teachers that the poets criticize admire the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objrel_that	The teachers that the poets remember avoid the friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the singers confuse stimulate the mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that	The teachers that the singers know confuse the boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel_that	The teachers that the uncles criticize understand the poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objrel_that	The teachers that the uncles encourage know the girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objrel_that	The teachers that the victims avoid greet the women	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objrel_that	The teachers that the victims criticize observe the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objrel_that	The teachers that the victims encourage avoid the girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the victims engage confuse the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that	The teachers that the victims observe avoid the women	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the victims understand inspire the poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objrel_that	The teachers that the women understand know the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objrel_that	The uncles that the athletes encourage inspire the guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the athletes encourage remember the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objrel_that	The uncles that the athletes know encourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the aunts confuse criticize the fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that	The uncles that the aunts criticize stimulate the boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the aunts observe encourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the boys confuse understand the fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel_that	The uncles that the boys observe understand the mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel_that	The uncles that the doctors confuse inspire the poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the doctors criticize encourage the poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the doctors encourage stimulate the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the doctors observe admire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objrel_that	The uncles that the doctors understand encourage the poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the farmers admire approve the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objrel_that	The uncles that the farmers avoid know the boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objrel_that	The uncles that the fathers avoid observe the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objrel_that	The uncles that the friends criticize encourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the friends discourage greet the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objrel_that	The uncles that the friends remember stimulate the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the girls approve know the singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel_that	The uncles that the girls discourage approve the men	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel_that	The uncles that the girls know greet the poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objrel_that	The uncles that the guys criticize confuse the victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objrel_that	The uncles that the guys criticize inspire the girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the guys remember know the kids	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objrel_that	The uncles that the guys understand discourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the guys understand inspire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the kids admire understand the women	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objrel_that	The uncles that the kids confuse discourage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the kids criticize encourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the kids engage confuse the doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that	The uncles that the lawyers admire remember the athletes	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objrel_that	The uncles that the lawyers encourage approve the farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel_that	The uncles that the lawyers encourage inspire the girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the men greet know the teachers	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objrel_that	The uncles that the men stimulate know the poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objrel_that	The uncles that the mothers avoid inspire the guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the mothers understand approve the kids	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel_that	The uncles that the poets confuse engage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel_that	The uncles that the singers avoid observe the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objrel_that	The uncles that the singers remember inspire the guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the teachers greet know the friends	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objrel_that	The uncles that the victims approve confuse the farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objrel_that	The uncles that the victims understand discourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the women encourage criticize the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objrel_that	The uncles that the women engage confuse the farmers	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that	The victims that the athletes criticize discourage the kids	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that	The victims that the athletes inspire engage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objrel_that	The victims that the athletes inspire engage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objrel_that	The victims that the aunts admire know the singers	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objrel_that	The victims that the aunts approve greet the mothers	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel_that	The victims that the aunts avoid approve the friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objrel_that	The victims that the aunts observe discourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
objrel_that	The victims that the aunts stimulate remember the fathers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the boys criticize observe the doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the carpenters admire engage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objrel_that	The victims that the carpenters admire remember the farmers	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the carpenters avoid approve the aunts	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objrel_that	The victims that the carpenters criticize engage the men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objrel_that	The victims that the carpenters engage avoid the singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objrel_that	The victims that the carpenters know remember the kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the doctors admire criticize the guys	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objrel_that	The victims that the doctors confuse encourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objrel_that	The victims that the doctors know remember the aunts	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the doctors remember inspire the poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel_that	The victims that the farmers criticize encourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that	The victims that the fathers engage remember the friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the fathers inspire observe the kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the fathers know discourage the kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objrel_that	The victims that the fathers observe remember the guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the friends know avoid the doctors	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objrel_that	The victims that the girls confuse understand the athletes	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the girls remember observe the athletes	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the guys engage stimulate the fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel_that	The victims that the guys greet avoid the teachers	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objrel_that	The victims that the lawyers approve discourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel_that	The victims that the lawyers know stimulate the uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel_that	The victims that the lawyers remember stimulate the fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that	The victims that the mothers engage admire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objrel_that	The victims that the mothers observe remember the guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the mothers understand greet the fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objrel_that	The victims that the poets criticize avoid the doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel_that	The victims that the poets criticize discourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that	The victims that the poets understand engage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel_that	The victims that the singers encourage inspire the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel_that	The victims that the singers encourage understand the athletes	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the teachers admire encourage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel_that	The victims that the teachers remember inspire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel_that	The victims that the uncles admire avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objrel_that	The victims that the uncles know approve the farmers	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objrel_that	The victims that the uncles observe avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel_that	The victims that the uncles remember admire the kids	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel_that	The victims that the women avoid know the boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objrel_that	The victims that the women stimulate understand the mothers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the women understand inspire the singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objrel_that	The women that the athletes discourage understand the aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that	The women that the aunts confuse admire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objrel_that	The women that the aunts confuse inspire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel_that	The women that the aunts observe admire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objrel_that	The women that the boys admire stimulate the doctors	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel_that	The women that the boys confuse know the uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel_that	The women that the boys engage admire the friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objrel_that	The women that the boys engage confuse the poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the boys know admire the poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objrel_that	The women that the carpenters confuse approve the victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel_that	The women that the carpenters confuse stimulate the doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that	The women that the carpenters engage discourage the boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel_that	The women that the carpenters know approve the guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objrel_that	The women that the carpenters remember admire the singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel_that	The women that the carpenters remember approve the kids	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel_that	The women that the doctors approve confuse the poets	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the farmers criticize encourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that	The women that the fathers discourage inspire the boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel_that	The women that the fathers engage know the friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objrel_that	The women that the friends stimulate remember the guys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that	The women that the friends stimulate understand the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objrel_that	The women that the friends understand remember the farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objrel_that	The women that the girls approve confuse the fathers	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the girls confuse understand the fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel_that	The women that the girls discourage admire the men	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel_that	The women that the girls inspire observe the boys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel_that	The women that the guys avoid admire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objrel_that	The women that the guys avoid confuse the victims	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the guys avoid observe the fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objrel_that	The women that the guys criticize avoid the friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel_that	The women that the guys discourage encourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objrel_that	The women that the guys greet admire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel_that	The women that the guys remember admire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel_that	The women that the kids admire confuse the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the kids confuse criticize the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that	The women that the kids know criticize the victims	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objrel_that	The women that the kids observe confuse the teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the kids observe inspire the guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objrel_that	The women that the lawyers approve confuse the aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the lawyers avoid know the farmers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objrel_that	The women that the lawyers remember stimulate the poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that	The women that the men engage confuse the athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the men stimulate engage the poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
objrel_that	The women that the men understand engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objrel_that	The women that the mothers engage avoid the poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objrel_that	The women that the mothers stimulate know the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objrel_that	The women that the poets avoid discourage the kids	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objrel_that	The women that the poets know engage the guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objrel_that	The women that the poets stimulate discourage the boys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objrel_that	The women that the singers admire discourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objrel_that	The women that the singers engage understand the uncles	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objrel_that	The women that the singers know observe the men	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objrel_that	The women that the singers remember avoid the teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objrel_that	The women that the singers understand discourage the poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objrel_that	The women that the singers understand encourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objrel_that	The women that the teachers admire know the aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objrel_that	The women that the teachers avoid know the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objrel_that	The women that the teachers confuse engage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel_that	The women that the teachers discourage inspire the boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel_that	The women that the teachers encourage observe the guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel_that	The women that the teachers understand stimulate the farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objrel_that	The women that the uncles approve avoid the aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objrel_that	The women that the uncles stimulate admire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objrel_that	The women that the uncles stimulate criticize the mothers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that	The women that the victims greet approve the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objrel_that	The women that the victims inspire discourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The athlete that admires the boy greets the aunt	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The athlete that admires the friend encourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that admires the kid remembers the mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The athlete that admires the lawyer avoids the singer	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The athlete that admires the mother knows the guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that	The athlete that approves the boy inspires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that	The athlete that approves the father inspires the guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that	The athlete that avoids the lawyer observes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The athlete that avoids the man confuses the singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The athlete that avoids the mother greets the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The athlete that avoids the woman encourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that confuses the girl admires the man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The athlete that confuses the woman greets the man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The athlete that criticizes the carpenter avoids the friend	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The athlete that criticizes the carpenter confuses the aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that	The athlete that criticizes the friend avoids the father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The athlete that criticizes the girl approves the poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The athlete that criticizes the guy confuses the victim	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that	The athlete that criticizes the lawyer encourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that criticizes the teacher inspires the kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that	The athlete that discourages the aunt avoids the father	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The athlete that discourages the aunt greets the friend	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The athlete that discourages the father greets the victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The athlete that discourages the girl encourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that encourages the girl understands the uncle	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The athlete that encourages the teacher inspires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The athlete that engages the girl remembers the man	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The athlete that engages the singer criticizes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the boy knows the aunt	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the doctor remembers the farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the farmer remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the mother knows the friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the woman remembers the girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The athlete that inspires the doctor criticizes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that	The athlete that inspires the father discourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that inspires the kid understands the girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The athlete that inspires the lawyer observes the guy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The athlete that inspires the teacher admires the father	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The athlete that knows the girl encourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that knows the poet admires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
subjrel_that	The athlete that observes the singer knows the mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
subjrel_that	The athlete that remembers the doctor discourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that remembers the doctor knows the friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
subjrel_that	The athlete that remembers the man approves the farmer	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that	The athlete that remembers the teacher confuses the mother	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The athlete that remembers the uncle observes the friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The athlete that remembers the woman observes the mother	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The athlete that stimulates the guy avoids the girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The athlete that stimulates the guy remembers the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The athlete that stimulates the singer knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that	The athlete that stimulates the victim encourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that understands the boy greets the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The athlete that understands the teacher approves the poet	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The aunt that admires the father observes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that approves the guy avoids the father	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The aunt that approves the kid confuses the doctor	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The aunt that approves the woman encourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that avoids the carpenter approves the singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The aunt that avoids the girl encourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that avoids the girl inspires the kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that avoids the lawyer stimulates the uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The aunt that avoids the mother inspires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that avoids the victim observes the guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that confuses the athlete greets the teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The aunt that confuses the carpenter observes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that confuses the girl approves the friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that	The aunt that confuses the kid knows the athlete	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The aunt that confuses the uncle understands the poet	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The aunt that confuses the woman observes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that criticizes the farmer avoids the guy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The aunt that criticizes the teacher observes the boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that discourages the father admires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that discourages the friend observes the girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that discourages the man approves the poet	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The aunt that discourages the victim approves the singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The aunt that encourages the kid observes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that encourages the victim engages the woman	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The aunt that engages the friend inspires the girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that engages the man understands the doctor	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that	The aunt that engages the poet approves the boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that	The aunt that greets the carpenter understands the athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that	The aunt that greets the man stimulates the uncle	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The aunt that inspires the kid admires the father	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that inspires the kid approves the man	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The aunt that inspires the victim approves the kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The aunt that knows the kid confuses the girl	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The aunt that knows the man inspires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that knows the singer avoids the victim	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The aunt that observes the boy avoids the man	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The aunt that observes the father admires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that remembers the carpenter confuses the girl	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The aunt that remembers the lawyer confuses the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The aunt that remembers the teacher confuses the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The aunt that stimulates the athlete observes the man	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that stimulates the boy discourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that stimulates the doctor engages the kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The aunt that stimulates the father avoids the friend	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The aunt that understands the athlete inspires the man	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that understands the carpenter admires the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that understands the father observes the friend	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that understands the guy confuses the friend	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The aunt that understands the poet discourages the man	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that understands the victim admires the mother	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that understands the victim avoids the girl	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The boy that admires the aunt inspires the mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The boy that admires the mother understands the woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
subjrel_that	The boy that admires the teacher engages the mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that approves the athlete criticizes the friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The boy that approves the carpenter avoids the friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The boy that approves the girl avoids the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The boy that avoids the carpenter encourages the victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The boy that avoids the carpenter stimulates the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The boy that avoids the poet remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The boy that avoids the singer understands the girl	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The boy that confuses the athlete inspires the woman	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The boy that confuses the aunt observes the father	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The boy that confuses the aunt understands the woman	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The boy that criticizes the kid admires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The boy that criticizes the kid understands the father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
subjrel_that	The boy that criticizes the singer greets the uncle	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The boy that discourages the carpenter encourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that	The boy that discourages the kid greets the teacher	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The boy that encourages the kid admires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The boy that encourages the kid approves the victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The boy that encourages the uncle observes the victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The boy that engages the teacher avoids the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The boy that engages the teacher encourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that	The boy that engages the woman discourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The boy that greets the singer stimulates the father	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the friend criticizes the victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the lawyer avoids the father	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the man stimulates the uncle	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The boy that knows the farmer engages the woman	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that knows the girl criticizes the kid	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The boy that knows the poet discourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The boy that knows the victim stimulates the girl	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that	The boy that observes the aunt stimulates the doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The boy that observes the father confuses the kid	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The boy that observes the mother discourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The boy that observes the teacher understands the girl	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The boy that observes the woman criticizes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The boy that remembers the friend inspires the kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that	The boy that remembers the lawyer admires the victim	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The boy that stimulates the athlete discourages the woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The boy that stimulates the father confuses the woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The boy that stimulates the woman approves the girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The boy that understands the mother inspires the friend	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the farmer observes the kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the man encourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the uncle inspires the poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the woman greets the poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The carpenter that approves the boy admires the victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that approves the friend observes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
subjrel_that	The carpenter that approves the guy discourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that approves the mother greets the man	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The carpenter that approves the teacher understands the doctor	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The carpenter that avoids the athlete confuses the guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that avoids the aunt greets the guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The carpenter that avoids the farmer confuses the boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that avoids the lawyer inspires the friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that avoids the man confuses the singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that avoids the teacher observes the mother	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The carpenter that avoids the uncle approves the poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The carpenter that confuses the friend understands the kid	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The carpenter that criticizes the friend remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The carpenter that discourages the friend remembers the athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The carpenter that discourages the guy observes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The carpenter that encourages the friend engages the guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that encourages the guy admires the man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that encourages the singer greets the athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The carpenter that encourages the uncle knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
subjrel_that	The carpenter that engages the farmer inspires the victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that engages the friend remembers the doctor	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The carpenter that engages the guy admires the friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that engages the guy admires the girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that engages the man approves the teacher	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that	The carpenter that greets the teacher knows the guy	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that	The carpenter that greets the teacher remembers the guy	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The carpenter that inspires the aunt admires the singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that knows the aunt inspires the kid	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that knows the mother confuses the athlete	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that knows the mother encourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that knows the teacher admires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that knows the woman confuses the friend	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that remembers the girl understands the singer	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that	The carpenter that remembers the man encourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that remembers the man inspires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that remembers the singer confuses the kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that stimulates the father approves the aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The carpenter that stimulates the kid knows the father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that	The carpenter that stimulates the mother inspires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that stimulates the poet approves the doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The carpenter that stimulates the poet discourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that understands the farmer engages the victim	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that understands the father knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that	The carpenter that understands the girl observes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The carpenter that understands the mother admires the guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The doctor that admires the aunt engages the girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
subjrel_that	The doctor that admires the guy knows the aunt	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that	The doctor that admires the man remembers the aunt	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The doctor that approves the kid engages the man	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The doctor that avoids the athlete approves the father	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that avoids the father understands the teacher	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The doctor that avoids the man knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The doctor that confuses the aunt knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The doctor that confuses the mother encourages the man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that criticizes the kid knows the father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The doctor that criticizes the victim discourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that discourages the carpenter understands the teacher	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
subjrel_that	The doctor that discourages the farmer inspires the father	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The doctor that discourages the lawyer encourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that discourages the poet understands the teacher	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
subjrel_that	The doctor that discourages the woman avoids the boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that engages the girl observes the poet	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The doctor that engages the man confuses the boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The doctor that engages the poet avoids the athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that engages the teacher inspires the victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The doctor that greets the boy avoids the farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that greets the boy observes the victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The doctor that greets the carpenter confuses the athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
subjrel_that	The doctor that greets the friend remembers the poet	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The doctor that greets the guy observes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The doctor that greets the lawyer criticizes the guy	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The doctor that greets the man stimulates the aunt	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the farmer stimulates the singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the kid engages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
subjrel_that	The doctor that knows the farmer approves the boy	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that knows the teacher confuses the woman	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The doctor that observes the girl criticizes the mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The doctor that observes the teacher remembers the poet	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that	The doctor that observes the victim approves the kid	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that observes the woman greets the mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The doctor that remembers the poet approves the friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that stimulates the girl remembers the farmer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The doctor that stimulates the guy encourages the man	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that stimulates the man greets the girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The doctor that stimulates the poet greets the friend	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The doctor that understands the boy approves the kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that understands the father remembers the poet	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The farmer that admires the father inspires the mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The farmer that admires the singer discourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that admires the teacher approves the man	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The farmer that approves the athlete engages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The farmer that approves the kid remembers the woman	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that	The farmer that approves the lawyer discourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that avoids the athlete admires the singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The farmer that avoids the guy approves the man	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The farmer that avoids the kid greets the aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that confuses the father discourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that confuses the girl avoids the victim	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The farmer that confuses the uncle understands the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The farmer that criticizes the carpenter discourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that criticizes the kid observes the woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The farmer that criticizes the singer avoids the doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The farmer that encourages the friend observes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The farmer that encourages the girl approves the athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The farmer that engages the singer approves the boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that	The farmer that greets the teacher remembers the woman	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The farmer that inspires the father remembers the singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that	The farmer that inspires the guy observes the victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The farmer that inspires the guy understands the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The farmer that knows the boy inspires the guy	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The farmer that knows the teacher remembers the poet	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that	The farmer that knows the woman confuses the guy	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The farmer that knows the woman confuses the singer	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The farmer that observes the girl understands the woman	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The farmer that observes the guy knows the doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
subjrel_that	The farmer that remembers the carpenter avoids the athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The farmer that remembers the carpenter criticizes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
subjrel_that	The farmer that remembers the kid discourages the woman	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that stimulates the father admires the woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that	The father that admires the doctor encourages the victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The father that admires the doctor remembers the girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The father that admires the girl greets the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The father that admires the mother inspires the girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that admires the victim remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The father that approves the aunt stimulates the man	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The father that approves the singer greets the boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The father that avoids the carpenter remembers the teacher	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The father that avoids the guy inspires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that avoids the guy inspires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that avoids the man remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The father that avoids the victim knows the doctor	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The father that avoids the victim knows the girl	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The father that confuses the mother inspires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that confuses the mother observes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The father that confuses the victim greets the girl	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The father that confuses the victim remembers the mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The father that criticizes the aunt approves the farmer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The father that criticizes the carpenter admires the man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The father that criticizes the poet admires the mother	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The father that discourages the mother avoids the poet	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The father that discourages the mother engages the friend	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The father that discourages the singer encourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that	The father that encourages the kid stimulates the poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The father that engages the poet discourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The father that engages the singer confuses the kid	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that greets the athlete remembers the guy	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The father that greets the boy encourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
subjrel_that	The father that greets the boy knows the victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that	The father that greets the girl observes the guy	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The father that inspires the mother confuses the kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that inspires the singer stimulates the girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The father that knows the carpenter confuses the girl	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that knows the man engages the friend	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that	The father that knows the man understands the guy	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that	The father that knows the woman confuses the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that knows the woman remembers the poet	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that	The father that observes the man approves the poet	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The father that remembers the carpenter greets the aunt	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The father that remembers the carpenter stimulates the victim	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The father that remembers the lawyer greets the girl	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The father that remembers the victim encourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The father that stimulates the boy knows the mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that	The father that understands the uncle observes the victim	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that admires the boy inspires the guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The friend that admires the farmer remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The friend that admires the father approves the man	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The friend that admires the mother approves the woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The friend that admires the poet encourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The friend that approves the father understands the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The friend that approves the lawyer knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
subjrel_that	The friend that approves the poet observes the woman	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that approves the singer engages the father	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The friend that approves the woman discourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that avoids the doctor criticizes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The friend that avoids the father observes the mother	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that avoids the guy greets the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The friend that avoids the mother criticizes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The friend that avoids the teacher encourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The friend that avoids the teacher knows the father	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The friend that confuses the aunt inspires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The friend that confuses the lawyer greets the poet	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The friend that confuses the poet criticizes the guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The friend that confuses the uncle encourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that	The friend that criticizes the aunt confuses the woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that	The friend that criticizes the doctor confuses the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that	The friend that criticizes the girl greets the athlete	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The friend that criticizes the mother remembers the victim	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The friend that criticizes the poet observes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that discourages the aunt observes the victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that discourages the boy greets the teacher	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The friend that discourages the farmer stimulates the woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The friend that discourages the woman greets the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The friend that encourages the girl remembers the aunt	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The friend that encourages the guy greets the poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The friend that engages the mother observes the boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that engages the teacher greets the poet	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The friend that engages the uncle avoids the singer	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The friend that greets the farmer approves the teacher	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The friend that greets the lawyer knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that	The friend that greets the teacher engages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The friend that greets the woman approves the farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The friend that inspires the athlete engages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
subjrel_that	The friend that inspires the lawyer stimulates the guy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The friend that inspires the man admires the girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the lawyer criticizes the boy	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the lawyer inspires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the uncle confuses the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The friend that observes the singer approves the kid	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The friend that observes the uncle discourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that observes the victim engages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The friend that remembers the lawyer inspires the girl	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that	The friend that stimulates the athlete discourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that stimulates the doctor criticizes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that	The friend that stimulates the doctor remembers the kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The friend that stimulates the father discourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that stimulates the teacher discourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that stimulates the teacher understands the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that	The friend that understands the singer criticizes the boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that admires the boy understands the guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
subjrel_that	The girl that admires the poet knows the aunt	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that	The girl that approves the carpenter discourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The girl that approves the farmer confuses the poet	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that approves the guy admires the victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The girl that approves the lawyer admires the guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The girl that approves the lawyer criticizes the victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that approves the mother stimulates the uncle	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The girl that avoids the doctor remembers the kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The girl that confuses the athlete understands the guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The girl that confuses the poet admires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The girl that confuses the singer admires the guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The girl that criticizes the athlete greets the friend	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The girl that criticizes the boy observes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The girl that criticizes the father approves the friend	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The girl that criticizes the lawyer avoids the doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that criticizes the mother approves the singer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The girl that criticizes the teacher knows the singer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the aunt stimulates the farmer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the farmer remembers the poet	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the guy greets the mother	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the man engages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the teacher remembers the man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the woman understands the man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the aunt greets the woman	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the guy greets the mother	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the mother confuses the boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the teacher confuses the farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the uncle approves the man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The girl that engages the singer confuses the kid	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that engages the teacher observes the singer	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The girl that engages the uncle criticizes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that greets the singer stimulates the aunt	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The girl that greets the teacher engages the woman	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The girl that greets the uncle knows the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that	The girl that inspires the farmer avoids the man	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that inspires the kid admires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The girl that knows the lawyer greets the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that	The girl that knows the poet remembers the doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the farmer engages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the kid avoids the athlete	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the poet criticizes the man	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the woman engages the poet	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the boy discourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the doctor discourages the woman	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the doctor engages the friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the doctor observes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the farmer confuses the singer	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the poet knows the kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the singer knows the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the woman greets the victim	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The girl that stimulates the farmer engages the father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The girl that stimulates the lawyer confuses the aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that understands the poet admires the teacher	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The girl that understands the victim confuses the uncle	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The guy that admires the athlete knows the mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that	The guy that admires the poet criticizes the woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the athlete admires the girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the athlete greets the aunt	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the farmer confuses the singer	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the poet criticizes the mother	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the victim criticizes the man	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the victim understands the teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the woman greets the girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The guy that avoids the athlete encourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The guy that avoids the aunt knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The guy that avoids the doctor knows the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The guy that avoids the farmer admires the woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that avoids the kid remembers the victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The guy that avoids the mother remembers the aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The guy that avoids the woman understands the singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The guy that confuses the lawyer observes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The guy that confuses the mother remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The guy that confuses the poet understands the singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The guy that criticizes the father encourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that	The guy that discourages the carpenter observes the woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The guy that discourages the teacher encourages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that	The guy that encourages the mother knows the friend	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
subjrel_that	The guy that encourages the singer remembers the victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The guy that engages the farmer discourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The guy that engages the mother inspires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The guy that engages the poet admires the teacher	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that greets the kid admires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that greets the victim inspires the poet	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the athlete knows the victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the friend remembers the singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the poet remembers the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the uncle greets the woman	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the uncle knows the teacher	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
subjrel_that	The guy that knows the doctor discourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The guy that knows the mother admires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that knows the singer observes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that	The guy that observes the friend understands the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The guy that observes the woman stimulates the uncle	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The guy that remembers the aunt encourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The guy that remembers the aunt encourages the father	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The guy that stimulates the girl avoids the aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The guy that stimulates the singer confuses the uncle	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The guy that stimulates the victim confuses the kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The guy that understands the poet remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The guy that understands the uncle approves the man	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the athlete avoids the doctor	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the aunt understands the friend	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the carpenter avoids the victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the poet avoids the farmer	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that approves the boy avoids the woman	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that approves the boy engages the girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The kid that approves the farmer greets the aunt	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The kid that approves the friend inspires the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that approves the girl engages the woman	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The kid that avoids the lawyer observes the boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The kid that avoids the victim criticizes the mother	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The kid that avoids the woman confuses the aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that confuses the farmer discourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that	The kid that confuses the girl approves the friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that	The kid that confuses the man discourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the father approves the poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the guy discourages the victim	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the guy engages the woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the poet approves the boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the uncle greets the girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the victim avoids the singer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that discourages the aunt confuses the man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that discourages the aunt knows the poet	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The kid that discourages the poet understands the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
subjrel_that	The kid that discourages the victim confuses the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that encourages the teacher avoids the boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that engages the poet observes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The kid that engages the teacher observes the friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the friend inspires the teacher	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the girl inspires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the lawyer approves the mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the man understands the victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the uncle avoids the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that inspires the doctor criticizes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that	The kid that knows the lawyer criticizes the father	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The kid that observes the doctor discourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The kid that observes the girl confuses the father	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that observes the mother encourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The kid that observes the teacher approves the athlete	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The kid that stimulates the lawyer avoids the guy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that stimulates the lawyer engages the singer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The kid that stimulates the singer inspires the boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that understands the guy admires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The kid that understands the victim confuses the singer	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the aunt knows the father	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the farmer confuses the athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the girl inspires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the girl knows the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the kid knows the man	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that approves the aunt engages the victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that approves the boy greets the uncle	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The lawyer that approves the father encourages the victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that approves the kid criticizes the singer	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The lawyer that approves the woman understands the guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The lawyer that avoids the carpenter knows the woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that avoids the doctor understands the farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The lawyer that avoids the friend engages the father	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that avoids the friend stimulates the doctor	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The lawyer that avoids the mother engages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that avoids the mother understands the girl	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The lawyer that confuses the mother greets the boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The lawyer that confuses the singer encourages the father	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that criticizes the boy engages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that criticizes the girl encourages the victim	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that discourages the boy engages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that discourages the farmer avoids the singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The lawyer that encourages the kid avoids the boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The lawyer that engages the boy knows the woman	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that engages the kid observes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The lawyer that engages the teacher avoids the farmer	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The lawyer that engages the woman knows the teacher	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that greets the doctor observes the woman	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The lawyer that greets the father stimulates the guy	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The lawyer that greets the friend engages the kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that greets the guy stimulates the farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The lawyer that greets the victim admires the singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that greets the victim confuses the girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
subjrel_that	The lawyer that inspires the athlete criticizes the singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that	The lawyer that inspires the friend discourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that inspires the mother remembers the farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that	The lawyer that knows the father discourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that knows the friend inspires the boy	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that knows the man engages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that knows the poet understands the woman	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the athlete avoids the guy	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the aunt knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the mother inspires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the mother inspires the man	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the poet greets the father	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the poet remembers the victim	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that	The lawyer that stimulates the boy criticizes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that	The lawyer that stimulates the carpenter encourages the woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that stimulates the father engages the boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that understands the athlete stimulates the singer	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that	The lawyer that understands the farmer avoids the teacher	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The lawyer that understands the kid approves the man	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The man that admires the kid approves the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The man that admires the lawyer stimulates the girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The man that approves the farmer remembers the uncle	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that	The man that avoids the athlete admires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The man that avoids the aunt discourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that	The man that avoids the kid engages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
subjrel_that	The man that avoids the mother inspires the victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The man that avoids the teacher stimulates the aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The man that avoids the victim admires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The man that confuses the father criticizes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The man that confuses the guy criticizes the girl	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The man that confuses the uncle observes the mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The man that criticizes the teacher greets the doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The man that discourages the guy remembers the uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The man that discourages the teacher encourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the athlete greets the farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the aunt knows the girl	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the boy inspires the singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the doctor knows the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the doctor stimulates the aunt	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the guy discourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the guy stimulates the boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the lawyer admires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the mother approves the singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The man that engages the aunt admires the girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The man that engages the farmer avoids the aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The man that greets the aunt confuses the girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that greets the guy discourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that	The man that greets the teacher inspires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The man that greets the uncle confuses the father	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that inspires the carpenter criticizes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that	The man that inspires the girl avoids the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The man that inspires the mother observes the father	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The man that inspires the poet stimulates the boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The man that knows the father remembers the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that	The man that knows the mother remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that	The man that knows the uncle discourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The man that observes the lawyer approves the friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The man that observes the lawyer engages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The man that observes the teacher criticizes the father	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The man that remembers the friend greets the father	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The man that remembers the teacher engages the kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
subjrel_that	The man that stimulates the mother inspires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The man that understands the friend criticizes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The man that understands the mother greets the woman	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that admires the aunt approves the doctor	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The mother that admires the farmer observes the kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The mother that admires the kid inspires the girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The mother that approves the aunt greets the doctor	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that approves the singer discourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The mother that approves the teacher criticizes the poet	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that approves the victim confuses the woman	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The mother that avoids the poet admires the woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that avoids the uncle discourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that	The mother that avoids the woman greets the aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that confuses the doctor greets the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that confuses the guy avoids the father	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The mother that confuses the lawyer greets the teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that confuses the teacher stimulates the boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that	The mother that confuses the uncle criticizes the man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that criticizes the friend stimulates the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that	The mother that criticizes the guy engages the victim	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The mother that criticizes the man understands the farmer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
subjrel_that	The mother that discourages the father engages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The mother that discourages the woman admires the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the farmer approves the friend	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the friend knows the singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the guy approves the aunt	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the kid confuses the doctor	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the uncle approves the aunt	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The mother that engages the doctor admires the singer	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that engages the friend greets the man	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that engages the girl admires the poet	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that engages the girl discourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The mother that engages the kid greets the boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that engages the lawyer avoids the aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The mother that engages the victim observes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The mother that greets the aunt criticizes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that greets the boy stimulates the singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the boy remembers the girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the guy knows the kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the guy stimulates the boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the man admires the kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the poet observes the guy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the singer avoids the poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the singer engages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
subjrel_that	The mother that knows the father observes the man	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that	The mother that knows the victim admires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the kid encourages the father	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the lawyer avoids the athlete	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the singer confuses the uncle	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the victim criticizes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the victim inspires the poet	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the woman confuses the father	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The mother that remembers the father engages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
subjrel_that	The mother that remembers the woman engages the boy	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
subjrel_that	The mother that stimulates the athlete criticizes the father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that stimulates the aunt avoids the farmer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The mother that stimulates the man discourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The mother that stimulates the uncle discourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The mother that stimulates the woman admires the victim	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that stimulates the woman remembers the poet	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The mother that understands the father encourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
subjrel_that	The mother that understands the man inspires the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that	The poet that admires the farmer observes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The poet that admires the father understands the girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
subjrel_that	The poet that admires the girl approves the kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The poet that admires the guy knows the kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that	The poet that admires the teacher remembers the doctor	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The poet that approves the kid greets the boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The poet that approves the mother understands the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The poet that avoids the farmer confuses the mother	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that avoids the man criticizes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The poet that avoids the man greets the father	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The poet that avoids the victim remembers the athlete	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The poet that confuses the athlete approves the singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that	The poet that confuses the mother greets the teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The poet that confuses the singer stimulates the guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that	The poet that confuses the teacher encourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that	The poet that criticizes the athlete inspires the singer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that	The poet that criticizes the athlete observes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The poet that encourages the doctor inspires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The poet that encourages the doctor observes the father	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The poet that encourages the man inspires the father	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The poet that encourages the victim avoids the aunt	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The poet that encourages the victim discourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that	The poet that engages the father confuses the athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that engages the woman admires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The poet that greets the boy knows the aunt	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that	The poet that greets the father engages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The poet that greets the friend understands the singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that	The poet that greets the man knows the victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that	The poet that inspires the guy understands the singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The poet that inspires the kid discourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The poet that inspires the mother discourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The poet that inspires the teacher encourages the man	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The poet that knows the carpenter engages the woman	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that	The poet that knows the doctor encourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The poet that knows the lawyer discourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The poet that knows the mother criticizes the guy	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The poet that knows the singer engages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that	The poet that observes the farmer approves the aunt	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The poet that remembers the carpenter stimulates the athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The poet that remembers the kid admires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The poet that stimulates the father understands the mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that	The poet that stimulates the man observes the singer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that	The poet that stimulates the mother approves the father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the doctor confuses the kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the doctor knows the father	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the friend discourages the man	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the girl observes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the kid inspires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the lawyer confuses the guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The singer that admires the boy confuses the poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The singer that admires the girl understands the friend	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
subjrel_that	The singer that admires the poet criticizes the man	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The singer that admires the victim approves the friend	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the aunt encourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the boy encourages the woman	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the boy engages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the father greets the boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the guy avoids the boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the victim observes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
subjrel_that	The singer that avoids the carpenter greets the kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The singer that avoids the farmer confuses the friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The singer that avoids the girl confuses the woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The singer that avoids the kid stimulates the athlete	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that confuses the aunt admires the teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The singer that confuses the carpenter remembers the boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The singer that confuses the carpenter remembers the man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The singer that confuses the father greets the victim	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The singer that confuses the man inspires the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The singer that confuses the uncle engages the man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that criticizes the athlete remembers the aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The singer that criticizes the aunt engages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that criticizes the guy admires the woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The singer that criticizes the guy remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The singer that discourages the doctor criticizes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The singer that discourages the doctor remembers the father	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The singer that discourages the friend observes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The singer that discourages the man approves the aunt	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that discourages the teacher engages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that discourages the victim avoids the man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that encourages the carpenter understands the guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The singer that encourages the guy criticizes the mother	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The singer that encourages the kid stimulates the farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that engages the farmer greets the friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The singer that engages the father remembers the kid	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The singer that engages the friend discourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that engages the kid discourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that engages the kid understands the doctor	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that	The singer that engages the teacher remembers the boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The singer that greets the father approves the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that greets the uncle approves the kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that inspires the carpenter discourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that inspires the guy approves the poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that inspires the victim knows the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
subjrel_that	The singer that knows the aunt admires the teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
subjrel_that	The singer that knows the doctor inspires the woman	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The singer that knows the father encourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The singer that knows the lawyer stimulates the uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that observes the carpenter avoids the mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that observes the lawyer understands the woman	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The singer that observes the poet admires the kid	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The singer that observes the poet confuses the guy	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The singer that remembers the mother avoids the doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that remembers the victim admires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The singer that stimulates the boy observes the victim	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that	The singer that stimulates the man approves the boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that stimulates the woman engages the girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that understands the aunt inspires the mother	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that	The singer that understands the friend observes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The singer that understands the poet greets the man	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The teacher that admires the carpenter understands the friend	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
subjrel_that	The teacher that approves the farmer remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that	The teacher that approves the father engages the mother	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The teacher that approves the lawyer understands the mother	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The teacher that approves the singer greets the boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The teacher that approves the singer remembers the poet	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that	The teacher that approves the victim criticizes the singer	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The teacher that approves the woman understands the friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The teacher that avoids the girl criticizes the man	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The teacher that avoids the lawyer knows the guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The teacher that confuses the woman avoids the kid	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The teacher that criticizes the kid approves the man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The teacher that criticizes the victim avoids the aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The teacher that criticizes the victim greets the man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The teacher that discourages the girl remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The teacher that discourages the lawyer understands the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
subjrel_that	The teacher that discourages the mother knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the boy approves the uncle	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the guy stimulates the doctor	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the mother approves the guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the uncle confuses the woman	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The teacher that engages the victim inspires the mother	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The teacher that greets the father criticizes the woman	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The teacher that greets the victim criticizes the kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The teacher that greets the woman knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that	The teacher that inspires the guy discourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that inspires the victim engages the mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
subjrel_that	The teacher that knows the boy observes the poet	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that	The teacher that knows the poet avoids the singer	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The teacher that knows the poet discourages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that observes the athlete approves the man	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The teacher that observes the aunt discourages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that observes the friend encourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that observes the girl greets the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The teacher that remembers the carpenter encourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that remembers the girl inspires the woman	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that	The teacher that remembers the guy confuses the farmer	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The teacher that stimulates the boy criticizes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that	The teacher that stimulates the doctor remembers the uncle	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The teacher that stimulates the guy observes the boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that	The teacher that stimulates the uncle observes the father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the aunt discourages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the aunt remembers the kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the man remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the singer discourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that admires the aunt encourages the woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that admires the victim approves the farmer	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The uncle that approves the friend understands the farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The uncle that approves the guy criticizes the girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The uncle that approves the victim knows the poet	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
subjrel_that	The uncle that avoids the mother knows the poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The uncle that avoids the victim encourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that confuses the boy stimulates the poet	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that	The uncle that confuses the carpenter remembers the aunt	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The uncle that confuses the teacher stimulates the guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the farmer observes the man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the guy encourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the kid engages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that discourages the boy avoids the father	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that discourages the doctor engages the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that discourages the girl remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The uncle that encourages the aunt greets the doctor	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The uncle that encourages the father stimulates the poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The uncle that encourages the kid admires the girl	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The uncle that engages the athlete confuses the aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The uncle that engages the aunt inspires the victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The uncle that engages the lawyer confuses the mother	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The uncle that engages the poet observes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that engages the singer observes the friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that engages the teacher remembers the man	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the athlete engages the father	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the guy stimulates the friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the kid avoids the girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the kid remembers the mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the athlete understands the friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the carpenter remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the friend engages the kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the teacher engages the girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that knows the boy admires the poet	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
subjrel_that	The uncle that observes the girl engages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that observes the man avoids the doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that observes the mother confuses the boy	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The uncle that remembers the carpenter avoids the athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that remembers the carpenter greets the girl	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The uncle that remembers the doctor avoids the guy	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that remembers the girl observes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that remembers the girl observes the guy	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that remembers the guy criticizes the poet	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
subjrel_that	The uncle that remembers the lawyer encourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that stimulates the farmer criticizes the woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that	The uncle that stimulates the farmer engages the girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that stimulates the kid remembers the doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The uncle that stimulates the man understands the woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that	The uncle that understands the athlete engages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that understands the aunt admires the woman	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The uncle that understands the man knows the aunt	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that	The victim that admires the father approves the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The victim that admires the father approves the girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The victim that admires the guy greets the uncle	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The victim that admires the kid inspires the boy	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the carpenter discourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the doctor engages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the father encourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the girl observes the kid	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the guy discourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the doctor inspires the father	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the lawyer admires the friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the uncle admires the mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the woman understands the father	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The victim that criticizes the boy avoids the teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The victim that criticizes the farmer engages the woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The victim that criticizes the girl approves the father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The victim that criticizes the guy remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The victim that criticizes the poet engages the friend	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The victim that criticizes the poet remembers the teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The victim that criticizes the woman encourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that	The victim that discourages the aunt inspires the kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that discourages the doctor remembers the mother	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The victim that discourages the guy observes the girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The victim that discourages the mother remembers the man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The victim that discourages the teacher inspires the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that encourages the farmer understands the man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The victim that encourages the guy discourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that	The victim that encourages the guy understands the mother	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The victim that encourages the teacher avoids the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The victim that engages the aunt inspires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that greets the boy remembers the woman	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The victim that inspires the girl criticizes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that	The victim that inspires the guy greets the farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The victim that inspires the man criticizes the mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that	The victim that inspires the poet knows the mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
subjrel_that	The victim that knows the mother avoids the kid	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The victim that knows the poet observes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that	The victim that knows the woman greets the girl	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that	The victim that observes the carpenter inspires the girl	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that observes the singer understands the boy	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The victim that remembers the doctor stimulates the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The victim that remembers the guy encourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The victim that remembers the kid greets the mother	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The victim that remembers the man confuses the doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The victim that remembers the singer criticizes the man	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
subjrel_that	The victim that stimulates the athlete avoids the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The victim that stimulates the friend avoids the teacher	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The victim that stimulates the friend knows the singer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that	The victim that stimulates the guy confuses the aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The victim that stimulates the teacher admires the friend	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that	The victim that understands the athlete inspires the boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that understands the boy observes the girl	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The victim that understands the guy stimulates the singer	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that	The victim that understands the poet remembers the boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The victim that understands the uncle stimulates the friend	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that	The victim that understands the woman approves the uncle	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The woman that admires the father discourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
subjrel_that	The woman that admires the poet inspires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the athlete understands the uncle	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the boy admires the friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the boy remembers the farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the carpenter engages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the father observes the man	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the friend stimulates the singer	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the lawyer admires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the mother encourages the victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the poet stimulates the kid	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that avoids the boy criticizes the victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The woman that avoids the farmer engages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
subjrel_that	The woman that avoids the victim knows the singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The woman that confuses the aunt greets the guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The woman that confuses the farmer observes the friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The woman that confuses the father knows the athlete	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The woman that confuses the lawyer discourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that	The woman that confuses the poet engages the victim	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The woman that confuses the poet observes the mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The woman that confuses the poet remembers the guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The woman that criticizes the carpenter greets the victim	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The woman that criticizes the farmer engages the man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The woman that criticizes the father inspires the kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that	The woman that criticizes the guy observes the kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The woman that criticizes the singer approves the girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The woman that criticizes the singer remembers the victim	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The woman that discourages the carpenter criticizes the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The woman that discourages the kid remembers the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The woman that encourages the girl greets the guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The woman that encourages the girl inspires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the farmer observes the victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the father admires the man	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the friend approves the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the girl stimulates the aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the poet encourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the doctor engages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the doctor observes the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the farmer observes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the friend inspires the boy	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the friend knows the victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the girl criticizes the man	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the girl remembers the kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the man avoids the uncle	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the teacher stimulates the farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that inspires the aunt understands the mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The woman that inspires the doctor admires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The woman that inspires the friend avoids the doctor	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The woman that inspires the guy admires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The woman that inspires the uncle discourages the father	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The woman that knows the carpenter encourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that knows the carpenter remembers the boy	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that	The woman that knows the mother confuses the man	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The woman that knows the victim encourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that knows the victim encourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the boy confuses the mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the uncle confuses the kid	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The woman that remembers the doctor greets the aunt	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The woman that remembers the father encourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that remembers the girl observes the kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The woman that remembers the teacher avoids the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The woman that stimulates the guy encourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that stimulates the uncle engages the girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The woman that stimulates the uncle observes the victim	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that	The woman that understands the athlete approves the victim	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The woman that understands the boy stimulates the father	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that understands the farmer engages the father	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The woman that understands the man stimulates the father	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that	The athlete that admires the teacher greets the kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The athlete that approves the guy admires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The athlete that avoids the mother discourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that confuses the doctor knows the mothers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The athlete that confuses the mother knows the uncles	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The athlete that confuses the uncle approves the boys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that	The athlete that criticizes the boy discourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that criticizes the doctor understands the poets	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that	The athlete that criticizes the father approves the guys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The athlete that criticizes the mother encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that criticizes the mother knows the men	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The athlete that discourages the girl remembers the singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The athlete that discourages the man observes the boys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The athlete that discourages the victim confuses the men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The athlete that encourages the doctor avoids the mothers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The athlete that encourages the guy criticizes the friends	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The athlete that encourages the mother stimulates the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The athlete that encourages the poet observes the kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The athlete that encourages the poet remembers the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The athlete that encourages the singer knows the fathers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that	The athlete that encourages the victim knows the women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that	The athlete that engages the friend greets the boys	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The athlete that engages the friend inspires the fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The athlete that engages the guy remembers the aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The athlete that engages the mother encourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that engages the singer encourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that engages the teacher inspires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the farmer knows the teachers	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the girl stimulates the poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The athlete that inspires the doctor avoids the kids	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The athlete that inspires the father understands the girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The athlete that inspires the poet avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The athlete that knows the farmer confuses the girls	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The athlete that knows the singer inspires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The athlete that observes the doctor criticizes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The athlete that observes the poet confuses the singers	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The athlete that remembers the friend avoids the aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The athlete that remembers the poet admires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The athlete that stimulates the aunt engages the guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The athlete that stimulates the boy engages the girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The athlete that stimulates the teacher observes the women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that	The athlete that stimulates the victim avoids the poets	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The athlete that stimulates the victim avoids the singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The athlete that understands the boy criticizes the men	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The athlete that understands the singer encourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that admires the doctor stimulates the kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The aunt that admires the guy discourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that admires the lawyer engages the poets	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that	The aunt that admires the victim inspires the girls	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that approves the girl avoids the poets	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The aunt that avoids the uncle stimulates the singers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The aunt that confuses the boy inspires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that confuses the teacher encourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that confuses the woman remembers the singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The aunt that discourages the farmer encourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that discourages the victim inspires the fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that encourages the boy understands the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The aunt that encourages the teacher approves the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The aunt that encourages the victim inspires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that encourages the victim understands the fathers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The aunt that engages the farmer understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that	The aunt that engages the mother discourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that engages the victim knows the doctors	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that	The aunt that engages the woman admires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that greets the doctor discourages the men	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that greets the farmer observes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that greets the girl stimulates the friends	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The aunt that greets the woman encourages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that inspires the father confuses the friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The aunt that inspires the father encourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that inspires the girl avoids the singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The aunt that inspires the poet confuses the girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The aunt that knows the athlete inspires the fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that knows the athlete stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
subjrel_that	The aunt that knows the father stimulates the athletes	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
subjrel_that	The aunt that knows the poet understands the kids	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that	The aunt that knows the singer criticizes the victims	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The aunt that knows the uncle remembers the friends	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
subjrel_that	The aunt that observes the boy confuses the farmers	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The aunt that observes the friend admires the girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that observes the lawyer criticizes the women	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The aunt that observes the victim greets the singers	singular	singular	plural	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The aunt that remembers the singer engages the kids	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that	The aunt that stimulates the carpenter inspires the fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that stimulates the lawyer inspires the boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that stimulates the man confuses the mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The aunt that stimulates the poet knows the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
subjrel_that	The aunt that understands the doctor greets the kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The aunt that understands the farmer admires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that understands the father greets the singers	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The aunt that understands the singer engages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The aunt that understands the teacher knows the athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that	The aunt that understands the woman greets the poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The boy that admires the doctor observes the friends	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The boy that admires the farmer avoids the victims	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The boy that admires the poet greets the women	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The boy that admires the uncle knows the teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
subjrel_that	The boy that approves the aunt admires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The boy that approves the carpenter encourages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The boy that approves the teacher discourages the women	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The boy that avoids the doctor approves the aunts	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The boy that avoids the lawyer understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The boy that avoids the mother understands the farmers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The boy that avoids the poet encourages the men	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The boy that avoids the woman criticizes the kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The boy that confuses the father knows the friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The boy that confuses the friend engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that confuses the guy engages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that criticizes the carpenter observes the guys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The boy that criticizes the farmer engages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that criticizes the farmer stimulates the aunts	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that	The boy that criticizes the father approves the aunts	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The boy that criticizes the girl discourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The boy that criticizes the guy observes the kids	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The boy that discourages the aunt avoids the girls	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The boy that discourages the carpenter approves the singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The boy that discourages the friend engages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that discourages the guy confuses the victims	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The boy that encourages the aunt stimulates the kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The boy that encourages the teacher knows the girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that	The boy that engages the doctor encourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that	The boy that engages the girl admires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The boy that engages the uncle inspires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The boy that greets the aunt observes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The boy that greets the doctor observes the uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The boy that greets the lawyer engages the men	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that greets the mother avoids the friends	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The boy that greets the victim understands the friends	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that	The boy that greets the woman discourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
subjrel_that	The boy that greets the woman inspires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the teacher knows the poets	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
subjrel_that	The boy that knows the doctor observes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
subjrel_that	The boy that observes the girl stimulates the women	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The boy that observes the lawyer encourages the women	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The boy that observes the lawyer engages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that observes the mother avoids the uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The boy that observes the victim knows the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	know
subjrel_that	The boy that remembers the victim confuses the friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The boy that stimulates the athlete engages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that stimulates the friend avoids the men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The boy that stimulates the man greets the farmers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The boy that understands the aunt encourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that	The boy that understands the doctor avoids the teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The boy that understands the guy engages the singers	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that understands the kid knows the athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that	The boy that understands the mother greets the friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The boy that understands the poet remembers the guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The boy that understands the uncle criticizes the women	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The boy that understands the victim admires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The boy that understands the victim observes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the aunt discourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the doctor stimulates the men	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the farmer stimulates the teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the girl approves the victims	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The carpenter that approves the girl knows the aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
subjrel_that	The carpenter that approves the victim criticizes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The carpenter that criticizes the athlete confuses the singers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that criticizes the doctor admires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that criticizes the doctor engages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that criticizes the doctor observes the victims	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The carpenter that criticizes the father admires the women	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that criticizes the father knows the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The carpenter that criticizes the mother admires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that criticizes the singer inspires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that criticizes the teacher greets the doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The carpenter that discourages the father observes the uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The carpenter that discourages the father remembers the women	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The carpenter that discourages the victim knows the farmers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The carpenter that encourages the doctor discourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that encourages the lawyer confuses the friends	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that encourages the mother greets the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The carpenter that encourages the uncle inspires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that engages the doctor confuses the uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that greets the doctor approves the boys	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The carpenter that greets the father knows the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that	The carpenter that greets the kid approves the boys	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The carpenter that greets the poet inspires the singers	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that greets the woman encourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that greets the woman remembers the farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The carpenter that inspires the doctor encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that inspires the man remembers the guys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that	The carpenter that inspires the uncle confuses the friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that knows the girl understands the mothers	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that	The carpenter that knows the poet approves the fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
subjrel_that	The carpenter that observes the doctor encourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that observes the farmer remembers the victims	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
subjrel_that	The carpenter that observes the mother stimulates the boys	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The carpenter that observes the singer knows the aunts	singular	singular	plural	observe	know
subjrel_that	The carpenter that observes the uncle knows the guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	know
subjrel_that	The carpenter that observes the victim greets the boys	singular	singular	plural	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The carpenter that remembers the farmer avoids the friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The carpenter that remembers the lawyer avoids the boys	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The carpenter that understands the aunt observes the women	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The carpenter that understands the singer engages the friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The doctor that admires the kid criticizes the guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The doctor that admires the mother knows the girls	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
subjrel_that	The doctor that approves the girl confuses the poets	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The doctor that approves the kid engages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The doctor that approves the teacher avoids the poets	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that approves the victim encourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that avoids the carpenter encourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that avoids the lawyer criticizes the kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The doctor that avoids the uncle remembers the poets	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The doctor that confuses the athlete approves the farmers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that confuses the man observes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The doctor that confuses the mother inspires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The doctor that criticizes the athlete avoids the uncles	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that criticizes the aunt approves the friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that criticizes the father stimulates the women	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that	The doctor that criticizes the friend discourages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that criticizes the poet avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that discourages the father greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The doctor that discourages the friend approves the victims	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that discourages the lawyer approves the boys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that encourages the athlete stimulates the girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The doctor that encourages the guy approves the farmers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that engages the aunt knows the fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that	The doctor that engages the friend inspires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The doctor that greets the carpenter inspires the singers	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The doctor that greets the friend stimulates the poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the aunt stimulates the friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the carpenter discourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the carpenter encourages the women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the carpenter knows the singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the guy admires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the guy remembers the fathers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the lawyer remembers the athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the man approves the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the teacher encourages the men	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the woman criticizes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that	The doctor that knows the athlete approves the mothers	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that knows the aunt confuses the boys	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The doctor that observes the carpenter confuses the girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The doctor that observes the kid approves the victims	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that observes the teacher remembers the guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
subjrel_that	The doctor that remembers the athlete understands the farmers	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
subjrel_that	The doctor that remembers the farmer understands the aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
subjrel_that	The doctor that remembers the girl knows the men	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
subjrel_that	The doctor that remembers the lawyer criticizes the men	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that	The doctor that remembers the lawyer encourages the men	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that stimulates the aunt observes the men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that	The doctor that stimulates the farmer admires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that	The doctor that stimulates the friend remembers the men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The doctor that stimulates the mother approves the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that understands the friend encourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that understands the teacher avoids the girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that understands the uncle approves the aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that understands the victim criticizes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The farmer that admires the friend greets the teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that admires the friend stimulates the poets	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The farmer that admires the teacher greets the friends	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that approves the athlete discourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that approves the guy avoids the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The farmer that approves the poet admires the victims	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The farmer that approves the teacher knows the doctors	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
subjrel_that	The farmer that approves the uncle confuses the guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The farmer that avoids the girl encourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that avoids the kid criticizes the victims	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The farmer that avoids the man engages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that	The farmer that avoids the man inspires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The farmer that confuses the father greets the singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that confuses the kid criticizes the men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The farmer that confuses the woman greets the mothers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that criticizes the athlete avoids the poets	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The farmer that criticizes the athlete greets the fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that criticizes the carpenter knows the poets	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The farmer that criticizes the girl understands the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that	The farmer that criticizes the guy understands the mothers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that	The farmer that criticizes the teacher greets the victims	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that criticizes the uncle approves the athletes	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The farmer that criticizes the woman stimulates the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that	The farmer that discourages the aunt greets the victims	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that discourages the boy remembers the kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The farmer that discourages the mother avoids the fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The farmer that discourages the uncle approves the singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The farmer that encourages the boy knows the teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that	The farmer that encourages the friend confuses the boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The farmer that encourages the singer discourages the poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that encourages the woman engages the victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The farmer that engages the doctor encourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that engages the father stimulates the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The farmer that engages the guy encourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that engages the guy remembers the athletes	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The farmer that engages the lawyer avoids the women	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The farmer that engages the lawyer criticizes the uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that	The farmer that greets the father understands the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that	The farmer that greets the lawyer inspires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The farmer that inspires the friend encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that knows the friend approves the women	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
subjrel_that	The farmer that knows the victim encourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that observes the carpenter avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The farmer that observes the kid admires the women	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The farmer that observes the uncle confuses the victims	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The farmer that observes the uncle discourages the poets	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that observes the victim admires the mothers	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The farmer that observes the victim greets the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that remembers the carpenter inspires the guys	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
subjrel_that	The farmer that remembers the friend inspires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
subjrel_that	The farmer that remembers the kid observes the women	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The farmer that remembers the lawyer avoids the poets	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The farmer that remembers the poet knows the fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
subjrel_that	The farmer that stimulates the boy confuses the girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The farmer that stimulates the mother greets the victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that understands the doctor engages the guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The farmer that understands the man observes the kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The father that admires the boy observes the women	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The father that admires the farmer confuses the doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that admires the poet stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The father that admires the teacher avoids the farmers	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The father that approves the doctor engages the kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The father that approves the farmer understands the guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The father that approves the friend criticizes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The father that approves the woman stimulates the poets	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The father that avoids the friend confuses the men	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that avoids the girl understands the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The father that avoids the man knows the teachers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The father that confuses the boy avoids the victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The father that confuses the boy knows the men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The father that confuses the doctor avoids the aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The father that confuses the lawyer inspires the mothers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that confuses the mother inspires the victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that confuses the uncle approves the friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that	The father that confuses the woman approves the kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that	The father that criticizes the boy avoids the friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The father that criticizes the carpenter knows the friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The father that criticizes the lawyer inspires the singers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that criticizes the victim discourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The father that criticizes the victim knows the kids	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The father that discourages the athlete understands the victims	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that	The father that discourages the boy confuses the farmers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that discourages the doctor confuses the men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that discourages the kid knows the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The father that discourages the victim remembers the singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The father that encourages the aunt inspires the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that encourages the guy observes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The father that encourages the uncle confuses the friends	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that encourages the victim approves the kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The father that engages the guy remembers the teachers	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The father that engages the teacher greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The father that engages the teacher remembers the women	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The father that greets the friend avoids the aunts	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The father that greets the guy avoids the aunts	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The father that greets the kid approves the poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The father that greets the kid avoids the men	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The father that greets the mother inspires the kids	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that greets the poet stimulates the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The father that inspires the athlete discourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The father that inspires the girl approves the friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The father that inspires the girl knows the kids	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
subjrel_that	The father that inspires the guy confuses the farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that inspires the teacher observes the kids	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The father that knows the athlete engages the friends	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that	The father that knows the boy greets the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
subjrel_that	The father that knows the girl admires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that	The father that knows the kid confuses the victims	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that knows the teacher approves the women	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
subjrel_that	The father that knows the woman criticizes the boys	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The father that observes the victim remembers the uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
subjrel_that	The father that remembers the boy admires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The father that remembers the guy observes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The father that stimulates the girl inspires the boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that stimulates the kid understands the girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that	The father that stimulates the poet knows the uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
subjrel_that	The father that stimulates the poet understands the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that	The father that stimulates the uncle confuses the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that stimulates the woman approves the guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The father that understands the man stimulates the victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that	The father that understands the poet admires the friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The father that understands the poet discourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that admires the doctor knows the guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
subjrel_that	The friend that admires the girl stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The friend that admires the lawyer knows the farmers	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
subjrel_that	The friend that approves the kid stimulates the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The friend that approves the man remembers the fathers	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
subjrel_that	The friend that approves the uncle understands the guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The friend that avoids the boy remembers the women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The friend that avoids the lawyer encourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The friend that avoids the woman inspires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The friend that confuses the lawyer criticizes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The friend that confuses the poet criticizes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The friend that confuses the poet observes the girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that criticizes the farmer avoids the mothers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The friend that criticizes the uncle avoids the girls	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The friend that criticizes the woman encourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that	The friend that discourages the aunt engages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The friend that encourages the guy understands the athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The friend that encourages the poet stimulates the victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The friend that encourages the singer remembers the fathers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The friend that engages the aunt knows the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that	The friend that engages the boy avoids the mothers	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The friend that engages the poet criticizes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that	The friend that engages the teacher observes the kids	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that greets the boy observes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that greets the doctor discourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that inspires the athlete engages the women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
subjrel_that	The friend that inspires the kid admires the victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The friend that inspires the mother confuses the women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the athlete greets the fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the doctor greets the victims	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the farmer engages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the kid discourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the mother admires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the singer avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The friend that observes the father encourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The friend that observes the guy approves the boys	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The friend that observes the man knows the kids	singular	singular	plural	observe	know
subjrel_that	The friend that observes the mother stimulates the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The friend that stimulates the guy greets the farmers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The friend that stimulates the teacher approves the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The friend that understands the father approves the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The girl that admires the lawyer criticizes the singers	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that admires the man inspires the women	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The girl that admires the teacher engages the kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that	The girl that admires the woman criticizes the boys	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that avoids the athlete engages the friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that	The girl that avoids the farmer observes the men	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The girl that avoids the mother knows the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The girl that avoids the poet remembers the men	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The girl that confuses the man encourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that	The girl that confuses the singer inspires the kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The girl that criticizes the doctor understands the athletes	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that	The girl that criticizes the farmer observes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The girl that criticizes the kid remembers the teachers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the athlete observes the kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the carpenter understands the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the uncle inspires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the woman avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the woman criticizes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the woman inspires the men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the athlete observes the guys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the farmer greets the fathers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the father engages the victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the friend greets the boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the guy remembers the teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The girl that engages the father knows the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that	The girl that engages the mother confuses the poets	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that engages the singer remembers the poets	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The girl that greets the athlete understands the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that	The girl that greets the carpenter avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that greets the guy inspires the mothers	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The girl that inspires the doctor greets the fathers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The girl that inspires the farmer encourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The girl that inspires the farmer understands the men	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The girl that inspires the father avoids the kids	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that inspires the friend approves the kids	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The girl that inspires the mother understands the boys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The girl that inspires the teacher engages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
subjrel_that	The girl that knows the doctor stimulates the guys	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
subjrel_that	The girl that knows the lawyer criticizes the friends	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that knows the mother encourages the men	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The girl that knows the teacher remembers the doctors	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the athlete encourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the guy engages the kids	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the mother stimulates the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the athlete engages the victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the boy confuses the teachers	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the friend encourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the kid greets the fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the mother admires the friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the victim engages the kids	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that	The girl that stimulates the carpenter observes the women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that	The girl that understands the boy confuses the victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that understands the doctor admires the women	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The girl that understands the kid remembers the poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The girl that understands the lawyer approves the uncles	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The girl that understands the man remembers the aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The guy that admires the aunt approves the fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The guy that admires the lawyer criticizes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that admires the teacher knows the kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
subjrel_that	The guy that admires the woman knows the victims	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the teacher criticizes the friends	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the uncle encourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The guy that avoids the singer stimulates the men	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The guy that avoids the uncle remembers the teachers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The guy that confuses the aunt criticizes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that confuses the boy stimulates the mothers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that	The guy that confuses the father knows the aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The guy that confuses the singer avoids the aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The guy that confuses the teacher observes the women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The guy that confuses the victim inspires the boys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The guy that criticizes the boy stimulates the women	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that	The guy that criticizes the kid understands the women	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that	The guy that criticizes the singer knows the doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The guy that criticizes the teacher inspires the kids	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that	The guy that discourages the doctor confuses the fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The guy that discourages the lawyer stimulates the boys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The guy that discourages the singer approves the friends	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The guy that discourages the teacher greets the aunts	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The guy that discourages the woman admires the girls	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that encourages the boy admires the victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that encourages the girl criticizes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that encourages the poet stimulates the women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The guy that encourages the teacher engages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The guy that engages the athlete criticizes the girls	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that engages the father remembers the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The guy that engages the man criticizes the singers	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that greets the farmer confuses the aunts	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
subjrel_that	The guy that greets the father engages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The guy that greets the poet criticizes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that greets the victim stimulates the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The guy that greets the victim stimulates the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the boy stimulates the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the farmer discourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the poet knows the kids	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the teacher understands the friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The guy that knows the doctor greets the farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
subjrel_that	The guy that knows the man stimulates the aunts	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
subjrel_that	The guy that knows the victim admires the fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that observes the girl confuses the kids	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The guy that observes the lawyer engages the singers	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The guy that observes the woman engages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The guy that remembers the aunt observes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The guy that remembers the father admires the kids	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that remembers the teacher engages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that	The guy that stimulates the farmer criticizes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that stimulates the farmer encourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that	The guy that stimulates the friend inspires the poets	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The guy that stimulates the uncle confuses the singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The guy that understands the kid admires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that understands the woman remembers the poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the boy confuses the aunts	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the boy criticizes the women	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the carpenter encourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the girl inspires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that approves the aunt criticizes the girls	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The kid that approves the singer admires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The kid that avoids the girl remembers the athletes	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The kid that avoids the man knows the guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The kid that confuses the aunt knows the farmers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The kid that confuses the boy admires the poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The kid that confuses the father discourages the poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that	The kid that confuses the guy approves the teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the farmer knows the guys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the farmer stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the farmer stimulates the victims	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the father observes the boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the mother encourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the poet stimulates the fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the victim admires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The kid that discourages the boy approves the singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The kid that discourages the father observes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The kid that discourages the friend admires the girls	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The kid that discourages the friend engages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The kid that discourages the uncle avoids the boys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that encourages the farmer approves the girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The kid that encourages the man confuses the poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that encourages the singer confuses the fathers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that engages the doctor stimulates the guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The kid that engages the woman confuses the uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that engages the woman understands the fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the teacher knows the farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that	The kid that knows the athlete admires the victims	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that	The kid that knows the farmer observes the women	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
subjrel_that	The kid that knows the girl confuses the boys	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that knows the lawyer encourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The kid that knows the poet engages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that	The kid that observes the singer approves the men	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The kid that observes the uncle greets the friends	singular	singular	plural	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The kid that stimulates the lawyer understands the aunts	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that	The kid that stimulates the singer engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The kid that stimulates the uncle remembers the singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The kid that understands the doctor discourages the men	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the girl confuses the doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the poet criticizes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the singer inspires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the victim encourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that approves the boy knows the guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that approves the man greets the athletes	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The lawyer that avoids the kid knows the teachers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that avoids the mother encourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that confuses the father discourages the men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that confuses the kid remembers the athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The lawyer that confuses the mother knows the victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that confuses the poet criticizes the girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The lawyer that confuses the victim remembers the girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The lawyer that criticizes the doctor engages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that criticizes the mother engages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that discourages the doctor greets the aunts	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The lawyer that discourages the girl approves the singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The lawyer that discourages the uncle inspires the guys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that encourages the boy knows the women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that encourages the girl engages the women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that encourages the kid admires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that encourages the victim approves the mothers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The lawyer that engages the boy remembers the friends	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The lawyer that greets the doctor stimulates the aunts	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The lawyer that greets the father encourages the men	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that greets the girl inspires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that inspires the athlete observes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The lawyer that inspires the farmer stimulates the aunts	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The lawyer that knows the teacher remembers the doctors	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the boy understands the mothers	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the father approves the teachers	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the girl criticizes the guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the poet encourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that remembers the guy inspires the women	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that remembers the teacher avoids the uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The lawyer that remembers the woman discourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that stimulates the aunt discourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that stimulates the guy discourages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that stimulates the mother remembers the kids	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The lawyer that understands the aunt engages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that understands the doctor greets the victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The lawyer that understands the farmer admires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that understands the farmer approves the guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The lawyer that understands the teacher remembers the aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The lawyer that understands the uncle confuses the girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that admires the friend understands the teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that	The man that admires the victim greets the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The man that approves the friend understands the women	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The man that approves the poet understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The man that avoids the doctor criticizes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The man that avoids the kid engages the girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that	The man that avoids the lawyer understands the boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The man that avoids the teacher greets the mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The man that avoids the teacher remembers the guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The man that confuses the mother inspires the fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The man that confuses the teacher avoids the poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The man that criticizes the mother remembers the women	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The man that discourages the doctor avoids the kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The man that discourages the girl understands the poets	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that	The man that discourages the poet confuses the teachers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that discourages the singer understands the guys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that	The man that discourages the uncle remembers the farmers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The man that discourages the woman greets the doctors	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the athlete observes the women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the farmer remembers the teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the lawyer engages the girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the uncle remembers the victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The man that engages the father encourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that	The man that engages the teacher greets the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The man that greets the carpenter approves the uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The man that greets the girl confuses the fathers	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that greets the mother inspires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The man that greets the woman approves the teachers	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The man that inspires the girl admires the women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The man that inspires the girl stimulates the doctors	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The man that inspires the guy encourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The man that inspires the kid confuses the girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that knows the kid avoids the boys	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The man that knows the uncle approves the poets	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
subjrel_that	The man that knows the victim engages the singers	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that	The man that observes the athlete approves the poets	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The man that stimulates the farmer remembers the fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The man that stimulates the singer avoids the mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The man that stimulates the woman criticizes the guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that	The man that understands the athlete avoids the boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The man that understands the athlete knows the boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that	The man that understands the girl observes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The man that understands the kid admires the women	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The man that understands the woman remembers the singers	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The mother that admires the carpenter engages the girls	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that	The mother that admires the doctor approves the girls	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The mother that approves the father remembers the friends	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
subjrel_that	The mother that approves the woman greets the teachers	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that avoids the man knows the boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The mother that confuses the farmer criticizes the boys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that confuses the girl criticizes the singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that confuses the guy admires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that criticizes the doctor encourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that	The mother that criticizes the guy greets the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that criticizes the uncle greets the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that discourages the athlete greets the fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that discourages the lawyer avoids the singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The mother that discourages the man engages the friends	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The mother that discourages the singer observes the friends	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The mother that discourages the uncle knows the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the doctor remembers the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the farmer admires the men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the father admires the women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the father remembers the victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the guy confuses the uncles	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The mother that engages the carpenter knows the boys	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that	The mother that engages the farmer discourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The mother that engages the lawyer approves the girls	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
subjrel_that	The mother that engages the poet confuses the uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The mother that greets the friend engages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The mother that greets the kid stimulates the farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The mother that greets the uncle inspires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the aunt admires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the boy knows the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the boy stimulates the kids	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the poet observes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the woman stimulates the athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The mother that knows the kid avoids the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The mother that knows the lawyer confuses the guys	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The mother that knows the poet encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the guy remembers the friends	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the man encourages the women	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the singer stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The mother that remembers the boy encourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The mother that remembers the girl criticizes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that stimulates the carpenter approves the athletes	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The mother that stimulates the farmer inspires the friends	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The mother that stimulates the guy engages the girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The mother that stimulates the kid greets the uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that understands the athlete criticizes the victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that understands the lawyer greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that understands the singer greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that understands the singer stimulates the doctors	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that	The mother that understands the uncle discourages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The poet that admires the boy criticizes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The poet that admires the singer confuses the mothers	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that admires the uncle greets the kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The poet that admires the uncle stimulates the women	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The poet that approves the carpenter avoids the teachers	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The poet that approves the friend avoids the athletes	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The poet that approves the kid encourages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The poet that approves the lawyer admires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The poet that approves the teacher avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The poet that avoids the carpenter admires the kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The poet that avoids the woman remembers the teachers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The poet that confuses the athlete criticizes the men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The poet that confuses the friend engages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The poet that confuses the man stimulates the singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that	The poet that discourages the farmer greets the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The poet that discourages the father avoids the women	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The poet that discourages the lawyer stimulates the kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The poet that encourages the carpenter discourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that	The poet that encourages the friend stimulates the men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The poet that encourages the lawyer discourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that	The poet that encourages the lawyer stimulates the boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The poet that encourages the victim inspires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The poet that encourages the woman understands the athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The poet that engages the father admires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The poet that greets the carpenter engages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The poet that inspires the friend confuses the aunts	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that inspires the guy approves the men	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The poet that inspires the mother greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The poet that inspires the victim stimulates the kids	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The poet that knows the friend inspires the mothers	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The poet that knows the friend understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that	The poet that knows the girl confuses the singers	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that observes the boy inspires the friends	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
subjrel_that	The poet that observes the kid knows the farmers	singular	singular	plural	observe	know
subjrel_that	The poet that observes the man encourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The poet that remembers the athlete avoids the friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The poet that remembers the doctor observes the kids	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The poet that remembers the singer encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The poet that stimulates the aunt criticizes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that	The poet that stimulates the friend criticizes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that	The poet that stimulates the mother avoids the teachers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The poet that stimulates the victim discourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the teacher encourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the victim remembers the uncles	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The singer that admires the carpenter avoids the uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that admires the carpenter engages the guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that admires the friend discourages the men	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that admires the guy stimulates the aunts	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that admires the kid inspires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The singer that admires the teacher encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The singer that admires the woman criticizes the kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the boy stimulates the guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the uncle criticizes the boys	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The singer that avoids the boy stimulates the poets	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that avoids the carpenter observes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The singer that avoids the teacher confuses the women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The singer that confuses the athlete engages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that confuses the carpenter approves the victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that confuses the doctor criticizes the women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The singer that confuses the girl observes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The singer that confuses the mother discourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that confuses the uncle greets the women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The singer that confuses the uncle inspires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The singer that criticizes the farmer discourages the women	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that criticizes the father admires the boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The singer that discourages the girl greets the fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The singer that discourages the girl knows the guys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The singer that discourages the guy engages the kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that discourages the woman greets the fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The singer that discourages the woman knows the friends	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The singer that encourages the friend engages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that encourages the lawyer approves the mothers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that encourages the man engages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that encourages the mother discourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that encourages the mother inspires the boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The singer that engages the aunt approves the doctors	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that engages the carpenter discourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that engages the doctor avoids the friends	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that engages the doctor confuses the women	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The singer that engages the guy stimulates the doctors	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that greets the boy approves the teachers	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that greets the boy engages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that greets the girl confuses the boys	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
subjrel_that	The singer that greets the kid remembers the boys	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The singer that greets the poet avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that greets the poet criticizes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The singer that inspires the carpenter stimulates the athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that inspires the kid remembers the athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that	The singer that knows the carpenter inspires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The singer that knows the friend criticizes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The singer that knows the teacher discourages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that observes the father engages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that observes the guy avoids the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that observes the kid avoids the farmers	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that observes the lawyer avoids the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that observes the man greets the teachers	singular	singular	plural	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The singer that observes the uncle discourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that remembers the carpenter avoids the mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that remembers the doctor knows the guys	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
subjrel_that	The singer that remembers the mother stimulates the athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that remembers the poet confuses the kids	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The singer that remembers the poet observes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The singer that remembers the woman approves the guys	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that stimulates the athlete engages the girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that stimulates the athlete knows the women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
subjrel_that	The singer that understands the athlete discourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that understands the farmer observes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The teacher that admires the girl stimulates the doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The teacher that admires the poet approves the athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The teacher that admires the uncle encourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that admires the victim greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The teacher that approves the farmer observes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
subjrel_that	The teacher that approves the guy understands the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The teacher that approves the woman admires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The teacher that avoids the farmer understands the mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The teacher that avoids the guy stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The teacher that confuses the doctor admires the guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The teacher that confuses the farmer remembers the poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The teacher that confuses the mother observes the singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The teacher that criticizes the athlete approves the guys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The teacher that criticizes the aunt discourages the women	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that criticizes the carpenter greets the singers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The teacher that criticizes the farmer engages the boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The teacher that criticizes the farmer understands the fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that	The teacher that criticizes the guy understands the kids	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that	The teacher that criticizes the lawyer discourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that criticizes the uncle stimulates the guys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that	The teacher that discourages the poet remembers the mothers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the doctor stimulates the men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the guy criticizes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the lawyer discourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the lawyer engages the girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the man engages the girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the woman engages the poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The teacher that engages the lawyer stimulates the guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The teacher that greets the carpenter remembers the doctors	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The teacher that greets the uncle discourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that knows the man engages the guys	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that	The teacher that knows the poet approves the uncles	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
subjrel_that	The teacher that knows the uncle confuses the aunts	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The teacher that knows the woman observes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
subjrel_that	The teacher that observes the farmer avoids the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The teacher that observes the mother inspires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
subjrel_that	The teacher that remembers the mother approves the guys	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that	The teacher that stimulates the kid engages the victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The teacher that stimulates the kid knows the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the guy admires the singers	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the guy knows the uncles	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the guy observes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the kid approves the friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the mother admires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the woman encourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that admires the guy stimulates the mothers	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The uncle that admires the woman knows the victims	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
subjrel_that	The uncle that approves the athlete observes the men	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that approves the girl criticizes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The uncle that approves the poet greets the mothers	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The uncle that avoids the carpenter greets the friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The uncle that avoids the farmer observes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that avoids the guy stimulates the farmers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The uncle that avoids the poet criticizes the singers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The uncle that confuses the doctor knows the mothers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The uncle that confuses the farmer observes the men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that confuses the father engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that confuses the poet admires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The uncle that confuses the poet observes the girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the athlete discourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the athlete greets the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the aunt knows the friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the aunt knows the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the girl understands the poets	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the guy remembers the victims	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the lawyer encourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that encourages the friend remembers the girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The uncle that encourages the mother inspires the guys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The uncle that encourages the teacher knows the girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that	The uncle that encourages the victim engages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that engages the friend greets the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The uncle that engages the victim greets the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the aunt understands the girls	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the carpenter stimulates the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the farmer knows the mothers	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the friend avoids the boys	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the teacher confuses the boys	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the boy criticizes the singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the kid avoids the boys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the mother engages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the singer avoids the girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the singer confuses the farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The uncle that knows the aunt understands the girls	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that	The uncle that knows the boy engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that knows the father discourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that knows the kid admires the fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that	The uncle that knows the singer engages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that observes the carpenter avoids the friends	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that observes the lawyer stimulates the boys	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The uncle that observes the victim encourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that remembers the aunt admires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The uncle that remembers the woman greets the poets	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The uncle that stimulates the doctor greets the friends	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The uncle that stimulates the father criticizes the kids	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that	The uncle that stimulates the guy approves the girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The uncle that stimulates the man understands the doctors	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that	The uncle that understands the athlete engages the kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that understands the athlete observes the poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that understands the guy remembers the mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The victim that admires the aunt stimulates the guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The victim that admires the carpenter engages the singers	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that	The victim that admires the girl remembers the athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The victim that admires the lawyer encourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the singer admires the men	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the doctor stimulates the athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the kid observes the men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the lawyer inspires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the mother understands the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The victim that criticizes the farmer discourages the men	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The victim that criticizes the father inspires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that criticizes the father observes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The victim that criticizes the uncle knows the kids	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The victim that discourages the father stimulates the aunts	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The victim that discourages the singer greets the girls	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The victim that discourages the teacher stimulates the singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The victim that discourages the uncle admires the kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The victim that discourages the uncle understands the doctors	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that	The victim that encourages the boy inspires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that encourages the boy stimulates the mothers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The victim that encourages the father greets the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The victim that encourages the lawyer inspires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that encourages the woman engages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The victim that engages the doctor understands the kids	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that	The victim that engages the mother approves the women	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
subjrel_that	The victim that greets the athlete approves the doctors	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The victim that greets the farmer observes the doctors	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The victim that greets the singer criticizes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The victim that greets the teacher avoids the men	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The victim that greets the uncle observes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The victim that inspires the carpenter observes the boys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The victim that inspires the father greets the mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The victim that inspires the girl avoids the mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The victim that inspires the man understands the poets	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The victim that inspires the uncle avoids the poets	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The victim that knows the farmer avoids the teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The victim that knows the friend criticizes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The victim that knows the kid confuses the farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The victim that knows the lawyer criticizes the boys	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The victim that knows the lawyer encourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The victim that observes the kid inspires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that observes the mother admires the guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The victim that remembers the guy stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The victim that remembers the lawyer approves the doctors	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that	The victim that stimulates the mother approves the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The victim that stimulates the poet greets the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The victim that understands the teacher admires the women	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The victim that understands the uncle confuses the friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The victim that understands the woman approves the guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The woman that admires the friend confuses the farmers	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The woman that admires the poet encourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that admires the poet engages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that	The woman that admires the poet understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that	The woman that admires the victim remembers the doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the guy inspires the victims	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the man criticizes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The woman that avoids the aunt approves the men	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The woman that avoids the farmer engages the victims	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that	The woman that avoids the father admires the poets	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The woman that confuses the doctor understands the friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The woman that criticizes the boy avoids the farmers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The woman that criticizes the mother avoids the teachers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The woman that criticizes the singer observes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The woman that discourages the aunt encourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that discourages the guy greets the singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The woman that discourages the lawyer approves the men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The woman that encourages the aunt greets the victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The woman that encourages the boy understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The woman that encourages the doctor stimulates the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that encourages the poet knows the teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that	The woman that encourages the singer avoids the athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the kid encourages the men	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the lawyer encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the lawyer inspires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the teacher knows the victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the boy encourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the girl stimulates the doctors	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the uncle remembers the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the victim avoids the boys	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The woman that inspires the boy confuses the uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The woman that inspires the man admires the victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The woman that inspires the mother discourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The woman that knows the mother confuses the kids	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the aunt admires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the girl understands the teachers	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the mother stimulates the fathers	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the singer remembers the mothers	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the uncle understands the mothers	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The woman that remembers the aunt greets the kids	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The woman that remembers the father approves the doctors	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that	The woman that remembers the mother knows the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
subjrel_that	The woman that stimulates the aunt discourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The woman that understands the singer criticizes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The athlete that admires the kids greets the woman	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The athlete that admires the lawyers remembers the uncle	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The athlete that approves the doctors greets the victim	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The athlete that approves the men understands the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The athlete that approves the uncles knows the singer	singular	plural	singular	approve	know
subjrel_that	The athlete that avoids the kids admires the singer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The athlete that avoids the kids understands the girl	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The athlete that avoids the men admires the guy	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The athlete that avoids the mothers discourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that confuses the boys admires the father	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The athlete that confuses the doctors criticizes the father	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The athlete that confuses the farmers engages the friend	singular	plural	singular	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The athlete that criticizes the uncles discourages the boy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that criticizes the victims approves the man	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The athlete that discourages the farmers confuses the kid	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The athlete that discourages the girls admires the man	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The athlete that encourages the carpenters understands the guy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The athlete that encourages the farmers remembers the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The athlete that encourages the girls criticizes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The athlete that encourages the teachers stimulates the friend	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The athlete that encourages the victims engages the boy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The athlete that engages the guys criticizes the woman	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
subjrel_that	The athlete that engages the women discourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the farmers inspires the girl	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the kids remembers the uncle	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the uncles remembers the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the women understands the victim	singular	plural	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that	The athlete that inspires the mothers observes the singer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The athlete that knows the poets understands the teacher	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that	The athlete that knows the singers remembers the mother	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that	The athlete that observes the doctors stimulates the aunt	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The athlete that observes the lawyers criticizes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The athlete that observes the singers criticizes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The athlete that remembers the girls greets the man	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The athlete that remembers the girls understands the farmer	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that	The athlete that remembers the singers admires the kid	singular	plural	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The athlete that remembers the singers engages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	remember	engage
subjrel_that	The athlete that remembers the teachers criticizes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
subjrel_that	The athlete that remembers the uncles understands the kid	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that	The athlete that remembers the victims confuses the teacher	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The athlete that stimulates the girls inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The athlete that stimulates the men greets the victim	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The athlete that stimulates the mothers encourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that understands the girls encourages the poet	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that understands the poets criticizes the woman	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The athlete that understands the singers remembers the uncle	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The aunt that admires the girls criticizes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The aunt that admires the lawyers stimulates the father	singular	plural	singular	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The aunt that admires the victims observes the kid	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that admires the women inspires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that approves the girls observes the kid	singular	plural	singular	approve	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that approves the poets remembers the singer	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that	The aunt that approves the singers confuses the poet	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The aunt that approves the women confuses the mother	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The aunt that approves the women greets the singer	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The aunt that avoids the athletes encourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that avoids the boys encourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that avoids the carpenters knows the kid	singular	plural	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The aunt that avoids the teachers remembers the victim	singular	plural	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The aunt that confuses the boys understands the father	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The aunt that confuses the fathers knows the victim	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The aunt that confuses the girls discourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that confuses the men understands the victim	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The aunt that confuses the mothers admires the friend	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that criticizes the doctors discourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that criticizes the farmers remembers the athlete	singular	plural	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The aunt that criticizes the fathers remembers the uncle	singular	plural	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The aunt that criticizes the friends encourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that criticizes the men observes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that criticizes the teachers observes the guy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that criticizes the uncles discourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that discourages the athletes engages the boy	singular	plural	singular	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The aunt that discourages the boys greets the father	singular	plural	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The aunt that encourages the fathers admires the kid	singular	plural	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that encourages the lawyers inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that encourages the victims observes the friend	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that engages the boys approves the mother	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that	The aunt that engages the girls criticizes the boy	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
subjrel_that	The aunt that engages the poets greets the doctor	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The aunt that greets the fathers approves the guy	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The aunt that greets the fathers inspires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that greets the fathers remembers the teacher	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The aunt that greets the guys inspires the girl	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that greets the men admires the singer	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that greets the poets avoids the man	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The aunt that greets the singers remembers the doctor	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The aunt that greets the women avoids the guy	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The aunt that inspires the athletes knows the kid	singular	plural	singular	inspire	know
subjrel_that	The aunt that inspires the carpenters observes the father	singular	plural	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that inspires the friends remembers the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that	The aunt that inspires the teachers confuses the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The aunt that knows the boys engages the father	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that	The aunt that knows the fathers discourages the man	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that knows the fathers observes the singer	singular	plural	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that knows the friends greets the girl	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that	The aunt that observes the farmers understands the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The aunt that observes the guys stimulates the friend	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The aunt that remembers the boys confuses the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The aunt that remembers the guys approves the man	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that	The aunt that remembers the singers greets the man	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The aunt that stimulates the men greets the singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The aunt that stimulates the poets knows the father	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that	The aunt that understands the farmers observes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that understands the fathers criticizes the girl	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The aunt that understands the men confuses the girl	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The aunt that understands the men observes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The boy that admires the doctors criticizes the victim	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The boy that admires the farmers criticizes the athlete	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The boy that admires the friends engages the woman	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that admires the girls approves the man	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The boy that approves the girls understands the athlete	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The boy that approves the guys engages the singer	singular	plural	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that approves the kids inspires the poet	singular	plural	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that	The boy that avoids the fathers admires the kid	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The boy that avoids the lawyers greets the woman	singular	plural	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The boy that avoids the lawyers observes the victim	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The boy that avoids the singers knows the victim	singular	plural	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The boy that avoids the teachers knows the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The boy that avoids the uncles inspires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The boy that confuses the athletes stimulates the farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that	The boy that confuses the farmers stimulates the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that	The boy that confuses the kids engages the father	singular	plural	singular	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that confuses the men inspires the victim	singular	plural	singular	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The boy that confuses the poets remembers the friend	singular	plural	singular	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The boy that confuses the victims remembers the girl	singular	plural	singular	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The boy that criticizes the aunts inspires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that	The boy that criticizes the women remembers the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The boy that discourages the kids greets the farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The boy that discourages the singers admires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The boy that encourages the doctors criticizes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The boy that encourages the uncles greets the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The boy that engages the friends inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The boy that engages the poets discourages the man	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The boy that greets the farmers approves the teacher	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The boy that greets the mothers engages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that greets the singers approves the mother	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the athletes confuses the singer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the farmers stimulates the man	singular	plural	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the friends observes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the lawyers confuses the teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the poets discourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the teachers discourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The boy that knows the aunts stimulates the friend	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that	The boy that knows the carpenters encourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The boy that knows the girls inspires the singer	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The boy that knows the lawyers observes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that	The boy that observes the doctors understands the father	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The boy that remembers the aunts confuses the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The boy that remembers the doctors knows the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remember	know
subjrel_that	The boy that remembers the fathers knows the athlete	singular	plural	singular	remember	know
subjrel_that	The boy that remembers the kids confuses the aunt	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The boy that remembers the men understands the friend	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that	The boy that remembers the poets confuses the guy	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The boy that remembers the victims inspires the girl	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that	The boy that stimulates the aunts engages the woman	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that stimulates the doctors greets the mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The boy that stimulates the men encourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that	The boy that stimulates the uncles inspires the poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The boy that understands the farmers discourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the doctors observes the singer	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the fathers criticizes the mother	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the fathers greets the teacher	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the fathers observes the singer	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the lawyers knows the athlete	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that	The carpenter that approves the athletes engages the friend	singular	plural	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that approves the poets knows the farmer	singular	plural	singular	approve	know
subjrel_that	The carpenter that approves the teachers confuses the aunt	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that approves the victims stimulates the friend	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The carpenter that avoids the friends approves the woman	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The carpenter that avoids the friends observes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The carpenter that avoids the girls discourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that avoids the kids understands the singer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The carpenter that avoids the women admires the father	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that confuses the friends approves the singer	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that	The carpenter that confuses the girls inspires the boy	singular	plural	singular	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that confuses the women avoids the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The carpenter that criticizes the boys understands the poet	singular	plural	singular	criticize	understand
subjrel_that	The carpenter that criticizes the lawyers observes the poet	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The carpenter that criticizes the uncles greets the farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The carpenter that criticizes the women encourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that discourages the poets greets the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The carpenter that encourages the farmers observes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The carpenter that encourages the singers confuses the man	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that encourages the women remembers the man	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The carpenter that engages the doctors greets the girl	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The carpenter that engages the fathers discourages the poet	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that engages the friends understands the victim	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that	The carpenter that engages the guys stimulates the teacher	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The carpenter that engages the men avoids the boy	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The carpenter that engages the poets greets the guy	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The carpenter that engages the uncles discourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that greets the boys stimulates the aunt	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The carpenter that greets the girls observes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The carpenter that inspires the fathers understands the friend	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The carpenter that inspires the uncles encourages the poet	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that knows the aunts confuses the boy	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that knows the aunts greets the guy	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that	The carpenter that knows the farmers remembers the poet	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that	The carpenter that knows the lawyers inspires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that observes the aunts admires the kid	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that observes the fathers stimulates the poet	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The carpenter that observes the women confuses the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that remembers the boys understands the aunt	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that	The carpenter that remembers the men stimulates the kid	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The carpenter that stimulates the athletes criticizes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that	The carpenter that stimulates the boys admires the singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that stimulates the guys greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The carpenter that understands the athletes encourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that understands the teachers greets the athlete	singular	plural	singular	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The doctor that admires the teachers discourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	admire	discourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that admires the women stimulates the aunt	singular	plural	singular	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The doctor that approves the guys greets the father	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The doctor that avoids the carpenters admires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The doctor that avoids the fathers approves the aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that avoids the friends admires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The doctor that avoids the teachers approves the woman	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that confuses the carpenters admires the man	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The doctor that confuses the fathers approves the aunt	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that confuses the kids engages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The doctor that confuses the men avoids the teacher	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that confuses the mothers greets the poet	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The doctor that confuses the uncles stimulates the teacher	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that	The doctor that criticizes the fathers avoids the teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that criticizes the girls understands the father	singular	plural	singular	criticize	understand
subjrel_that	The doctor that criticizes the lawyers discourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that criticizes the women greets the uncle	singular	plural	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The doctor that discourages the fathers avoids the girl	singular	plural	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that discourages the men avoids the boy	singular	plural	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that discourages the singers admires the poet	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The doctor that encourages the athletes criticizes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The doctor that encourages the fathers admires the poet	singular	plural	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The doctor that encourages the victims inspires the farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The doctor that encourages the victims understands the woman	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The doctor that engages the friends inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The doctor that engages the friends remembers the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The doctor that engages the singers observes the man	singular	plural	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The doctor that engages the women understands the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that	The doctor that greets the athletes avoids the teacher	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that greets the aunts stimulates the farmer	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The doctor that greets the guys discourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that greets the lawyers engages the guy	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the aunts avoids the kid	singular	plural	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the girls understands the father	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The doctor that knows the kids remembers the guy	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that	The doctor that observes the carpenters knows the victim	singular	plural	singular	observe	know
subjrel_that	The doctor that observes the friends greets the singer	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The doctor that observes the teachers approves the victim	singular	plural	singular	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that remembers the fathers criticizes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
subjrel_that	The doctor that remembers the friends approves the father	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that remembers the poets encourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that stimulates the aunts admires the friend	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that	The doctor that stimulates the carpenters discourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that stimulates the lawyers admires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that	The doctor that stimulates the men greets the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The doctor that stimulates the women avoids the guy	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that understands the farmers encourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that understands the friends observes the girl	singular	plural	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The farmer that admires the girls stimulates the athlete	singular	plural	singular	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The farmer that admires the victims greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that admires the victims observes the girl	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The farmer that admires the victims remembers the kid	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The farmer that admires the women confuses the girl	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The farmer that avoids the athletes engages the victim	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
subjrel_that	The farmer that avoids the kids encourages the girl	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that confuses the lawyers greets the girl	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that criticizes the boys approves the aunt	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The farmer that criticizes the friends approves the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The farmer that criticizes the men avoids the guy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The farmer that discourages the aunts knows the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The farmer that discourages the aunts knows the mother	singular	plural	singular	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The farmer that discourages the kids observes the victim	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The farmer that discourages the men remembers the guy	singular	plural	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The farmer that greets the boys knows the woman	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that	The farmer that inspires the teachers knows the girl	singular	plural	singular	inspire	know
subjrel_that	The farmer that inspires the victims admires the friend	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The farmer that inspires the women approves the kid	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The farmer that knows the friends confuses the poet	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The farmer that knows the women inspires the victim	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The farmer that observes the fathers approves the athlete	singular	plural	singular	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The farmer that stimulates the kids greets the girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that stimulates the lawyers encourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that stimulates the mothers encourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that stimulates the poets avoids the doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The farmer that stimulates the teachers approves the man	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The farmer that understands the friends avoids the kid	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The farmer that understands the guys greets the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that understands the uncles remembers the victim	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The farmer that understands the women inspires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that admires the girls inspires the woman	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that admires the girls knows the man	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that	The father that admires the mothers greets the singer	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The father that admires the singers remembers the friend	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The father that approves the poets remembers the woman	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that	The father that approves the singers discourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The father that approves the women engages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The father that avoids the athletes criticizes the woman	singular	plural	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The father that avoids the boys admires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The father that avoids the uncles stimulates the doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The father that avoids the victims approves the friend	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The father that confuses the singers criticizes the athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The father that confuses the uncles admires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The father that confuses the uncles greets the kid	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The father that criticizes the doctors greets the athlete	singular	plural	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The father that criticizes the men observes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The father that criticizes the mothers remembers the farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The father that criticizes the women inspires the boy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that discourages the friends criticizes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The father that discourages the girls encourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that	The father that discourages the victims engages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The father that encourages the girls remembers the man	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The father that encourages the men approves the friend	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The father that encourages the victims approves the singer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The father that encourages the victims greets the guy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The father that engages the farmers encourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that	The father that engages the singers understands the woman	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that	The father that engages the women confuses the victim	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that engages the women stimulates the teacher	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The father that greets the farmers discourages the poet	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that	The father that greets the kids avoids the poet	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The father that greets the kids stimulates the guy	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The father that greets the lawyers confuses the mother	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that greets the teachers admires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
subjrel_that	The father that inspires the friends avoids the uncle	singular	plural	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The father that inspires the guys avoids the kid	singular	plural	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The father that inspires the lawyers approves the woman	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The father that inspires the poets understands the mother	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The father that inspires the teachers avoids the farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The father that inspires the victims approves the girl	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The father that knows the athletes discourages the man	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The father that knows the women greets the mother	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that	The father that observes the boys inspires the friend	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that observes the girls knows the friend	singular	plural	singular	observe	know
subjrel_that	The father that observes the mothers inspires the woman	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that observes the poets encourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The father that observes the victims stimulates the athlete	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The father that remembers the athletes inspires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that remembers the mothers engages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	remember	engage
subjrel_that	The father that stimulates the girls discourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The father that stimulates the mothers greets the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The father that understands the doctors engages the singer	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The father that understands the kids discourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The father that understands the men inspires the friend	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that	The friend that admires the guys criticizes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The friend that admires the singers observes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that approves the carpenters understands the athlete	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The friend that approves the girls observes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	approve	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that approves the men admires the victim	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The friend that approves the teachers discourages the man	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that avoids the aunts discourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that avoids the boys stimulates the athlete	singular	plural	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The friend that avoids the farmers encourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The friend that avoids the kids understands the teacher	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The friend that avoids the women remembers the teacher	singular	plural	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The friend that confuses the fathers knows the poet	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The friend that confuses the girls discourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that confuses the mothers criticizes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The friend that criticizes the aunts knows the teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The friend that criticizes the men confuses the boy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that	The friend that criticizes the singers observes the guy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that criticizes the teachers understands the uncle	singular	plural	singular	criticize	understand
subjrel_that	The friend that criticizes the women remembers the poet	singular	plural	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The friend that discourages the carpenters criticizes the man	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The friend that discourages the men admires the girl	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The friend that discourages the teachers encourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that	The friend that discourages the uncles engages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The friend that discourages the uncles inspires the singer	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The friend that encourages the kids remembers the victim	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The friend that encourages the poets confuses the woman	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The friend that encourages the victims approves the father	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The friend that engages the boys understands the mother	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that	The friend that engages the guys remembers the athlete	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The friend that engages the women confuses the farmer	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The friend that greets the athletes criticizes the woman	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The friend that greets the boys criticizes the victim	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The friend that greets the mothers confuses the man	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
subjrel_that	The friend that greets the singers encourages the man	singular	plural	singular	greet	encourage
subjrel_that	The friend that inspires the fathers observes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that inspires the mothers greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The friend that inspires the singers confuses the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The friend that inspires the victims engages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspire	engage
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the boys discourages the poet	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the girls remembers the poet	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the lawyers understands the woman	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that	The friend that observes the girls approves the aunt	singular	plural	singular	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The friend that observes the uncles encourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The friend that remembers the carpenters criticizes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
subjrel_that	The friend that remembers the doctors discourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that remembers the women discourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that remembers the women observes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that stimulates the carpenters engages the girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The friend that stimulates the farmers inspires the victim	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The friend that stimulates the kids encourages the father	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that	The friend that stimulates the men greets the kid	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The friend that stimulates the women confuses the victim	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The friend that understands the athletes discourages the man	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that understands the boys knows the poet	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that	The friend that understands the carpenters engages the mother	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The friend that understands the men avoids the father	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that admires the aunts avoids the poet	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that admires the boys stimulates the teacher	singular	plural	singular	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The girl that admires the fathers stimulates the aunt	singular	plural	singular	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The girl that approves the teachers criticizes the athlete	singular	plural	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that approves the victims criticizes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that avoids the farmers discourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that	The girl that avoids the friends engages the victim	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
subjrel_that	The girl that avoids the poets criticizes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that avoids the women confuses the man	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that confuses the fathers remembers the uncle	singular	plural	singular	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The girl that confuses the friends discourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that	The girl that confuses the lawyers knows the doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The girl that confuses the singers criticizes the boy	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that confuses the teachers knows the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The girl that criticizes the friends understands the farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticize	understand
subjrel_that	The girl that criticizes the men encourages the boy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that	The girl that criticizes the mothers encourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that	The girl that criticizes the mothers observes the victim	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The girl that criticizes the singers confuses the woman	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the athletes inspires the poet	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the lawyers confuses the uncle	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the mothers observes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the athletes avoids the man	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the aunts confuses the woman	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the aunts remembers the athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the mothers avoids the poet	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the mothers criticizes the man	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the poets observes the victim	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the women inspires the kid	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The girl that engages the athletes remembers the friend	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The girl that engages the fathers confuses the boy	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that engages the kids greets the victim	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The girl that engages the singers avoids the poet	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that engages the women avoids the mother	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that greets the aunts criticizes the poet	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that greets the carpenters approves the teacher	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The girl that greets the fathers admires the woman	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
subjrel_that	The girl that greets the guys engages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The girl that greets the guys stimulates the aunt	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The girl that greets the kids stimulates the boy	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The girl that greets the lawyers encourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	greet	encourage
subjrel_that	The girl that greets the poets knows the man	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that	The girl that inspires the farmers encourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The girl that inspires the fathers observes the boy	singular	plural	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The girl that inspires the friends confuses the kid	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that knows the aunts approves the father	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
subjrel_that	The girl that knows the guys admires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
subjrel_that	The girl that knows the lawyers discourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The girl that knows the men engages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that	The girl that knows the uncles criticizes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the kids encourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the teachers knows the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	observe	know
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the victims confuses the poet	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the men encourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The girl that stimulates the carpenters criticizes the kid	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that stimulates the carpenters observes the mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that	The girl that stimulates the fathers discourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The girl that stimulates the women greets the poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The girl that understands the doctors confuses the victim	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that understands the uncles avoids the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The guy that admires the singers approves the kid	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The guy that admires the victims approves the kid	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The guy that admires the victims approves the poet	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the farmers greets the victim	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the mothers admires the poet	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the uncles observes the woman	singular	plural	singular	approve	observe
subjrel_that	The guy that avoids the farmers greets the kid	singular	plural	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The guy that avoids the friends encourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The guy that avoids the girls admires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that avoids the lawyers encourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The guy that avoids the lawyers observes the boy	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The guy that confuses the aunts knows the athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The guy that confuses the teachers encourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that	The guy that confuses the uncles knows the athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The guy that confuses the victims avoids the athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The guy that criticizes the fathers engages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The guy that criticizes the girls remembers the poet	singular	plural	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The guy that criticizes the singers discourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The guy that criticizes the teachers approves the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The guy that discourages the kids stimulates the poet	singular	plural	singular	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The guy that discourages the teachers knows the mother	singular	plural	singular	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The guy that encourages the mothers remembers the girl	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The guy that encourages the singers inspires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The guy that encourages the uncles observes the woman	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The guy that engages the kids admires the singer	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that engages the kids understands the poet	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that	The guy that engages the lawyers observes the singer	singular	plural	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The guy that greets the athletes admires the man	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that greets the friends inspires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The guy that greets the men avoids the mother	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The guy that greets the singers avoids the man	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The guy that greets the singers inspires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the aunts understands the doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the teachers admires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the uncles encourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The guy that knows the aunts avoids the teacher	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The guy that knows the boys stimulates the uncle	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that	The guy that knows the fathers admires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that knows the fathers confuses the farmer	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The guy that knows the teachers avoids the uncle	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The guy that knows the women greets the aunt	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that	The guy that observes the aunts discourages the man	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The guy that observes the boys criticizes the poet	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that observes the girls approves the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The guy that observes the victims stimulates the boy	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The guy that remembers the boys confuses the father	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The guy that remembers the carpenters observes the woman	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The guy that remembers the teachers avoids the man	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The guy that stimulates the boys approves the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The guy that stimulates the farmers avoids the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The guy that stimulates the friends observes the mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that	The guy that stimulates the mothers encourages the man	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that	The guy that stimulates the teachers criticizes the poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that stimulates the victims observes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that	The guy that understands the boys discourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The guy that understands the doctors remembers the father	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The guy that understands the mothers encourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the boys criticizes the father	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the doctors confuses the poet	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the girls knows the man	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the lawyers criticizes the woman	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The kid that approves the carpenters confuses the mother	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that approves the guys observes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	approve	observe
subjrel_that	The kid that approves the poets greets the aunt	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The kid that approves the teachers encourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The kid that approves the women admires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The kid that avoids the friends inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that avoids the girls discourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that	The kid that confuses the aunts criticizes the father	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The kid that confuses the doctors knows the farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The kid that confuses the mothers inspires the poet	singular	plural	singular	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that confuses the poets knows the victim	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The kid that confuses the singers understands the poet	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The kid that confuses the victims understands the friend	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the boys remembers the guy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the farmers admires the friend	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the fathers inspires the boy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the mothers discourages the man	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the poets inspires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that discourages the boys confuses the teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that discourages the mothers approves the friend	singular	plural	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The kid that discourages the women confuses the girl	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that encourages the boys avoids the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that encourages the carpenters engages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The kid that encourages the mothers admires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The kid that encourages the poets greets the man	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The kid that engages the farmers avoids the girl	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that engages the farmers avoids the woman	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that engages the farmers stimulates the uncle	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The kid that engages the men inspires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that engages the victims inspires the singer	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the fathers engages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the girls avoids the guy	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the guys remembers the friend	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the poets confuses the man	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the poets knows the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the uncles observes the mother	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the victims admires the friend	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
subjrel_that	The kid that inspires the men discourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The kid that inspires the women engages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	engage
subjrel_that	The kid that knows the carpenters inspires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that knows the farmers confuses the singer	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that knows the lawyers inspires the farmer	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that knows the singers remembers the poet	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that	The kid that knows the women inspires the poet	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that observes the carpenters engages the boy	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The kid that observes the poets avoids the father	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that observes the uncles discourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The kid that remembers the fathers observes the mother	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The kid that remembers the girls encourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The kid that remembers the lawyers understands the guy	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that	The kid that stimulates the aunts understands the uncle	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that	The kid that stimulates the farmers engages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The kid that stimulates the fathers remembers the boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The kid that understands the fathers discourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The kid that understands the men confuses the victim	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that understands the uncles remembers the friend	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the athletes knows the kid	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the boys encourages the friend	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that approves the doctors knows the kid	singular	plural	singular	approve	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that approves the fathers remembers the farmer	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that	The lawyer that approves the guys admires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that avoids the guys encourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that avoids the poets remembers the doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The lawyer that avoids the singers approves the doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The lawyer that confuses the kids greets the father	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The lawyer that criticizes the boys engages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that criticizes the teachers knows the doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that criticizes the uncles stimulates the girl	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that	The lawyer that discourages the friends avoids the doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The lawyer that encourages the poets stimulates the girl	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The lawyer that engages the victims discourages the friend	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that greets the carpenters remembers the doctor	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The lawyer that greets the doctors knows the farmer	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that greets the farmers avoids the singer	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The lawyer that greets the farmers knows the guy	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that greets the poets remembers the aunt	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The lawyer that greets the teachers engages the singer	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that inspires the poets understands the athlete	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The lawyer that inspires the uncles greets the guy	singular	plural	singular	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The lawyer that knows the kids inspires the singer	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that knows the uncles stimulates the friend	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that	The lawyer that knows the women remembers the girl	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the doctors criticizes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the fathers confuses the athlete	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the poets admires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the victims confuses the teacher	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The lawyer that remembers the boys confuses the victim	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The lawyer that remembers the boys understands the singer	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that	The lawyer that stimulates the aunts avoids the singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The lawyer that stimulates the farmers criticizes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that	The lawyer that stimulates the kids avoids the man	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The lawyer that understands the boys criticizes the kid	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The lawyer that understands the doctors inspires the singer	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that understands the kids knows the girl	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that understands the women engages the singer	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The man that approves the friends inspires the poet	singular	plural	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that	The man that approves the uncles confuses the boy	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that approves the uncles confuses the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that approves the women observes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	approve	observe
subjrel_that	The man that avoids the aunts knows the teacher	singular	plural	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The man that avoids the mothers remembers the farmer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The man that avoids the mothers stimulates the woman	singular	plural	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The man that confuses the girls admires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The man that confuses the guys avoids the farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The man that confuses the singers greets the victim	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The man that criticizes the aunts knows the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The man that criticizes the farmers greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The man that criticizes the fathers encourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that	The man that criticizes the friends greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The man that criticizes the teachers admires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the boys remembers the teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the fathers understands the aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the lawyers confuses the victim	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the teachers stimulates the singer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the uncles inspires the woman	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the women admires the farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The man that engages the doctors understands the poet	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that	The man that greets the aunts observes the boy	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The man that greets the doctors understands the woman	singular	plural	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that	The man that greets the kids stimulates the guy	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The man that greets the uncles inspires the mother	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The man that greets the women discourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that	The man that inspires the farmers discourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The man that inspires the farmers discourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The man that inspires the victims confuses the guy	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that knows the doctors encourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The man that knows the farmers confuses the athlete	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that knows the fathers criticizes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The man that knows the fathers inspires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The man that knows the girls approves the doctor	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
subjrel_that	The man that knows the girls remembers the friend	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that	The man that knows the kids understands the girl	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that	The man that knows the singers encourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The man that knows the teachers engages the woman	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that	The man that observes the aunts admires the victim	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The man that observes the aunts knows the friend	singular	plural	singular	observe	know
subjrel_that	The man that observes the aunts remembers the boy	singular	plural	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that	The man that observes the kids admires the guy	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The man that observes the poets avoids the athlete	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The man that observes the singers approves the aunt	singular	plural	singular	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The man that remembers the friends observes the guy	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The man that remembers the girls confuses the mother	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that remembers the poets approves the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that	The man that stimulates the athletes understands the aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that	The man that stimulates the farmers confuses the mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that understands the doctors greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The man that understands the guys criticizes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that admires the athletes confuses the friend	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The mother that admires the kids encourages the boy	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The mother that admires the lawyers confuses the uncle	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The mother that approves the aunts confuses the singer	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The mother that approves the farmers greets the father	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that approves the lawyers understands the farmer	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The mother that avoids the girls observes the victim	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The mother that avoids the guys observes the singer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The mother that avoids the singers inspires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The mother that avoids the teachers admires the kid	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that confuses the athletes remembers the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The mother that confuses the doctors understands the victim	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The mother that criticizes the boys knows the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The mother that criticizes the lawyers inspires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that	The mother that criticizes the singers knows the victim	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The mother that discourages the friends avoids the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The mother that discourages the friends knows the victim	singular	plural	singular	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The mother that discourages the kids avoids the farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the athletes avoids the guy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the doctors remembers the man	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the fathers inspires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the lawyers observes the athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the men understands the uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The mother that engages the boys observes the singer	singular	plural	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The mother that engages the lawyers observes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The mother that engages the teachers discourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The mother that greets the athletes understands the singer	singular	plural	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that	The mother that greets the girls inspires the woman	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The mother that greets the kids avoids the girl	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The mother that greets the lawyers encourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	greet	encourage
subjrel_that	The mother that greets the victims stimulates the doctor	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the guys greets the father	singular	plural	singular	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the lawyers remembers the farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the men greets the victim	singular	plural	singular	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that knows the men inspires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the aunts inspires the kid	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the farmers admires the singer	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the kids admires the girl	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the men discourages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the women criticizes the kid	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that remembers the doctors understands the kid	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that	The mother that remembers the farmers knows the father	singular	plural	singular	remember	know
subjrel_that	The mother that remembers the girls admires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that remembers the lawyers observes the kid	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The mother that remembers the men criticizes the guy	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that remembers the poets greets the doctor	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that remembers the uncles observes the victim	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The mother that stimulates the lawyers encourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that	The mother that stimulates the uncles avoids the doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The mother that understands the fathers avoids the teacher	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The mother that understands the girls confuses the teacher	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The mother that understands the lawyers knows the woman	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that	The poet that admires the athletes knows the teacher	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that	The poet that admires the farmers avoids the athlete	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The poet that approves the carpenters encourages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The poet that approves the girls admires the friend	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The poet that approves the lawyers confuses the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that confuses the carpenters approves the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that	The poet that confuses the farmers greets the kid	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The poet that confuses the farmers stimulates the kid	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that	The poet that confuses the friends avoids the girl	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The poet that discourages the farmers admires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The poet that discourages the women confuses the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that encourages the friends understands the uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The poet that encourages the mothers observes the boy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The poet that encourages the singers inspires the boy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The poet that encourages the victims criticizes the father	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The poet that encourages the victims inspires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The poet that encourages the women stimulates the guy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The poet that engages the athletes inspires the singer	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The poet that engages the men greets the guy	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The poet that engages the teachers greets the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The poet that greets the aunts confuses the man	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that greets the kids criticizes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The poet that greets the kids understands the man	singular	plural	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that	The poet that greets the uncles criticizes the woman	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The poet that inspires the men stimulates the father	singular	plural	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The poet that knows the friends discourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The poet that knows the guys inspires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The poet that knows the women observes the singer	singular	plural	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that	The poet that observes the farmers discourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The poet that observes the lawyers encourages the father	singular	plural	singular	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The poet that observes the singers greets the victim	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The poet that remembers the athletes stimulates the singer	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The poet that remembers the doctors criticizes the guy	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
subjrel_that	The poet that remembers the friends observes the man	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The poet that remembers the girls stimulates the doctor	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The poet that remembers the teachers inspires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that	The poet that remembers the women observes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The poet that stimulates the boys engages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The poet that stimulates the friends encourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that	The poet that stimulates the lawyers greets the farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The poet that stimulates the teachers engages the friend	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The poet that stimulates the victims remembers the woman	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the aunts approves the man	singular	plural	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the girls approves the teacher	singular	plural	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the guys confuses the woman	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the kids inspires the mother	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the uncles stimulates the doctor	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the women avoids the victim	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the women encourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
subjrel_that	The singer that admires the lawyers approves the uncle	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that admires the lawyers engages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the carpenters admires the farmer	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the girls avoids the aunt	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the guys avoids the father	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the lawyers encourages the man	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the lawyers inspires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the poets criticizes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the uncles discourages the boy	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that avoids the doctors understands the man	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The singer that avoids the friends greets the aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The singer that avoids the guys confuses the aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The singer that criticizes the lawyers admires the teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The singer that criticizes the lawyers discourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that criticizes the women stimulates the boy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that discourages the athletes criticizes the boy	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The singer that discourages the aunts encourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that	The singer that discourages the boys admires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The singer that discourages the lawyers confuses the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The singer that discourages the mothers encourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that	The singer that encourages the boys criticizes the man	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The singer that encourages the farmers remembers the boy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The singer that encourages the fathers stimulates the boy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that encourages the guys understands the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The singer that encourages the men remembers the guy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The singer that engages the boys knows the girl	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that	The singer that engages the doctors encourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that	The singer that engages the fathers greets the girl	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The singer that greets the fathers avoids the friend	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that greets the girls admires the farmer	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
subjrel_that	The singer that greets the guys remembers the kid	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The singer that greets the lawyers observes the victim	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The singer that greets the victims admires the girl	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
subjrel_that	The singer that inspires the athletes avoids the doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that inspires the farmers observes the friend	singular	plural	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The singer that inspires the lawyers confuses the mother	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The singer that inspires the mothers greets the teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The singer that inspires the mothers remembers the girl	singular	plural	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that	The singer that inspires the teachers avoids the woman	singular	plural	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that knows the uncles discourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that observes the farmers stimulates the aunt	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that observes the lawyers engages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that remembers the carpenters greets the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The singer that stimulates the boys inspires the woman	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The singer that stimulates the fathers approves the woman	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that stimulates the mothers inspires the man	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The singer that stimulates the women admires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that	The singer that understands the lawyers confuses the farmer	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The singer that understands the uncles avoids the victim	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The teacher that admires the boys confuses the father	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The teacher that admires the men remembers the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The teacher that admires the poets greets the farmer	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The teacher that admires the women inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The teacher that approves the friends criticizes the guy	singular	plural	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The teacher that approves the friends greets the singer	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The teacher that approves the men encourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that approves the mothers inspires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that	The teacher that avoids the boys criticizes the guy	singular	plural	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The teacher that avoids the guys engages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
subjrel_that	The teacher that avoids the singers stimulates the woman	singular	plural	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The teacher that avoids the women confuses the aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The teacher that confuses the boys greets the uncle	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The teacher that confuses the women admires the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The teacher that criticizes the lawyers observes the woman	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The teacher that criticizes the singers discourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that discourages the mothers confuses the aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The teacher that discourages the uncles encourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the aunts avoids the poet	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the boys inspires the singer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the fathers knows the victim	singular	plural	singular	encourage	know
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the kids greets the woman	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the singers criticizes the kid	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the victims criticizes the boy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The teacher that engages the girls criticizes the guy	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
subjrel_that	The teacher that engages the kids understands the doctor	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that	The teacher that engages the singers remembers the farmer	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The teacher that greets the boys engages the mother	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The teacher that greets the kids inspires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The teacher that inspires the farmers admires the father	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The teacher that knows the boys understands the kid	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that	The teacher that knows the doctors understands the father	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that	The teacher that knows the singers observes the woman	singular	plural	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that	The teacher that observes the aunts criticizes the singer	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The teacher that remembers the athletes encourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that remembers the carpenters knows the uncle	singular	plural	singular	remember	know
subjrel_that	The teacher that remembers the fathers approves the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that	The teacher that remembers the fathers engages the man	singular	plural	singular	remember	engage
subjrel_that	The teacher that remembers the kids confuses the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The teacher that remembers the men encourages the father	singular	plural	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that stimulates the carpenters criticizes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that	The teacher that stimulates the fathers admires the farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the athletes avoids the boy	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the athletes inspires the girl	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the farmers greets the mother	singular	plural	singular	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the friends engages the mother	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the friends stimulates the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that	The uncle that admires the athletes observes the friend	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that admires the doctors engages the poet	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that admires the fathers understands the mother	singular	plural	singular	admire	understand
subjrel_that	The uncle that approves the aunts encourages the man	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that approves the fathers avoids the mother	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that approves the kids engages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that approves the kids inspires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that	The uncle that approves the mothers observes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	approve	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that avoids the lawyers criticizes the victim	singular	plural	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The uncle that avoids the lawyers understands the aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The uncle that avoids the women observes the singer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that confuses the athletes inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The uncle that confuses the guys encourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that confuses the mothers greets the farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The uncle that confuses the victims engages the friend	singular	plural	singular	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the doctors confuses the victim	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the fathers approves the farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the friends confuses the guy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the friends engages the victim	singular	plural	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the mothers admires the kid	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the poets avoids the singer	singular	plural	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that discourages the lawyers understands the poet	singular	plural	singular	discourage	understand
subjrel_that	The uncle that encourages the doctors inspires the poet	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The uncle that encourages the lawyers admires the girl	singular	plural	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The uncle that encourages the mothers admires the man	singular	plural	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The uncle that engages the girls knows the aunt	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the carpenters understands the farmer	singular	plural	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the guys criticizes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the singers inspires the mother	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the carpenters observes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the farmers observes the friend	singular	plural	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the fathers approves the singer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the friends avoids the girl	singular	plural	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the friends knows the girl	singular	plural	singular	inspire	know
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the guys admires the woman	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The uncle that knows the boys avoids the aunt	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that knows the kids avoids the woman	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that knows the lawyers stimulates the singer	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that	The uncle that observes the aunts admires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The uncle that observes the doctors greets the victim	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The uncle that observes the farmers avoids the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that observes the girls encourages the friend	singular	plural	singular	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that observes the poets knows the athlete	singular	plural	singular	observe	know
subjrel_that	The uncle that remembers the athletes discourages the father	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that remembers the friends observes the boy	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that remembers the men approves the singer	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that	The uncle that remembers the singers observes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that understands the fathers stimulates the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that	The victim that admires the athletes remembers the boy	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The victim that admires the boys approves the father	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The victim that admires the doctors remembers the poet	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The victim that admires the fathers understands the poet	singular	plural	singular	admire	understand
subjrel_that	The victim that admires the girls confuses the uncle	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The victim that admires the men observes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the friends greets the woman	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the lawyers encourages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the mothers engages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the women discourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The victim that avoids the aunts criticizes the father	singular	plural	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The victim that avoids the boys encourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The victim that avoids the fathers knows the poet	singular	plural	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The victim that avoids the kids greets the aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the athletes approves the singer	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the fathers approves the friend	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the guys understands the father	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the poets encourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the singers approves the athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that	The victim that discourages the boys observes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The victim that discourages the fathers encourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that	The victim that discourages the uncles remembers the woman	singular	plural	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The victim that engages the uncles admires the father	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The victim that greets the farmers encourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	greet	encourage
subjrel_that	The victim that greets the men discourages the father	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that	The victim that inspires the boys engages the woman	singular	plural	singular	inspire	engage
subjrel_that	The victim that inspires the friends remembers the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that	The victim that inspires the teachers approves the guy	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The victim that knows the boys inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that knows the fathers stimulates the girl	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that	The victim that knows the kids inspires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that knows the mothers avoids the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The victim that observes the athletes remembers the doctor	singular	plural	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that	The victim that observes the men stimulates the poet	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The victim that remembers the athletes inspires the farmer	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that remembers the singers stimulates the mother	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The victim that stimulates the boys knows the farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that	The victim that stimulates the friends encourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that	The victim that stimulates the poets engages the father	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The victim that understands the aunts confuses the friend	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The victim that understands the girls engages the woman	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The victim that understands the kids confuses the mother	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The victim that understands the singers remembers the friend	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The woman that admires the aunts avoids the farmer	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The woman that admires the aunts knows the man	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that	The woman that admires the mothers approves the farmer	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The woman that admires the teachers knows the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that	The woman that admires the uncles remembers the teacher	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the doctors understands the victim	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the guys admires the singer	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the kids admires the victim	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The woman that avoids the aunts admires the poet	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The woman that avoids the friends confuses the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The woman that avoids the friends greets the aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The woman that avoids the uncles approves the singer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The woman that confuses the guys approves the aunt	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that	The woman that confuses the men greets the poet	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The woman that confuses the mothers knows the girl	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The woman that criticizes the carpenters avoids the mother	singular	plural	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The woman that discourages the friends observes the man	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The woman that discourages the guys engages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The woman that encourages the boys engages the mother	singular	plural	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The woman that encourages the boys greets the athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The woman that encourages the singers confuses the kid	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the boys stimulates the victim	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the carpenters avoids the man	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the doctors discourages the father	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the kids inspires the girl	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the kids understands the farmer	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the men greets the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the teachers stimulates the man	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the boys observes the kid	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the doctors knows the guy	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the farmers remembers the boy	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the poets observes the father	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the victims encourages the boy	singular	plural	singular	greet	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that inspires the boys avoids the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The woman that inspires the kids approves the girl	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The woman that knows the fathers criticizes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The woman that knows the mothers encourages the father	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that knows the teachers engages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the boys stimulates the mother	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the carpenters greets the man	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the doctors avoids the boy	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the guys confuses the mother	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The woman that remembers the carpenters greets the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The woman that remembers the farmers greets the kid	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The woman that understands the aunts approves the mother	singular	plural	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The woman that understands the boys remembers the poet	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The athlete that admires the carpenters avoids the boys	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The athlete that admires the men criticizes the girls	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The athlete that admires the men observes the victims	singular	plural	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The athlete that approves the aunts inspires the victims	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspire
subjrel_that	The athlete that approves the carpenters observes the friends	singular	plural	plural	approve	observe
subjrel_that	The athlete that approves the victims engages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The athlete that avoids the aunts encourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that avoids the boys observes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The athlete that avoids the fathers knows the aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The athlete that avoids the men criticizes the poets	singular	plural	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The athlete that avoids the singers approves the women	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The athlete that avoids the uncles remembers the victims	singular	plural	plural	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The athlete that avoids the victims admires the mothers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The athlete that confuses the doctors engages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The athlete that confuses the lawyers observes the kids	singular	plural	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The athlete that confuses the singers engages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The athlete that criticizes the friends inspires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that	The athlete that criticizes the mothers observes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The athlete that discourages the farmers engages the boys	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The athlete that discourages the farmers knows the kids	singular	plural	plural	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The athlete that discourages the lawyers inspires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The athlete that discourages the uncles encourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that encourages the uncles admires the friends	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The athlete that engages the lawyers inspires the guys	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The athlete that engages the uncles approves the victims	singular	plural	plural	engage	approve
subjrel_that	The athlete that engages the victims remembers the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the aunts confuses the kids	singular	plural	plural	greet	confuse
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the friends remembers the guys	singular	plural	plural	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the friends stimulates the teachers	singular	plural	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the kids inspires the boys	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the men observes the girls	singular	plural	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the poets criticizes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the poets inspires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the poets observes the kids	singular	plural	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the singers avoids the poets	singular	plural	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the women admires the poets	singular	plural	plural	greet	admire
subjrel_that	The athlete that inspires the boys greets the farmers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The athlete that inspires the doctors approves the teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The athlete that inspires the girls approves the men	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The athlete that inspires the guys observes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The athlete that inspires the lawyers greets the kids	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The athlete that inspires the men observes the poets	singular	plural	plural	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The athlete that inspires the victims understands the singers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The athlete that knows the friends inspires the singers	singular	plural	plural	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The athlete that knows the men understands the friends	singular	plural	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that	The athlete that knows the uncles engages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that	The athlete that observes the carpenters knows the singers	singular	plural	plural	observe	know
subjrel_that	The athlete that observes the doctors criticizes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The athlete that observes the doctors knows the women	singular	plural	plural	observe	know
subjrel_that	The athlete that observes the friends admires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The athlete that observes the girls criticizes the victims	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The athlete that observes the lawyers avoids the women	singular	plural	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The athlete that observes the uncles discourages the women	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that observes the victims avoids the doctors	singular	plural	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The athlete that remembers the doctors knows the guys	singular	plural	plural	remember	know
subjrel_that	The athlete that remembers the farmers encourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that remembers the poets stimulates the uncles	singular	plural	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The athlete that stimulates the girls confuses the men	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The athlete that stimulates the guys discourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that stimulates the men approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The athlete that stimulates the uncles inspires the friends	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The athlete that stimulates the women greets the singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The athlete that understands the aunts admires the mothers	singular	plural	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The athlete that understands the carpenters avoids the singers	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The aunt that admires the athletes stimulates the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The aunt that admires the kids avoids the singers	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The aunt that admires the mothers understands the fathers	singular	plural	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that	The aunt that admires the singers criticizes the men	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The aunt that approves the athletes admires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that approves the athletes admires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that approves the poets observes the guys	singular	plural	plural	approve	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that approves the victims stimulates the girls	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The aunt that avoids the boys criticizes the friends	singular	plural	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The aunt that avoids the girls stimulates the men	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The aunt that avoids the men criticizes the poets	singular	plural	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The aunt that avoids the singers greets the athletes	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The aunt that avoids the singers observes the boys	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that confuses the poets understands the men	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The aunt that confuses the singers admires the friends	singular	plural	plural	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that confuses the teachers admires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that confuses the uncles knows the fathers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The aunt that criticizes the athletes observes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that discourages the athletes approves the doctors	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The aunt that discourages the poets stimulates the singers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The aunt that encourages the friends remembers the singers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The aunt that encourages the teachers inspires the poets	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that encourages the teachers stimulates the uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The aunt that encourages the women inspires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that engages the doctors discourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that engages the girls discourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that engages the kids encourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that engages the lawyers criticizes the singers	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that	The aunt that engages the men inspires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that engages the singers avoids the mothers	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The aunt that greets the poets criticizes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The aunt that greets the victims engages the boys	singular	plural	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The aunt that inspires the farmers understands the guys	singular	plural	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The aunt that inspires the guys remembers the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that	The aunt that inspires the guys remembers the women	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that	The aunt that knows the carpenters inspires the mothers	singular	plural	plural	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that knows the girls understands the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that	The aunt that knows the singers inspires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that knows the uncles admires the women	singular	plural	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that observes the doctors confuses the kids	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The aunt that observes the friends discourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that remembers the boys avoids the uncles	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The aunt that remembers the guys understands the girls	singular	plural	plural	remember	understand
subjrel_that	The aunt that stimulates the guys remembers the farmers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The aunt that stimulates the uncles admires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that stimulates the uncles approves the women	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The aunt that stimulates the women approves the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The aunt that understands the women avoids the mothers	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The boy that admires the friends observes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The boy that admires the kids criticizes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The boy that admires the kids engages the victims	singular	plural	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that admires the men remembers the women	singular	plural	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The boy that admires the poets observes the guys	singular	plural	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The boy that approves the girls discourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The boy that confuses the singers criticizes the friends	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The boy that criticizes the athletes engages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that discourages the carpenters confuses the kids	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The boy that discourages the farmers knows the aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The boy that discourages the fathers observes the men	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The boy that discourages the girls approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The boy that discourages the guys knows the farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The boy that discourages the men confuses the girls	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The boy that discourages the mothers inspires the women	singular	plural	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The boy that discourages the uncles admires the guys	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The boy that encourages the men engages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that encourages the poets stimulates the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The boy that engages the farmers discourages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The boy that engages the men criticizes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that	The boy that engages the poets approves the teachers	singular	plural	plural	engage	approve
subjrel_that	The boy that engages the singers encourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that	The boy that engages the uncles admires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The boy that greets the fathers knows the athletes	singular	plural	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the aunts remembers the men	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the carpenters confuses the doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the doctors knows the kids	singular	plural	plural	inspire	know
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the fathers criticizes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the guys confuses the poets	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the poets avoids the athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the uncles confuses the athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The boy that knows the athletes criticizes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The boy that knows the kids confuses the guys	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The boy that knows the teachers understands the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that	The boy that knows the uncles encourages the friends	singular	plural	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The boy that observes the singers admires the victims	singular	plural	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The boy that observes the uncles admires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The boy that observes the uncles discourages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The boy that observes the women admires the victims	singular	plural	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The boy that remembers the guys knows the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	remember	know
subjrel_that	The boy that stimulates the athletes remembers the kids	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The boy that stimulates the farmers remembers the fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The boy that stimulates the poets knows the athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	know
subjrel_that	The boy that understands the carpenters avoids the poets	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The boy that understands the fathers greets the aunts	singular	plural	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The boy that understands the kids admires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The boy that understands the kids criticizes the singers	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The boy that understands the kids knows the teachers	singular	plural	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that	The boy that understands the lawyers stimulates the singers	singular	plural	plural	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that	The boy that understands the teachers admires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the fathers criticizes the kids	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the girls avoids the athletes	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the guys observes the singers	singular	plural	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the lawyers greets the women	singular	plural	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the men approves the guys	singular	plural	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the uncles encourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the uncles engages the girls	singular	plural	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that approves the girls inspires the boys	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that avoids the teachers understands the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The carpenter that confuses the aunts inspires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that confuses the girls inspires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that confuses the women engages the boys	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that criticizes the aunts confuses the victims	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that criticizes the poets stimulates the kids	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that	The carpenter that criticizes the teachers remembers the victims	singular	plural	plural	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The carpenter that discourages the teachers remembers the victims	singular	plural	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The carpenter that encourages the fathers inspires the boys	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that encourages the fathers remembers the guys	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The carpenter that encourages the singers avoids the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The carpenter that encourages the victims criticizes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The carpenter that engages the men avoids the singers	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The carpenter that engages the poets greets the singers	singular	plural	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The carpenter that engages the victims inspires the guys	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that inspires the singers observes the kids	singular	plural	plural	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The carpenter that inspires the victims stimulates the girls	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The carpenter that knows the aunts confuses the uncles	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that knows the boys confuses the doctors	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that knows the singers stimulates the fathers	singular	plural	plural	know	stimulate
subjrel_that	The carpenter that knows the victims engages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that knows the victims greets the aunts	singular	plural	plural	know	greet
subjrel_that	The carpenter that observes the friends confuses the farmers	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that observes the men admires the boys	singular	plural	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that observes the mothers stimulates the aunts	singular	plural	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The carpenter that observes the mothers understands the boys	singular	plural	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The carpenter that observes the victims understands the fathers	singular	plural	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The carpenter that remembers the girls admires the boys	singular	plural	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that remembers the girls approves the athletes	singular	plural	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that	The carpenter that remembers the girls approves the boys	singular	plural	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that	The carpenter that remembers the women admires the singers	singular	plural	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that stimulates the singers observes the fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that	The carpenter that stimulates the victims discourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that understands the guys remembers the men	singular	plural	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The carpenter that understands the lawyers approves the kids	singular	plural	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The carpenter that understands the victims engages the singers	singular	plural	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The doctor that admires the lawyers criticizes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The doctor that admires the teachers avoids the athletes	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that admires the teachers confuses the women	singular	plural	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The doctor that approves the boys understands the farmers	singular	plural	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The doctor that approves the girls stimulates the singers	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The doctor that avoids the farmers engages the women	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that	The doctor that avoids the fathers confuses the girls	singular	plural	plural	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The doctor that avoids the guys engages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that	The doctor that avoids the kids admires the boys	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The doctor that avoids the uncles discourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that confuses the guys stimulates the fathers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that	The doctor that confuses the singers stimulates the victims	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that	The doctor that confuses the singers understands the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The doctor that criticizes the girls stimulates the men	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that	The doctor that discourages the girls understands the friends	singular	plural	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that	The doctor that discourages the guys knows the girls	singular	plural	plural	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The doctor that discourages the mothers admires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The doctor that discourages the singers encourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that discourages the uncles inspires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The doctor that encourages the friends criticizes the kids	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The doctor that encourages the guys admires the women	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The doctor that encourages the uncles criticizes the boys	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The doctor that encourages the uncles observes the guys	singular	plural	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The doctor that engages the victims discourages the poets	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that greets the girls approves the victims	singular	plural	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the men engages the boys	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engage
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the mothers observes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the teachers stimulates the girls	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the victims greets the farmers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The doctor that knows the kids approves the victims	singular	plural	plural	know	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that knows the uncles approves the kids	singular	plural	plural	know	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that knows the uncles engages the poets	singular	plural	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that	The doctor that knows the uncles observes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	know	observe
subjrel_that	The doctor that knows the victims greets the poets	singular	plural	plural	know	greet
subjrel_that	The doctor that observes the aunts approves the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that observes the farmers engages the guys	singular	plural	plural	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The doctor that observes the teachers avoids the uncles	singular	plural	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that remembers the aunts approves the farmers	singular	plural	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that remembers the men approves the friends	singular	plural	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that remembers the poets greets the girls	singular	plural	plural	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The doctor that understands the farmers discourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that admires the boys observes the singers	singular	plural	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The farmer that admires the girls avoids the mothers	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The farmer that admires the victims greets the men	singular	plural	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that admires the victims stimulates the fathers	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The farmer that approves the aunts stimulates the doctors	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The farmer that confuses the aunts discourages the men	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that confuses the lawyers inspires the victims	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The farmer that confuses the singers understands the men	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The farmer that confuses the women greets the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that criticizes the mothers remembers the victims	singular	plural	plural	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The farmer that criticizes the victims encourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that criticizes the women avoids the men	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The farmer that encourages the doctors stimulates the aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The farmer that encourages the friends greets the poets	singular	plural	plural	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that encourages the girls approves the women	singular	plural	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The farmer that encourages the kids confuses the fathers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The farmer that engages the poets observes the fathers	singular	plural	plural	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The farmer that engages the uncles approves the mothers	singular	plural	plural	engage	approve
subjrel_that	The farmer that greets the mothers engages the friends	singular	plural	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The farmer that inspires the boys admires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The farmer that inspires the girls avoids the friends	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The farmer that inspires the kids approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The farmer that inspires the lawyers greets the aunts	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that knows the boys admires the women	singular	plural	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that	The farmer that knows the fathers understands the boys	singular	plural	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that	The farmer that knows the friends encourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that knows the lawyers approves the women	singular	plural	plural	know	approve
subjrel_that	The farmer that knows the victims understands the singers	singular	plural	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that	The farmer that observes the aunts encourages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that observes the carpenters admires the boys	singular	plural	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The farmer that observes the teachers discourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that remembers the friends understands the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	remember	understand
subjrel_that	The farmer that remembers the victims observes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The farmer that stimulates the athletes admires the girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that	The farmer that stimulates the boys avoids the aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The farmer that stimulates the fathers discourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that stimulates the girls confuses the singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The farmer that stimulates the lawyers greets the poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that stimulates the mothers engages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The farmer that stimulates the victims avoids the friends	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The farmer that stimulates the women engages the kids	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The farmer that understands the aunts observes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The farmer that understands the doctors admires the victims	singular	plural	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The farmer that understands the fathers knows the doctors	singular	plural	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that	The father that admires the athletes avoids the women	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The father that admires the women inspires the girls	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that approves the athletes stimulates the mothers	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The father that approves the aunts encourages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The father that approves the doctors confuses the women	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that approves the doctors observes the boys	singular	plural	plural	approve	observe
subjrel_that	The father that approves the girls encourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The father that approves the guys stimulates the athletes	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The father that avoids the friends inspires the boys	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that avoids the men inspires the boys	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that avoids the singers discourages the women	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that	The father that confuses the mothers approves the aunts	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that	The father that confuses the mothers remembers the farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The father that confuses the singers knows the aunts	singular	plural	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The father that criticizes the boys greets the girls	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The father that criticizes the carpenters admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The father that discourages the girls encourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that	The father that encourages the kids admires the singers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The father that encourages the kids avoids the friends	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The father that encourages the kids confuses the uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that encourages the victims confuses the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that engages the farmers admires the singers	singular	plural	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The father that engages the lawyers greets the aunts	singular	plural	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The father that engages the men avoids the athletes	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The father that engages the teachers avoids the boys	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The father that engages the teachers observes the men	singular	plural	plural	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The father that greets the farmers stimulates the men	singular	plural	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The father that greets the men engages the girls	singular	plural	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The father that inspires the carpenters understands the friends	singular	plural	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The father that inspires the friends greets the men	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The father that inspires the mothers avoids the doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The father that inspires the poets understands the mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The father that inspires the singers encourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The father that inspires the women discourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The father that knows the boys admires the kids	singular	plural	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that	The father that knows the boys confuses the victims	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that knows the men remembers the uncles	singular	plural	plural	know	remember
subjrel_that	The father that knows the teachers understands the friends	singular	plural	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that	The father that observes the boys discourages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The father that observes the women confuses the teachers	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that remembers the boys encourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The father that remembers the carpenters avoids the aunts	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The father that remembers the girls stimulates the kids	singular	plural	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The father that stimulates the poets avoids the victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The father that stimulates the singers greets the farmers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The father that stimulates the victims confuses the teachers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that understands the athletes criticizes the women	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The father that understands the boys encourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that	The father that understands the boys inspires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that understands the kids engages the women	singular	plural	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The father that understands the lawyers discourages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that admires the fathers observes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that admires the teachers criticizes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The friend that admires the victims greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The friend that approves the guys confuses the teachers	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The friend that approves the women inspires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspire
subjrel_that	The friend that avoids the carpenters observes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that avoids the fathers observes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that confuses the athletes remembers the boys	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The friend that confuses the doctors greets the poets	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The friend that confuses the victims discourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that criticizes the athletes engages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The friend that criticizes the farmers confuses the men	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that	The friend that discourages the poets inspires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The friend that discourages the uncles admires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The friend that encourages the men stimulates the singers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The friend that engages the athletes knows the girls	singular	plural	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that	The friend that engages the girls remembers the women	singular	plural	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The friend that engages the kids stimulates the doctors	singular	plural	plural	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The friend that engages the women discourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that greets the boys knows the girls	singular	plural	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that	The friend that greets the guys approves the farmers	singular	plural	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The friend that greets the guys inspires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The friend that greets the lawyers discourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	greet	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that greets the uncles admires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	greet	admire
subjrel_that	The friend that inspires the teachers engages the victims	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engage
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the athletes engages the girls	singular	plural	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the mothers confuses the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the mothers criticizes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the uncles encourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the women admires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the women admires the poets	singular	plural	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that	The friend that observes the athletes understands the girls	singular	plural	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The friend that observes the singers understands the farmers	singular	plural	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The friend that remembers the lawyers admires the kids	singular	plural	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The friend that remembers the victims confuses the mothers	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The friend that remembers the victims engages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that	The friend that remembers the women observes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that stimulates the carpenters engages the girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The friend that stimulates the doctors admires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that	The friend that stimulates the kids criticizes the girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that	The friend that stimulates the singers confuses the boys	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The friend that stimulates the teachers approves the girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The friend that understands the athletes admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The friend that understands the girls greets the athletes	singular	plural	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The friend that understands the kids remembers the uncles	singular	plural	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The friend that understands the lawyers admires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The girl that admires the aunts confuses the athletes	singular	plural	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that admires the kids engages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that	The girl that admires the poets greets the uncles	singular	plural	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The girl that admires the uncles remembers the teachers	singular	plural	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The girl that approves the doctors avoids the women	singular	plural	plural	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that approves the lawyers encourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The girl that approves the men criticizes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that approves the men observes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	approve	observe
subjrel_that	The girl that avoids the fathers encourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The girl that avoids the fathers greets the kids	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The girl that avoids the friends discourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that	The girl that avoids the friends understands the guys	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The girl that avoids the men understands the athletes	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The girl that avoids the mothers criticizes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that confuses the athletes knows the guys	singular	plural	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The girl that confuses the boys engages the men	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The girl that confuses the poets greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The girl that confuses the teachers encourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that	The girl that confuses the women criticizes the guys	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that criticizes the aunts discourages the men	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The girl that criticizes the fathers observes the poets	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The girl that criticizes the fathers observes the women	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The girl that criticizes the friends approves the athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the carpenters greets the men	singular	plural	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the doctors approves the kids	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the teachers engages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the teachers observes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the uncles engages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the victims approves the men	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the lawyers approves the guys	singular	plural	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the lawyers confuses the teachers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that engages the carpenters avoids the aunts	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that engages the carpenters confuses the boys	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that engages the farmers confuses the teachers	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that engages the guys remembers the women	singular	plural	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The girl that engages the teachers greets the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The girl that greets the carpenters knows the friends	singular	plural	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that	The girl that greets the women stimulates the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The girl that greets the women stimulates the kids	singular	plural	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The girl that inspires the doctors stimulates the victims	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The girl that inspires the fathers confuses the uncles	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that inspires the kids admires the singers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The girl that inspires the lawyers knows the victims	singular	plural	plural	inspire	know
subjrel_that	The girl that inspires the uncles stimulates the fathers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The girl that knows the athletes criticizes the guys	singular	plural	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that knows the doctors encourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The girl that knows the mothers confuses the fathers	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that knows the uncles understands the friends	singular	plural	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the boys stimulates the doctors	singular	plural	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the farmers understands the uncles	singular	plural	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the fathers avoids the uncles	singular	plural	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the guys encourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the poets understands the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the teachers encourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the athletes confuses the guys	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the aunts criticizes the friends	singular	plural	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the friends encourages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the singers admires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The girl that stimulates the aunts remembers the women	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The girl that stimulates the guys inspires the boys	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The girl that stimulates the mothers remembers the victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The girl that understands the aunts confuses the kids	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that understands the women greets the singers	singular	plural	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The guy that admires the farmers knows the men	singular	plural	plural	admire	know
subjrel_that	The guy that admires the girls observes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The guy that admires the men stimulates the mothers	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The guy that admires the mothers approves the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The guy that admires the mothers criticizes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the boys confuses the farmers	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the girls greets the men	singular	plural	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the women greets the mothers	singular	plural	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the women stimulates the men	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The guy that avoids the aunts understands the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The guy that avoids the doctors inspires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The guy that avoids the farmers stimulates the friends	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The guy that avoids the girls approves the boys	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The guy that confuses the doctors inspires the women	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The guy that confuses the girls discourages the poets	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that	The guy that confuses the poets understands the uncles	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The guy that criticizes the boys confuses the athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that	The guy that discourages the athletes knows the victims	singular	plural	plural	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The guy that discourages the doctors inspires the men	singular	plural	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The guy that discourages the mothers confuses the doctors	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The guy that encourages the boys criticizes the victims	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that encourages the boys discourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that	The guy that encourages the singers inspires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The guy that encourages the teachers criticizes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that engages the aunts admires the boys	singular	plural	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that engages the kids criticizes the women	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that greets the doctors engages the friends	singular	plural	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The guy that greets the fathers engages the friends	singular	plural	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The guy that greets the singers avoids the women	singular	plural	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The guy that greets the singers confuses the men	singular	plural	plural	greet	confuse
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the poets avoids the friends	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the poets greets the friends	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the teachers confuses the fathers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the teachers greets the kids	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The guy that knows the farmers engages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that	The guy that knows the kids engages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that	The guy that observes the athletes greets the aunts	singular	plural	plural	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The guy that observes the victims greets the men	singular	plural	plural	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The guy that observes the women greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The guy that remembers the carpenters admires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that remembers the carpenters discourages the women	singular	plural	plural	remember	discourage
subjrel_that	The guy that remembers the mothers observes the girls	singular	plural	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The guy that stimulates the boys admires the women	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that stimulates the fathers criticizes the kids	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that understands the carpenters stimulates the mothers	singular	plural	plural	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that	The guy that understands the farmers admires the victims	singular	plural	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that understands the farmers engages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The guy that understands the lawyers observes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The guy that understands the men criticizes the victims	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that understands the victims confuses the doctors	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the athletes approves the men	singular	plural	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the aunts criticizes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the boys discourages the men	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourage
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the farmers avoids the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the farmers confuses the fathers	singular	plural	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the men encourages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The kid that approves the aunts inspires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that approves the lawyers knows the guys	singular	plural	plural	approve	know
subjrel_that	The kid that approves the singers admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The kid that avoids the carpenters discourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that	The kid that confuses the athletes avoids the friends	singular	plural	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that confuses the boys remembers the men	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The kid that confuses the teachers greets the friends	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the athletes greets the uncles	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the boys confuses the poets	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the fathers encourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the women admires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The kid that discourages the athletes avoids the uncles	singular	plural	plural	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that discourages the carpenters confuses the women	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that encourages the aunts confuses the girls	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that encourages the carpenters understands the men	singular	plural	plural	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The kid that engages the boys greets the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The kid that engages the carpenters confuses the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that engages the doctors remembers the farmers	singular	plural	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The kid that engages the fathers observes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The kid that engages the girls knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the friends approves the mothers	singular	plural	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the girls admires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	greet	admire
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the men criticizes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the poets understands the athletes	singular	plural	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that	The kid that inspires the fathers greets the doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The kid that knows the aunts admires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that	The kid that knows the girls inspires the singers	singular	plural	plural	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that knows the men avoids the women	singular	plural	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that observes the carpenters avoids the singers	singular	plural	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that observes the guys confuses the victims	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that observes the guys discourages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The kid that observes the men greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The kid that observes the poets criticizes the guys	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The kid that observes the poets understands the friends	singular	plural	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The kid that stimulates the aunts remembers the poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The kid that understands the aunts approves the doctors	singular	plural	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The kid that understands the fathers stimulates the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that	The kid that understands the friends engages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The kid that understands the guys approves the victims	singular	plural	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The kid that understands the mothers admires the singers	singular	plural	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The kid that understands the mothers criticizes the men	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The kid that understands the women knows the athletes	singular	plural	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the doctors observes the girls	singular	plural	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the guys encourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the uncles knows the aunts	singular	plural	plural	admire	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the victims approves the singers	singular	plural	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The lawyer that approves the boys greets the mothers	singular	plural	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The lawyer that approves the doctors greets the kids	singular	plural	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The lawyer that approves the doctors understands the girls	singular	plural	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The lawyer that approves the farmers discourages the men	singular	plural	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that confuses the fathers knows the kids	singular	plural	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that confuses the fathers remembers the men	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The lawyer that confuses the friends greets the aunts	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The lawyer that confuses the men admires the guys	singular	plural	plural	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that confuses the poets approves the women	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that	The lawyer that confuses the singers criticizes the victims	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The lawyer that criticizes the men confuses the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that	The lawyer that criticizes the teachers discourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that criticizes the uncles inspires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that criticizes the women greets the guys	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The lawyer that discourages the aunts observes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The lawyer that discourages the fathers approves the aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The lawyer that discourages the fathers criticizes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The lawyer that encourages the boys confuses the mothers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The lawyer that encourages the fathers understands the athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The lawyer that encourages the men admires the kids	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that encourages the mothers stimulates the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The lawyer that encourages the singers knows the poets	singular	plural	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that engages the poets knows the farmers	singular	plural	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that greets the boys inspires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that greets the doctors admires the men	singular	plural	plural	greet	admire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that greets the farmers inspires the friends	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that greets the girls inspires the singers	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that inspires the boys knows the mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that inspires the carpenters encourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that inspires the farmers engages the girls	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that inspires the guys encourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that knows the fathers avoids the farmers	singular	plural	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The lawyer that knows the guys confuses the uncles	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the aunts discourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the doctors greets the fathers	singular	plural	plural	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the poets knows the women	singular	plural	plural	observe	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that remembers the farmers encourages the men	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that remembers the guys avoids the fathers	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The lawyer that stimulates the poets inspires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that stimulates the teachers confuses the aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The lawyer that understands the athletes stimulates the farmers	singular	plural	plural	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that	The lawyer that understands the carpenters inspires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that understands the victims inspires the women	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspire
subjrel_that	The man that admires the boys understands the poets	singular	plural	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that	The man that admires the friends inspires the singers	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The man that admires the girls stimulates the boys	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The man that admires the kids remembers the poets	singular	plural	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The man that admires the victims criticizes the friends	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The man that admires the victims discourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourage
subjrel_that	The man that approves the kids discourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The man that approves the mothers confuses the athletes	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that approves the mothers engages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The man that approves the teachers discourages the friends	singular	plural	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The man that avoids the athletes discourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that	The man that avoids the victims greets the guys	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The man that confuses the carpenters remembers the girls	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The man that confuses the poets avoids the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The man that confuses the victims observes the singers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The man that criticizes the athletes admires the kids	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The man that criticizes the aunts remembers the doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The man that criticizes the lawyers admires the singers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The man that discourages the poets greets the boys	singular	plural	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The man that discourages the women remembers the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the boys confuses the poets	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the farmers inspires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the poets engages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the poets greets the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the uncles discourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that	The man that engages the farmers avoids the friends	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The man that engages the lawyers avoids the boys	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The man that engages the poets encourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that	The man that engages the teachers encourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that	The man that engages the teachers observes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The man that greets the boys confuses the girls	singular	plural	plural	greet	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that inspires the aunts stimulates the girls	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The man that inspires the uncles avoids the kids	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The man that knows the doctors stimulates the victims	singular	plural	plural	know	stimulate
subjrel_that	The man that knows the kids engages the poets	singular	plural	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that	The man that observes the athletes knows the doctors	singular	plural	plural	observe	know
subjrel_that	The man that observes the carpenters encourages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The man that observes the doctors confuses the farmers	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that remembers the farmers engages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that	The man that stimulates the athletes understands the fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that	The man that stimulates the fathers understands the singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that	The man that stimulates the lawyers avoids the singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The man that understands the athletes avoids the poets	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The man that understands the aunts encourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that	The man that understands the boys confuses the aunts	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that understands the friends discourages the women	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The man that understands the kids criticizes the poets	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The man that understands the lawyers greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The man that understands the poets criticizes the kids	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that admires the athletes stimulates the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The mother that admires the fathers greets the uncles	singular	plural	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that admires the lawyers understands the men	singular	plural	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that	The mother that admires the uncles confuses the men	singular	plural	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The mother that approves the boys avoids the athletes	singular	plural	plural	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The mother that approves the boys discourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The mother that approves the carpenters discourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The mother that approves the farmers admires the victims	singular	plural	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that approves the friends admires the girls	singular	plural	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that approves the victims greets the friends	singular	plural	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that avoids the farmers observes the girls	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The mother that avoids the fathers inspires the singers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The mother that avoids the poets observes the men	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The mother that confuses the aunts avoids the farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The mother that confuses the fathers criticizes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that confuses the friends discourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that	The mother that confuses the lawyers criticizes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that confuses the victims discourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that	The mother that criticizes the doctors knows the aunts	singular	plural	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The mother that criticizes the guys engages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The mother that criticizes the poets admires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that discourages the athletes understands the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that	The mother that discourages the aunts knows the men	singular	plural	plural	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The mother that discourages the kids inspires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The mother that discourages the singers approves the girls	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the athletes inspires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the carpenters criticizes the poets	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the friends remembers the farmers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the girls remembers the victims	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the singers confuses the aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the singers engages the girls	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the women admires the friends	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that engages the aunts admires the guys	singular	plural	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that engages the carpenters approves the doctors	singular	plural	plural	engage	approve
subjrel_that	The mother that engages the friends greets the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that greets the aunts engages the friends	singular	plural	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The mother that greets the carpenters criticizes the kids	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that greets the poets admires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	greet	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the kids stimulates the men	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the women observes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The mother that knows the fathers encourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the farmers criticizes the kids	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the kids criticizes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the men understands the athletes	singular	plural	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the uncles confuses the victims	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The mother that remembers the athletes greets the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that remembers the fathers criticizes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that remembers the fathers inspires the poets	singular	plural	plural	remember	inspire
subjrel_that	The mother that remembers the kids engages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that	The mother that remembers the men criticizes the kids	singular	plural	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that remembers the teachers criticizes the guys	singular	plural	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that stimulates the carpenters observes the victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that	The mother that stimulates the lawyers admires the singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that stimulates the poets avoids the girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The mother that stimulates the poets inspires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The mother that stimulates the teachers criticizes the fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that understands the athletes engages the victims	singular	plural	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The mother that understands the carpenters observes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The mother that understands the farmers engages the singers	singular	plural	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The mother that understands the girls knows the women	singular	plural	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that	The mother that understands the guys confuses the women	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that admires the athletes engages the friends	singular	plural	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that	The poet that admires the boys understands the fathers	singular	plural	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that	The poet that admires the girls engages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that	The poet that admires the kids remembers the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The poet that admires the singers discourages the women	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourage
subjrel_that	The poet that admires the teachers criticizes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The poet that admires the women avoids the farmers	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The poet that approves the boys confuses the athletes	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that approves the carpenters greets the doctors	singular	plural	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The poet that approves the friends greets the fathers	singular	plural	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The poet that approves the guys criticizes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The poet that approves the teachers knows the guys	singular	plural	plural	approve	know
subjrel_that	The poet that avoids the athletes remembers the farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The poet that confuses the carpenters understands the teachers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The poet that confuses the fathers criticizes the kids	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The poet that confuses the friends stimulates the guys	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that	The poet that criticizes the girls confuses the fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that criticizes the girls confuses the guys	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that discourages the singers avoids the doctors	singular	plural	plural	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The poet that discourages the singers criticizes the guys	singular	plural	plural	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The poet that encourages the athletes confuses the men	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that encourages the farmers engages the men	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The poet that encourages the uncles criticizes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The poet that engages the boys knows the women	singular	plural	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that	The poet that engages the doctors observes the kids	singular	plural	plural	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The poet that engages the singers knows the kids	singular	plural	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that	The poet that engages the singers observes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The poet that greets the aunts understands the singers	singular	plural	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that	The poet that greets the fathers observes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The poet that greets the mothers criticizes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The poet that inspires the mothers knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	know
subjrel_that	The poet that knows the aunts encourages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The poet that knows the uncles confuses the fathers	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that observes the doctors engages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The poet that observes the kids approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The poet that observes the uncles admires the men	singular	plural	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The poet that remembers the lawyers encourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The poet that remembers the teachers encourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The poet that remembers the uncles understands the doctors	singular	plural	plural	remember	understand
subjrel_that	The poet that stimulates the athletes confuses the fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that stimulates the boys confuses the singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that stimulates the fathers remembers the aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The poet that stimulates the mothers confuses the doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that stimulates the singers knows the friends	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	know
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the boys remembers the guys	singular	plural	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the carpenters avoids the victims	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the guys observes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the lawyers criticizes the guys	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the victims knows the farmers	singular	plural	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that	The singer that admires the friends approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that admires the guys confuses the doctors	singular	plural	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The singer that admires the lawyers discourages the men	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the doctors engages the women	singular	plural	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the men encourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the teachers avoids the boys	singular	plural	plural	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the victims observes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	approve	observe
subjrel_that	The singer that avoids the lawyers approves the boys	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that confuses the men encourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that	The singer that confuses the poets greets the aunts	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The singer that criticizes the boys engages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that criticizes the carpenters discourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that criticizes the doctors engages the kids	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that criticizes the doctors stimulates the poets	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that criticizes the women admires the poets	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The singer that discourages the boys inspires the men	singular	plural	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The singer that encourages the girls greets the aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The singer that engages the athletes greets the guys	singular	plural	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The singer that engages the aunts stimulates the fathers	singular	plural	plural	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that engages the kids approves the women	singular	plural	plural	engage	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that knows the carpenters stimulates the farmers	singular	plural	plural	know	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that knows the girls admires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that	The singer that knows the guys discourages the men	singular	plural	plural	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that knows the mothers discourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that knows the teachers inspires the women	singular	plural	plural	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The singer that knows the victims remembers the farmers	singular	plural	plural	know	remember
subjrel_that	The singer that observes the doctors admires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The singer that observes the friends stimulates the doctors	singular	plural	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that observes the guys understands the uncles	singular	plural	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The singer that observes the women discourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that remembers the friends admires the poets	singular	plural	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The singer that remembers the teachers discourages the men	singular	plural	plural	remember	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that stimulates the guys encourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that	The singer that stimulates the lawyers approves the poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that stimulates the men confuses the poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The singer that understands the aunts avoids the mothers	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that understands the aunts encourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that	The singer that understands the girls knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that	The singer that understands the teachers discourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that understands the victims avoids the poets	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The teacher that admires the boys encourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that admires the farmers discourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that admires the girls engages the victims	singular	plural	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that	The teacher that approves the kids greets the farmers	singular	plural	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The teacher that approves the singers inspires the friends	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspire
subjrel_that	The teacher that approves the victims encourages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that avoids the aunts stimulates the athletes	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The teacher that avoids the mothers approves the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The teacher that confuses the farmers observes the victims	singular	plural	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The teacher that confuses the lawyers understands the women	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The teacher that confuses the uncles remembers the singers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The teacher that criticizes the carpenters avoids the singers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The teacher that criticizes the carpenters observes the friends	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The teacher that criticizes the men approves the aunts	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The teacher that discourages the aunts understands the women	singular	plural	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that	The teacher that discourages the poets engages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the doctors confuses the friends	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the friends avoids the farmers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the lawyers inspires the girls	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The teacher that engages the fathers confuses the boys	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The teacher that engages the kids stimulates the victims	singular	plural	plural	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The teacher that engages the poets avoids the men	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The teacher that engages the women understands the athletes	singular	plural	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that	The teacher that greets the guys avoids the mothers	singular	plural	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The teacher that inspires the girls confuses the guys	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The teacher that inspires the lawyers stimulates the friends	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The teacher that inspires the poets encourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that knows the carpenters greets the farmers	singular	plural	plural	know	greet
subjrel_that	The teacher that knows the fathers discourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that knows the girls remembers the doctors	singular	plural	plural	know	remember
subjrel_that	The teacher that knows the lawyers remembers the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	know	remember
subjrel_that	The teacher that knows the mothers avoids the fathers	singular	plural	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The teacher that knows the mothers discourages the women	singular	plural	plural	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that knows the singers confuses the kids	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The teacher that observes the athletes greets the poets	singular	plural	plural	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The teacher that observes the farmers admires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The teacher that observes the farmers remembers the boys	singular	plural	plural	observe	remember
subjrel_that	The teacher that observes the guys greets the men	singular	plural	plural	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The teacher that observes the men greets the girls	singular	plural	plural	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The teacher that observes the mothers avoids the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The teacher that remembers the aunts engages the victims	singular	plural	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that	The teacher that remembers the women confuses the boys	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the farmers approves the doctors	singular	plural	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the guys remembers the uncles	singular	plural	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the men greets the aunts	singular	plural	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the mothers approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the women discourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that admires the doctors greets the kids	singular	plural	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The uncle that admires the friends understands the men	singular	plural	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that	The uncle that admires the guys approves the kids	singular	plural	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The uncle that admires the guys remembers the girls	singular	plural	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The uncle that admires the singers criticizes the victims	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The uncle that admires the victims inspires the singers	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The uncle that approves the carpenters engages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that approves the doctors greets the athletes	singular	plural	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The uncle that approves the mothers stimulates the friends	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The uncle that approves the victims stimulates the poets	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The uncle that avoids the carpenters observes the singers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that avoids the fathers confuses the boys	singular	plural	plural	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The uncle that avoids the lawyers approves the aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The uncle that avoids the mothers confuses the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The uncle that confuses the athletes engages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that confuses the farmers remembers the women	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the aunts understands the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the fathers avoids the farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the kids encourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the lawyers engages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that discourages the boys engages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that discourages the kids approves the guys	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The uncle that encourages the athletes avoids the boys	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that encourages the athletes knows the kids	singular	plural	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that	The uncle that engages the girls criticizes the friends	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that	The uncle that engages the singers admires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the athletes knows the kids	singular	plural	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the friends discourages the poets	singular	plural	plural	greet	discourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the lawyers knows the athletes	singular	plural	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the poets remembers the fathers	singular	plural	plural	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the poets understands the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the victims admires the friends	singular	plural	plural	greet	admire
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the athletes encourages the women	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the poets understands the victims	singular	plural	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the women discourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that knows the friends approves the doctors	singular	plural	plural	know	approve
subjrel_that	The uncle that knows the lawyers criticizes the men	singular	plural	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The uncle that observes the aunts encourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that observes the carpenters inspires the kids	singular	plural	plural	observe	inspire
subjrel_that	The uncle that observes the girls engages the men	singular	plural	plural	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that observes the victims engages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that remembers the fathers confuses the boys	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The uncle that remembers the teachers confuses the kids	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The uncle that stimulates the girls engages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that stimulates the men approves the singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The uncle that understands the athletes observes the fathers	singular	plural	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that understands the doctors approves the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The uncle that understands the friends inspires the boys	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspire
subjrel_that	The uncle that understands the mothers approves the women	singular	plural	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The uncle that understands the poets discourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The victim that admires the guys discourages the poets	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourage
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the carpenters stimulates the fathers	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the doctors greets the athletes	singular	plural	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the farmers knows the men	singular	plural	plural	approve	know
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the girls admires the boys	singular	plural	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the kids criticizes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the kids encourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the uncles inspires the friends	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that avoids the fathers discourages the women	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that	The victim that avoids the guys encourages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The victim that avoids the singers remembers the girls	singular	plural	plural	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the aunts admires the boys	singular	plural	plural	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the farmers approves the doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the girls avoids the farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the guys stimulates the athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the lawyers greets the guys	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the poets criticizes the men	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The victim that encourages the fathers understands the girls	singular	plural	plural	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The victim that encourages the poets greets the athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The victim that engages the guys greets the boys	singular	plural	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The victim that engages the singers observes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The victim that engages the uncles encourages the women	singular	plural	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that	The victim that greets the boys observes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The victim that greets the guys remembers the athletes	singular	plural	plural	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The victim that greets the lawyers remembers the singers	singular	plural	plural	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The victim that greets the lawyers stimulates the doctors	singular	plural	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The victim that inspires the athletes observes the boys	singular	plural	plural	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The victim that inspires the aunts avoids the girls	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The victim that inspires the doctors observes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The victim that inspires the girls avoids the aunts	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The victim that inspires the kids discourages the friends	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The victim that knows the farmers criticizes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The victim that knows the poets avoids the aunts	singular	plural	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The victim that observes the aunts knows the poets	singular	plural	plural	observe	know
subjrel_that	The victim that observes the boys approves the friends	singular	plural	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The victim that observes the carpenters engages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The victim that observes the carpenters remembers the teachers	singular	plural	plural	observe	remember
subjrel_that	The victim that observes the guys understands the aunts	singular	plural	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The victim that observes the men understands the doctors	singular	plural	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The victim that observes the poets encourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The victim that remembers the doctors approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that	The victim that remembers the doctors greets the poets	singular	plural	plural	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The victim that stimulates the fathers observes the singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that	The victim that stimulates the poets observes the women	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that	The victim that stimulates the singers confuses the uncles	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The victim that stimulates the teachers engages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The victim that understands the guys encourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that	The victim that understands the lawyers encourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that admires the carpenters engages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that	The woman that admires the fathers knows the uncles	singular	plural	plural	admire	know
subjrel_that	The woman that admires the girls observes the guys	singular	plural	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that	The woman that admires the mothers knows the uncles	singular	plural	plural	admire	know
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the athletes confuses the aunts	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the men stimulates the farmers	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the mothers admires the kids	singular	plural	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the singers confuses the mothers	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The woman that avoids the aunts greets the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The woman that avoids the aunts understands the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The woman that avoids the farmers stimulates the men	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that avoids the friends confuses the uncles	singular	plural	plural	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The woman that avoids the friends inspires the boys	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The woman that confuses the kids criticizes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The woman that confuses the lawyers engages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The woman that criticizes the aunts confuses the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that	The woman that criticizes the farmers remembers the men	singular	plural	plural	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The woman that criticizes the friends confuses the uncles	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that	The woman that criticizes the friends stimulates the teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that criticizes the men inspires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that	The woman that criticizes the mothers approves the doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The woman that discourages the boys criticizes the kids	singular	plural	plural	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The woman that discourages the carpenters knows the athletes	singular	plural	plural	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The woman that discourages the mothers admires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The woman that discourages the mothers knows the aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The woman that discourages the victims engages the boys	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The woman that encourages the doctors observes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the aunts remembers the singers	singular	plural	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the aunts understands the friends	singular	plural	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the boys stimulates the victims	singular	plural	plural	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the farmers confuses the singers	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The woman that engages the singers discourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the boys approves the kids	singular	plural	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the boys encourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the fathers engages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the men encourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that inspires the carpenters approves the aunts	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The woman that knows the mothers inspires the men	singular	plural	plural	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The woman that knows the mothers remembers the fathers	singular	plural	plural	know	remember
subjrel_that	The woman that knows the poets understands the men	singular	plural	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that	The woman that knows the teachers approves the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	know	approve
subjrel_that	The woman that knows the victims engages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the athletes admires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the aunts inspires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	observe	inspire
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the farmers knows the teachers	singular	plural	plural	observe	know
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the girls understands the uncles	singular	plural	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the lawyers understands the singers	singular	plural	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the teachers stimulates the athletes	singular	plural	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the uncles encourages the friends	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the victims admires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the victims confuses the boys	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The woman that remembers the farmers confuses the athletes	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The woman that remembers the farmers stimulates the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that remembers the guys stimulates the doctors	singular	plural	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that remembers the mothers approves the men	singular	plural	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that	The woman that stimulates the athletes engages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The woman that stimulates the kids approves the teachers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The woman that stimulates the uncles avoids the kids	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The woman that understands the farmers admires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The woman that understands the fathers admires the friends	singular	plural	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The athletes that admire the doctor know the singer	plural	singular	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The athletes that admire the farmer approve the doctor	plural	singular	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that admire the mother stimulate the poet	plural	singular	singular	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The athletes that approve the aunt engage the woman	plural	singular	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The athletes that approve the boy stimulate the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that	The athletes that approve the guy understand the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The athletes that approve the singer admire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The athletes that avoid the farmer criticize the guy	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that	The athletes that avoid the father confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The athletes that avoid the poet confuse the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The athletes that confuse the carpenter admire the friend	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admires
subjrel_that	The athletes that confuse the doctor approve the aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that confuse the poet greet the girl	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that confuse the uncle greet the doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that criticize the lawyer inspire the singer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that criticize the man inspire the singer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that criticize the poet confuse the uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that	The athletes that criticize the teacher admire the father	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The athletes that discourage the farmer understand the woman	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The athletes that discourage the guy understand the man	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The athletes that discourage the kid remember the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The athletes that discourage the lawyer admire the boy	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The athletes that discourage the man confuse the singer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The athletes that encourage the aunt admire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that	The athletes that encourage the doctor observe the farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The athletes that encourage the girl discourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that encourage the teacher greet the doctor	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that encourage the teacher greet the girl	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that engage the singer understand the doctor	plural	singular	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The athletes that greet the father discourage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that greet the guy remember the girl	plural	singular	singular	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The athletes that greet the lawyer inspire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the boy greet the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the lawyer avoid the farmer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the mother greet the aunt	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the poet engage the father	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the victim observe the doctor	plural	singular	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the woman understand the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the aunt approve the man	plural	singular	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the aunt criticize the mother	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the aunt observe the singer	plural	singular	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the aunt remember the woman	plural	singular	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the lawyer engage the woman	plural	singular	singular	knows	engages
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the man observe the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The athletes that observe the boy stimulate the teacher	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The athletes that observe the girl inspire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that observe the lawyer criticize the mother	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The athletes that observe the poet engage the man	plural	singular	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The athletes that remember the aunt greet the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that remember the boy admire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The athletes that remember the carpenter greet the mother	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that remember the man avoid the singer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that remember the mother observe the kid	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The athletes that remember the poet approve the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the aunt inspire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the lawyer inspire the boy	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the man know the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the poet remember the teacher	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The athletes that understand the doctor confuse the friend	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The athletes that understand the singer admire the poet	plural	singular	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that	The athletes that understand the uncle greet the friend	plural	singular	singular	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The aunts that admire the doctor inspire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that	The aunts that admire the poet discourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that admire the singer observe the girl	plural	singular	singular	admires	observes
subjrel_that	The aunts that admire the teacher avoid the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admires	avoids
subjrel_that	The aunts that admire the teacher remember the father	plural	singular	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that	The aunts that admire the woman discourage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that approve the farmer admire the girl	plural	singular	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The aunts that avoid the girl stimulate the father	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that	The aunts that avoid the guy criticize the singer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that	The aunts that confuse the teacher discourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that confuse the uncle encourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that criticize the lawyer admire the victim	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The aunts that criticize the man inspire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The aunts that discourage the athlete criticize the father	plural	singular	singular	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The aunts that discourage the athlete greet the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The aunts that discourage the doctor know the farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	knows
subjrel_that	The aunts that discourage the man stimulate the woman	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The aunts that encourage the kid avoid the athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The aunts that encourage the mother remember the father	plural	singular	singular	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The aunts that engage the carpenter criticize the poet	plural	singular	singular	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The aunts that greet the doctor know the uncle	plural	singular	singular	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The aunts that greet the father discourage the man	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that greet the man engage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The aunts that inspire the farmer know the kid	plural	singular	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that	The aunts that inspire the father engage the victim	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The aunts that inspire the teacher engage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The aunts that know the singer understand the guy	plural	singular	singular	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The aunts that observe the athlete avoid the kid	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The aunts that observe the guy know the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The aunts that observe the kid greet the woman	plural	singular	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The aunts that observe the singer approve the boy	plural	singular	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that	The aunts that remember the carpenter engage the girl	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The aunts that remember the doctor encourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that remember the doctor inspire the poet	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that	The aunts that remember the farmer criticize the doctor	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The aunts that remember the father stimulate the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The aunts that remember the guy criticize the singer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The aunts that remember the kid avoid the uncle	plural	singular	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The aunts that remember the singer understand the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The aunts that stimulate the girl criticize the victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The aunts that understand the athlete greet the father	plural	singular	singular	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The aunts that understand the father admire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that	The aunts that understand the father confuse the friend	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The aunts that understand the victim confuse the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The boys that admire the athlete approve the guy	plural	singular	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The boys that admire the athlete inspire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that	The boys that admire the farmer remember the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that admire the friend engage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The boys that admire the uncle encourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The boys that approve the carpenter inspire the kid	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The boys that approve the doctor greet the teacher	plural	singular	singular	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The boys that approve the father stimulate the kid	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that	The boys that approve the friend engage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The boys that approve the kid criticize the teacher	plural	singular	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The boys that approve the mother admire the girl	plural	singular	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that approve the teacher avoid the farmer	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The boys that approve the woman observe the uncle	plural	singular	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The boys that confuse the mother greet the aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that	The boys that confuse the victim know the woman	plural	singular	singular	confuses	knows
subjrel_that	The boys that criticize the doctor engage the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The boys that criticize the father approve the mother	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The boys that criticize the man avoid the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The boys that criticize the singer approve the mother	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The boys that criticize the uncle remember the friend	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that criticize the woman avoid the farmer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The boys that discourage the carpenter admire the woman	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that discourage the carpenter avoid the friend	plural	singular	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The boys that discourage the girl inspire the father	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The boys that discourage the victim confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The boys that encourage the farmer know the friend	plural	singular	singular	encourages	knows
subjrel_that	The boys that encourage the woman greet the uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the athlete remember the mother	plural	singular	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the aunt avoid the farmer	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the farmer admire the poet	plural	singular	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the friend greet the father	plural	singular	singular	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the girl remember the athlete	plural	singular	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the guy avoid the kid	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the woman remember the doctor	plural	singular	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that greet the carpenter admire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that greet the father stimulate the mother	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The boys that greet the lawyer inspire the kid	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The boys that inspire the father greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The boys that inspire the friend understand the teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that	The boys that inspire the kid criticize the aunt	plural	singular	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The boys that inspire the man stimulate the girl	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The boys that inspire the mother confuse the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The boys that know the carpenter avoid the singer	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoids
subjrel_that	The boys that know the father understand the guy	plural	singular	singular	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The boys that know the mother approve the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that	The boys that know the uncle observe the guy	plural	singular	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The boys that observe the athlete remember the kid	plural	singular	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that remember the lawyer understand the uncle	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The boys that remember the singer stimulate the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The boys that remember the victim admire the girl	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that remember the woman confuse the singer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that	The boys that remember the woman discourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The boys that stimulate the doctor admire the man	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that stimulate the friend criticize the father	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The boys that stimulate the guy greet the victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The boys that stimulate the lawyer inspire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The boys that stimulate the woman greet the man	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The boys that understand the athlete criticize the kid	plural	singular	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The boys that understand the doctor inspire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that	The boys that understand the farmer admire the girl	plural	singular	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that understand the singer confuse the woman	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The boys that understand the uncle know the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that	The boys that understand the uncle remember the athlete	plural	singular	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The carpenters that admire the aunt discourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that admire the lawyer stimulate the farmer	plural	singular	singular	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the aunt discourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the father admire the friend	plural	singular	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the father discourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the girl observe the guy	plural	singular	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the lawyer greet the poet	plural	singular	singular	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the lawyer inspire the friend	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that avoid the doctor know the guy	plural	singular	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The carpenters that avoid the farmer engage the girl	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that avoid the woman observe the poet	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that confuse the athlete inspire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that confuse the farmer avoid the victim	plural	singular	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that confuse the father approve the athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The carpenters that criticize the athlete inspire the woman	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that criticize the boy approve the mother	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The carpenters that criticize the father inspire the poet	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that criticize the friend remember the man	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The carpenters that criticize the guy inspire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that criticize the lawyer avoid the mother	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that criticize the victim engage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that discourage the athlete approve the doctor	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The carpenters that discourage the doctor admire the friend	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that discourage the father stimulate the kid	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The carpenters that discourage the man avoid the aunt	plural	singular	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that engage the guy observe the aunt	plural	singular	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that engage the woman remember the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The carpenters that greet the aunt encourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that greet the farmer observe the mother	plural	singular	singular	greets	observes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that greet the girl criticize the poet	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that greet the kid stimulate the teacher	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The carpenters that greet the lawyer understand the athlete	plural	singular	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that greet the victim remember the man	plural	singular	singular	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The carpenters that inspire the friend confuse the farmer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The carpenters that inspire the uncle criticize the girl	plural	singular	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that inspire the woman stimulate the teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The carpenters that know the aunt remember the kid	plural	singular	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The carpenters that know the father greet the singer	plural	singular	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The carpenters that know the girl stimulate the aunt	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The carpenters that know the man approve the athlete	plural	singular	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that	The carpenters that observe the lawyer know the victim	plural	singular	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The carpenters that observe the teacher discourage the father	plural	singular	singular	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that observe the teacher remember the friend	plural	singular	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The carpenters that observe the woman understand the poet	plural	singular	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that remember the aunt greet the athlete	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The carpenters that remember the girl engage the mother	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that remember the lawyer admire the man	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that remember the mother admire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that stimulate the friend observe the girl	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that stimulate the guy encourage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that stimulate the lawyer know the teacher	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that	The carpenters that stimulate the mother know the man	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that	The carpenters that stimulate the woman discourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that understand the boy remember the kid	plural	singular	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The carpenters that understand the farmer engage the man	plural	singular	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that understand the girl approve the farmer	plural	singular	singular	understands	approves
subjrel_that	The carpenters that understand the guy avoid the mother	plural	singular	singular	understands	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that understand the mother encourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that admire the farmer greet the woman	plural	singular	singular	admires	greets
subjrel_that	The doctors that admire the kid approve the guy	plural	singular	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The doctors that admire the man observe the uncle	plural	singular	singular	admires	observes
subjrel_that	The doctors that approve the aunt observe the girl	plural	singular	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The doctors that approve the friend avoid the athlete	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The doctors that approve the girl engage the mother	plural	singular	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The doctors that avoid the athlete engage the boy	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that	The doctors that avoid the friend admire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The doctors that avoid the victim approve the boy	plural	singular	singular	avoids	approves
subjrel_that	The doctors that confuse the girl criticize the woman	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The doctors that confuse the girl encourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that confuse the poet inspire the man	plural	singular	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The doctors that confuse the singer greet the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that	The doctors that confuse the uncle understand the friend	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that	The doctors that criticize the aunt discourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that criticize the singer approve the aunt	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The doctors that criticize the uncle remember the athlete	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the aunt avoid the athlete	plural	singular	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the father greet the kid	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the guy inspire the man	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the singer criticize the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The doctors that encourage the aunt discourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that encourage the lawyer criticize the guy	plural	singular	singular	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The doctors that encourage the teacher engage the kid	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The doctors that engage the boy discourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that engage the carpenter admire the mother	plural	singular	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The doctors that engage the singer discourage the man	plural	singular	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that greet the friend avoid the girl	plural	singular	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that	The doctors that greet the lawyer know the victim	plural	singular	singular	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The doctors that greet the teacher know the victim	plural	singular	singular	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The doctors that inspire the athlete stimulate the friend	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The doctors that inspire the aunt greet the uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The doctors that inspire the uncle discourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that know the farmer approve the aunt	plural	singular	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that	The doctors that know the friend approve the guy	plural	singular	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that	The doctors that know the kid stimulate the woman	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The doctors that know the man discourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that know the man inspire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The doctors that know the uncle avoid the athlete	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoids
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the aunt criticize the victim	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the lawyer greet the kid	plural	singular	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the teacher avoid the friend	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The doctors that remember the kid understand the uncle	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The doctors that remember the teacher criticize the farmer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The doctors that stimulate the athlete criticize the poet	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The doctors that stimulate the boy inspire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The doctors that stimulate the guy understand the man	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The doctors that stimulate the singer confuse the uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The doctors that stimulate the woman discourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that understand the father confuse the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The doctors that understand the father engage the boy	plural	singular	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that	The farmers that admire the boy inspire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that	The farmers that admire the kid encourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that admire the kid inspire the poet	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that	The farmers that approve the athlete know the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that	The farmers that approve the friend stimulate the boy	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that	The farmers that approve the teacher inspire the woman	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The farmers that avoid the boy admire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The farmers that avoid the carpenter engage the father	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that	The farmers that avoid the doctor approve the man	plural	singular	singular	avoids	approves
subjrel_that	The farmers that avoid the kid encourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that avoid the uncle observe the victim	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observes
subjrel_that	The farmers that confuse the aunt observe the victim	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The farmers that confuse the friend avoid the doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The farmers that confuse the poet encourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that confuse the poet stimulate the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The farmers that criticize the man approve the poet	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The farmers that criticize the victim avoid the girl	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The farmers that discourage the athlete greet the doctor	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that discourage the doctor avoid the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The farmers that discourage the man inspire the woman	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The farmers that discourage the uncle understand the woman	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The farmers that encourage the guy stimulate the woman	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The farmers that encourage the mother inspire the girl	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The farmers that engage the aunt understand the man	plural	singular	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The farmers that engage the man stimulate the girl	plural	singular	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The farmers that engage the woman observe the uncle	plural	singular	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The farmers that greet the poet approve the man	plural	singular	singular	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The farmers that greet the woman remember the boy	plural	singular	singular	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The farmers that inspire the athlete discourage the man	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that inspire the carpenter admire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The farmers that inspire the father avoid the girl	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The farmers that inspire the lawyer criticize the poet	plural	singular	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The farmers that inspire the poet encourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that inspire the woman stimulate the poet	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The farmers that know the boy greet the teacher	plural	singular	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that know the kid admire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The farmers that know the man encourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that know the singer criticize the girl	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that	The farmers that know the victim engage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	knows	engages
subjrel_that	The farmers that observe the friend criticize the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the athlete approve the victim	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the doctor avoid the boy	plural	singular	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the guy avoid the aunt	plural	singular	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the lawyer encourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the poet know the uncle	plural	singular	singular	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the uncle engage the girl	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The farmers that stimulate the kid greet the athlete	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that understand the poet criticize the singer	plural	singular	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The fathers that admire the aunt avoid the doctor	plural	singular	singular	admires	avoids
subjrel_that	The fathers that admire the poet observe the man	plural	singular	singular	admires	observes
subjrel_that	The fathers that approve the aunt engage the mother	plural	singular	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The fathers that approve the friend admire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The fathers that approve the mother engage the kid	plural	singular	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The fathers that approve the singer observe the farmer	plural	singular	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the aunt confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the lawyer know the aunt	plural	singular	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the mother criticize the doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the singer greet the woman	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The fathers that confuse the doctor criticize the guy	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The fathers that confuse the kid discourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that confuse the mother criticize the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The fathers that confuse the woman inspire the man	plural	singular	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The fathers that criticize the athlete discourage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that criticize the aunt avoid the poet	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The fathers that criticize the carpenter avoid the doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The fathers that criticize the friend avoid the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The fathers that discourage the athlete engage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engages
subjrel_that	The fathers that discourage the doctor engage the singer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engages
subjrel_that	The fathers that encourage the boy confuse the guy	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The fathers that encourage the doctor approve the poet	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that encourage the friend stimulate the doctor	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The fathers that encourage the lawyer inspire the singer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The fathers that encourage the man know the teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourages	knows
subjrel_that	The fathers that encourage the poet remember the mother	plural	singular	singular	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The fathers that encourage the teacher avoid the kid	plural	singular	singular	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The fathers that encourage the victim approve the doctor	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that encourage the woman approve the friend	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that engage the victim approve the guy	plural	singular	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that engage the victim know the athlete	plural	singular	singular	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The fathers that greet the uncle approve the farmer	plural	singular	singular	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that inspire the boy approve the woman	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that inspire the lawyer approve the woman	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that inspire the victim admire the friend	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The fathers that know the aunt discourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that observe the aunt understand the guy	plural	singular	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that	The fathers that observe the guy criticize the kid	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The fathers that observe the guy know the woman	plural	singular	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The fathers that observe the poet inspire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The fathers that remember the doctor approve the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that remember the singer discourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that stimulate the farmer confuse the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The fathers that stimulate the poet encourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that stimulate the poet understand the singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The fathers that understand the singer confuse the girl	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that admire the farmer remember the victim	plural	singular	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that	The friends that admire the guy confuse the aunt	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that admire the man confuse the guy	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that approve the girl know the kid	plural	singular	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that	The friends that approve the poet confuse the doctor	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that avoid the girl encourage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The friends that avoid the victim know the farmer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The friends that confuse the athlete avoid the guy	plural	singular	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The friends that confuse the aunt discourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The friends that confuse the man engage the girl	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The friends that criticize the lawyer confuse the woman	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that criticize the mother know the farmer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the aunt confuse the farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the boy confuse the athlete	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the carpenter stimulate the woman	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the girl encourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the guy remember the father	plural	singular	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the mother avoid the aunt	plural	singular	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the mother remember the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the teacher avoid the singer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The friends that encourage the singer observe the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The friends that encourage the uncle discourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The friends that engage the woman admire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The friends that engage the woman understand the guy	plural	singular	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The friends that greet the aunt remember the boy	plural	singular	singular	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The friends that greet the boy criticize the poet	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that	The friends that greet the doctor understand the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that	The friends that greet the father criticize the athlete	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that	The friends that greet the guy admire the father	plural	singular	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The friends that greet the kid discourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The friends that greet the lawyer remember the guy	plural	singular	singular	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The friends that greet the singer avoid the aunt	plural	singular	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that	The friends that inspire the boy criticize the woman	plural	singular	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The friends that inspire the carpenter approve the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The friends that inspire the teacher avoid the victim	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The friends that know the aunt understand the victim	plural	singular	singular	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The friends that know the farmer confuse the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that know the poet admire the mother	plural	singular	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The friends that know the poet criticize the mother	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that	The friends that know the poet encourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourages
subjrel_that	The friends that know the woman remember the farmer	plural	singular	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The friends that observe the doctor greet the uncle	plural	singular	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The friends that observe the farmer confuse the uncle	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that observe the lawyer stimulate the father	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The friends that remember the singer engage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The friends that remember the uncle admire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The friends that remember the woman discourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The friends that stimulate the guy criticize the boy	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The friends that stimulate the singer confuse the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that understand the lawyer stimulate the woman	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The friends that understand the mother inspire the girl	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that	The friends that understand the singer engage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that	The friends that understand the woman know the mother	plural	singular	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that admire the farmer avoid the singer	plural	singular	singular	admires	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that admire the father discourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that	The girls that admire the guy know the man	plural	singular	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that admire the teacher know the doctor	plural	singular	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that approve the doctor know the woman	plural	singular	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that approve the victim stimulate the uncle	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that	The girls that approve the woman criticize the mother	plural	singular	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The girls that avoid the guy inspire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The girls that avoid the lawyer remember the athlete	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The girls that avoid the poet know the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the kid discourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the man understand the singer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the poet inspire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the poet know the victim	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the uncle engage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the uncle understand the boy	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the woman admire the boy	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The girls that discourage the poet approve the woman	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The girls that encourage the aunt know the woman	plural	singular	singular	encourages	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that encourage the kid avoid the singer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that encourage the poet stimulate the victim	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The girls that encourage the singer understand the victim	plural	singular	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The girls that engage the doctor know the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that engage the uncle admire the singer	plural	singular	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The girls that engage the woman greet the friend	plural	singular	singular	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The girls that greet the boy criticize the father	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that	The girls that inspire the athlete know the friend	plural	singular	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that inspire the singer observe the guy	plural	singular	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The girls that inspire the victim discourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The girls that know the friend stimulate the teacher	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The girls that know the teacher confuse the singer	plural	singular	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The girls that know the uncle discourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourages
subjrel_that	The girls that observe the doctor remember the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The girls that observe the lawyer approve the man	plural	singular	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that	The girls that observe the lawyer avoid the farmer	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that observe the man encourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The girls that observe the uncle remember the woman	plural	singular	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The girls that remember the man encourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The girls that remember the poet approve the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The girls that remember the poet criticize the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The girls that remember the poet know the athlete	plural	singular	singular	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that remember the singer observe the uncle	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The girls that remember the teacher inspire the woman	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that	The girls that remember the victim approve the man	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The girls that stimulate the father know the uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that stimulate the kid remember the friend	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The girls that stimulate the kid remember the singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The girls that stimulate the woman know the doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that understand the athlete discourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The girls that understand the carpenter know the friend	plural	singular	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that understand the farmer remember the uncle	plural	singular	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The girls that understand the teacher discourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The girls that understand the teacher remember the man	plural	singular	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The guys that admire the athlete encourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that admire the athlete observe the singer	plural	singular	singular	admires	observes
subjrel_that	The guys that admire the friend encourage the man	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the farmer observe the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the singer discourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that confuse the boy understand the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that	The guys that confuse the girl approve the teacher	plural	singular	singular	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that confuse the man stimulate the girl	plural	singular	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The guys that confuse the teacher admire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admires
subjrel_that	The guys that confuse the uncle encourage the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that confuse the woman engage the man	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The guys that discourage the boy approve the singer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that discourage the friend criticize the singer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The guys that discourage the girl admire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The guys that discourage the mother inspire the man	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the mother admire the girl	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the uncle discourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the woman approve the girl	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the friend avoid the mother	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the friend discourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the man approve the friend	plural	singular	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the man observe the doctor	plural	singular	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the man stimulate the teacher	plural	singular	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the teacher understand the kid	plural	singular	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the uncle understand the aunt	plural	singular	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The guys that greet the athlete confuse the mother	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The guys that greet the athlete encourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that greet the doctor approve the poet	plural	singular	singular	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that greet the uncle observe the farmer	plural	singular	singular	greets	observes
subjrel_that	The guys that inspire the lawyer greet the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The guys that inspire the teacher avoid the girl	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The guys that know the aunt remember the man	plural	singular	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The guys that know the mother stimulate the teacher	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The guys that know the singer admire the friend	plural	singular	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The guys that observe the doctor encourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that observe the friend approve the father	plural	singular	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that observe the mother engage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the doctor encourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the singer approve the friend	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the uncle confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that	The guys that stimulate the father approve the kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that stimulate the teacher inspire the woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The guys that understand the athlete confuse the man	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The guys that understand the aunt greet the singer	plural	singular	singular	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The kids that admire the boy engage the singer	plural	singular	singular	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that admire the farmer approve the woman	plural	singular	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The kids that admire the lawyer engage the father	plural	singular	singular	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that approve the athlete remember the poet	plural	singular	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The kids that approve the aunt confuse the farmer	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that approve the carpenter inspire the mother	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The kids that approve the carpenter inspire the poet	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The kids that approve the doctor remember the woman	plural	singular	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The kids that approve the poet confuse the uncle	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that avoid the boy observe the poet	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that avoid the carpenter admire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The kids that avoid the friend inspire the woman	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The kids that avoid the poet confuse the boy	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that avoid the uncle encourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The kids that confuse the boy inspire the poet	plural	singular	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The kids that confuse the girl admire the man	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admires
subjrel_that	The kids that confuse the mother understand the aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that	The kids that confuse the singer observe the aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that criticize the father admire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The kids that discourage the farmer greet the uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The kids that discourage the singer observe the man	plural	singular	singular	discourages	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that encourage the athlete stimulate the boy	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The kids that encourage the boy confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that encourage the boy stimulate the teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The kids that encourage the farmer inspire the mother	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The kids that encourage the friend avoid the boy	plural	singular	singular	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The kids that engage the farmer understand the boy	plural	singular	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The kids that engage the guy inspire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	engages	inspires
subjrel_that	The kids that engage the teacher admire the singer	plural	singular	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The kids that greet the athlete inspire the mother	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The kids that greet the aunt admire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The kids that inspire the friend avoid the uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The kids that inspire the girl stimulate the poet	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The kids that know the farmer approve the teacher	plural	singular	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that	The kids that know the friend remember the boy	plural	singular	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The kids that know the girl avoid the mother	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoids
subjrel_that	The kids that know the man avoid the teacher	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoids
subjrel_that	The kids that know the uncle avoid the farmer	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoids
subjrel_that	The kids that observe the father know the girl	plural	singular	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The kids that observe the uncle engage the woman	plural	singular	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that observe the woman admire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observes	admires
subjrel_that	The kids that remember the farmer engage the guy	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that stimulate the athlete understand the woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The kids that stimulate the aunt remember the woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The kids that stimulate the carpenter approve the man	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that	The kids that stimulate the doctor criticize the aunt	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The kids that stimulate the girl remember the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The kids that understand the carpenter discourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that admire the athlete encourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that admire the carpenter approve the farmer	plural	singular	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The lawyers that admire the carpenter criticize the girl	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that admire the doctor remember the singer	plural	singular	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that	The lawyers that admire the girl greet the doctor	plural	singular	singular	admires	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the aunt observe the athlete	plural	singular	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the farmer inspire the poet	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the mother understand the man	plural	singular	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the uncle remember the boy	plural	singular	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The lawyers that avoid the boy criticize the girl	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that avoid the father encourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that avoid the father inspire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that avoid the mother inspire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that confuse the father know the singer	plural	singular	singular	confuses	knows
subjrel_that	The lawyers that confuse the kid inspire the friend	plural	singular	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that criticize the farmer discourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that criticize the woman approve the man	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The lawyers that discourage the kid stimulate the boy	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that discourage the man engage the mother	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that discourage the poet remember the woman	plural	singular	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the doctor stimulate the victim	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the father engage the poet	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the friend greet the girl	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the kid remember the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the man engage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the mother engage the singer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the victim observe the aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that engage the athlete observe the girl	plural	singular	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that engage the singer encourage the man	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the boy discourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the man know the singer	plural	singular	singular	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the mother approve the poet	plural	singular	singular	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the mother engage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the mother stimulate the singer	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that inspire the farmer approve the girl	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The lawyers that inspire the victim confuse the father	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The lawyers that know the aunt observe the father	plural	singular	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the athlete avoid the singer	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the girl confuse the kid	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the kid stimulate the victim	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the man confuse the victim	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the woman criticize the poet	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the boy engage the friend	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the farmer admire the girl	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the friend understand the boy	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the guy criticize the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the teacher criticize the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the woman inspire the man	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that stimulate the mother approve the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that	The lawyers that stimulate the uncle greet the athlete	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that understand the carpenter greet the friend	plural	singular	singular	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that understand the mother criticize the doctor	plural	singular	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that admire the singer criticize the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that admire the woman remember the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that	The men that approve the carpenter remember the boy	plural	singular	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The men that approve the poet confuse the kid	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that	The men that avoid the boy know the friend	plural	singular	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The men that avoid the farmer stimulate the poet	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that confuse the athlete engage the guy	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The men that confuse the uncle criticize the father	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the girl inspire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the poet avoid the girl	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the poet understand the friend	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the boy encourage the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the doctor inspire the girl	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the farmer inspire the kid	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the farmer inspire the poet	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the lawyer admire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the woman admire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that	The men that engage the boy avoid the athlete	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The men that engage the father avoid the doctor	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The men that engage the uncle stimulate the poet	plural	singular	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that inspire the singer observe the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The men that inspire the uncle approve the victim	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The men that inspire the woman encourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The men that inspire the woman engage the friend	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The men that know the poet understand the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The men that observe the farmer avoid the friend	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The men that observe the farmer avoid the teacher	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The men that observe the guy avoid the farmer	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The men that remember the athlete discourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The men that remember the friend criticize the guy	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that remember the guy understand the athlete	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The men that remember the poet greet the woman	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The men that stimulate the guy encourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The men that stimulate the guy inspire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The men that understand the friend greet the mother	plural	singular	singular	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The mothers that admire the aunt know the athlete	plural	singular	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The mothers that admire the farmer discourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that admire the father avoid the athlete	plural	singular	singular	admires	avoids
subjrel_that	The mothers that admire the friend approve the singer	plural	singular	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that approve the guy avoid the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The mothers that approve the singer know the boy	plural	singular	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that	The mothers that avoid the singer encourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that avoid the victim approve the poet	plural	singular	singular	avoids	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that confuse the boy inspire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The mothers that confuse the carpenter admire the kid	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admires
subjrel_that	The mothers that confuse the doctor criticize the girl	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The mothers that confuse the girl understand the guy	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that	The mothers that confuse the guy inspire the friend	plural	singular	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The mothers that confuse the uncle discourage the father	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that criticize the boy observe the athlete	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The mothers that criticize the guy greet the farmer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that	The mothers that criticize the teacher inspire the father	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The mothers that criticize the woman approve the kid	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that discourage the man stimulate the athlete	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that encourage the boy understand the singer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The mothers that encourage the uncle engage the singer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The mothers that encourage the victim admire the guy	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that	The mothers that encourage the woman avoid the victim	plural	singular	singular	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The mothers that engage the aunt avoid the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The mothers that engage the farmer approve the poet	plural	singular	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that engage the friend encourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the farmer admire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the girl admire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the man remember the victim	plural	singular	singular	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The mothers that inspire the aunt discourage the father	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that inspire the farmer engage the friend	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The mothers that inspire the uncle observe the doctor	plural	singular	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The mothers that know the athlete confuse the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The mothers that know the athlete engage the singer	plural	singular	singular	knows	engages
subjrel_that	The mothers that know the carpenter greet the man	plural	singular	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the carpenter discourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the friend stimulate the father	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the girl understand the aunt	plural	singular	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the man inspire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the poet confuse the guy	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the victim understand the poet	plural	singular	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that	The mothers that remember the doctor discourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that remember the doctor know the aunt	plural	singular	singular	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The mothers that remember the girl discourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that remember the kid engage the woman	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The mothers that remember the kid observe the girl	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The mothers that remember the woman greet the singer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The mothers that stimulate the boy understand the teacher	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The mothers that stimulate the doctor remember the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The mothers that stimulate the man confuse the aunt	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The mothers that understand the aunt greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The mothers that understand the carpenter discourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that understand the farmer confuse the poet	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The mothers that understand the friend know the boy	plural	singular	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that	The mothers that understand the lawyer stimulate the boy	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that understand the man observe the friend	plural	singular	singular	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The mothers that understand the singer confuse the kid	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The mothers that understand the victim inspire the boy	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that admire the farmer remember the boy	plural	singular	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that	The poets that admire the uncle avoid the man	plural	singular	singular	admires	avoids
subjrel_that	The poets that admire the uncle engage the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The poets that approve the mother remember the friend	plural	singular	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The poets that avoid the athlete greet the boy	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that avoid the athlete know the man	plural	singular	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The poets that avoid the carpenter stimulate the athlete	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that	The poets that avoid the woman criticize the man	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the carpenter stimulate the guy	plural	singular	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the lawyer remember the girl	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the mother observe the man	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the farmer greet the aunt	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the girl admire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the kid engage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The poets that discourage the guy encourage the man	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that discourage the guy observe the mother	plural	singular	singular	discourages	observes
subjrel_that	The poets that discourage the man confuse the girl	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that discourage the victim stimulate the man	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The poets that encourage the farmer approve the girl	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The poets that engage the father admire the mother	plural	singular	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the guy observe the uncle	plural	singular	singular	greets	observes
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the mother know the farmer	plural	singular	singular	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the singer confuse the mother	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the uncle discourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the uncle observe the friend	plural	singular	singular	greets	observes
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the uncle understand the boy	plural	singular	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the woman confuse the mother	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that inspire the athlete know the boy	plural	singular	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that	The poets that inspire the doctor admire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The poets that inspire the father admire the mother	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The poets that inspire the man observe the uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The poets that inspire the uncle confuse the singer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that inspire the uncle encourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that know the farmer observe the guy	plural	singular	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The poets that know the farmer remember the aunt	plural	singular	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The poets that know the singer criticize the doctor	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that	The poets that know the victim greet the woman	plural	singular	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that observe the boy greet the uncle	plural	singular	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that observe the father approve the victim	plural	singular	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that	The poets that remember the father greet the man	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that remember the girl criticize the friend	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The poets that remember the mother discourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The poets that remember the woman criticize the friend	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The poets that stimulate the doctor confuse the athlete	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that stimulate the kid observe the guy	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the aunt remember the friend	plural	singular	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the boy criticize the teacher	plural	singular	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the friend observe the guy	plural	singular	singular	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The singers that admire the mother approve the farmer	plural	singular	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The singers that admire the teacher avoid the guy	plural	singular	singular	admires	avoids
subjrel_that	The singers that approve the poet understand the aunt	plural	singular	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The singers that approve the poet understand the doctor	plural	singular	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The singers that approve the uncle remember the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The singers that confuse the poet greet the man	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that	The singers that criticize the boy engage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The singers that criticize the friend avoid the athlete	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The singers that criticize the girl discourage the man	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The singers that criticize the lawyer stimulate the aunt	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The singers that criticize the poet observe the kid	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The singers that discourage the guy stimulate the athlete	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The singers that discourage the man criticize the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The singers that encourage the farmer stimulate the guy	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The singers that engage the athlete stimulate the farmer	plural	singular	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The singers that engage the lawyer remember the victim	plural	singular	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The singers that engage the mother encourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The singers that engage the poet encourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The singers that engage the uncle approve the teacher	plural	singular	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that	The singers that engage the victim understand the woman	plural	singular	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The singers that greet the father confuse the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The singers that greet the girl approve the guy	plural	singular	singular	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The singers that greet the kid confuse the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The singers that greet the man engage the guy	plural	singular	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The singers that inspire the boy encourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The singers that inspire the doctor engage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The singers that inspire the woman approve the athlete	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The singers that know the carpenter confuse the mother	plural	singular	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The singers that know the doctor inspire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The singers that know the farmer stimulate the aunt	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The singers that know the poet greet the father	plural	singular	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The singers that know the teacher understand the poet	plural	singular	singular	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The singers that observe the athlete confuse the uncle	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The singers that observe the father discourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The singers that observe the teacher encourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the guy observe the victim	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the lawyer approve the athlete	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the uncle know the girl	plural	singular	singular	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the uncle understand the farmer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the woman avoid the friend	plural	singular	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The singers that stimulate the carpenter greet the doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The singers that stimulate the man approve the poet	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that	The singers that understand the lawyer admire the kid	plural	singular	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that	The singers that understand the woman greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The teachers that admire the athlete approve the mother	plural	singular	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The teachers that admire the aunt remember the uncle	plural	singular	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that admire the father engage the mother	plural	singular	singular	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The teachers that admire the lawyer encourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that approve the mother stimulate the kid	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that	The teachers that approve the woman avoid the aunt	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The teachers that avoid the athlete greet the uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The teachers that avoid the carpenter observe the victim	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observes
subjrel_that	The teachers that avoid the farmer greet the girl	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The teachers that avoid the friend greet the girl	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The teachers that avoid the lawyer discourage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that avoid the poet approve the victim	plural	singular	singular	avoids	approves
subjrel_that	The teachers that confuse the aunt encourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that confuse the farmer engage the boy	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The teachers that confuse the father inspire the victim	plural	singular	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The teachers that confuse the singer remember the woman	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that confuse the woman greet the girl	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that	The teachers that criticize the uncle discourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that discourage the athlete engage the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engages
subjrel_that	The teachers that discourage the carpenter understand the aunt	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The teachers that discourage the doctor encourage the girl	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that encourage the boy admire the poet	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that encourage the girl admire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the athlete stimulate the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the carpenter approve the poet	plural	singular	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the father observe the farmer	plural	singular	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the girl avoid the doctor	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The teachers that greet the carpenter avoid the mother	plural	singular	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that	The teachers that inspire the doctor admire the singer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that inspire the farmer greet the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The teachers that inspire the girl admire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that inspire the guy approve the aunt	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The teachers that inspire the mother stimulate the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The teachers that inspire the singer engage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the doctor confuse the father	plural	singular	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the farmer inspire the poet	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the kid greet the doctor	plural	singular	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the man understand the farmer	plural	singular	singular	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the singer admire the man	plural	singular	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that observe the father understand the kid	plural	singular	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that	The teachers that observe the kid confuse the woman	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The teachers that observe the uncle know the father	plural	singular	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The teachers that remember the singer understand the farmer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the athlete approve the aunt	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the carpenter criticize the woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the friend understand the poet	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the guy inspire the kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the victim discourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that understand the kid observe the victim	plural	singular	singular	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The uncles that admire the farmer encourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that admire the guy greet the farmer	plural	singular	singular	admires	greets
subjrel_that	The uncles that admire the lawyer discourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that admire the mother observe the father	plural	singular	singular	admires	observes
subjrel_that	The uncles that approve the aunt observe the man	plural	singular	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The uncles that avoid the boy observe the singer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observes
subjrel_that	The uncles that avoid the friend know the mother	plural	singular	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the athlete encourage the father	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the aunt encourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the farmer remember the mother	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the guy observe the singer	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the man understand the farmer	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the mother engage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the poet remember the kid	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The uncles that criticize the aunt confuse the friend	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that	The uncles that criticize the boy admire the mother	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The uncles that criticize the carpenter inspire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The uncles that criticize the farmer approve the aunt	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The uncles that criticize the farmer approve the victim	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The uncles that criticize the guy engage the boy	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the athlete avoid the aunt	plural	singular	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the aunt approve the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the carpenter greet the singer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the farmer approve the woman	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the friend observe the guy	plural	singular	singular	discourages	observes
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the teacher engage the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the teacher know the athlete	plural	singular	singular	discourages	knows
subjrel_that	The uncles that encourage the athlete discourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that encourage the doctor approve the father	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The uncles that encourage the father approve the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The uncles that encourage the kid avoid the poet	plural	singular	singular	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The uncles that encourage the man know the kid	plural	singular	singular	encourages	knows
subjrel_that	The uncles that encourage the mother remember the farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The uncles that engage the carpenter stimulate the victim	plural	singular	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The uncles that engage the kid avoid the father	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The uncles that engage the mother confuse the aunt	plural	singular	singular	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The uncles that engage the poet avoid the kid	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The uncles that greet the kid avoid the aunt	plural	singular	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that	The uncles that greet the singer inspire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The uncles that greet the victim discourage the man	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that inspire the carpenter confuse the athlete	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The uncles that inspire the carpenter know the doctor	plural	singular	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that	The uncles that inspire the doctor admire the man	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The uncles that inspire the guy avoid the friend	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The uncles that inspire the kid criticize the man	plural	singular	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that inspire the lawyer stimulate the mother	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The uncles that inspire the woman stimulate the boy	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The uncles that know the friend remember the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The uncles that know the teacher greet the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The uncles that observe the carpenter discourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that observe the mother approve the poet	plural	singular	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that	The uncles that observe the singer greet the friend	plural	singular	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The uncles that remember the singer observe the man	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The uncles that remember the victim criticize the farmer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that stimulate the singer inspire the woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The uncles that stimulate the teacher greet the aunt	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The uncles that stimulate the woman inspire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The uncles that understand the aunt criticize the boy	plural	singular	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that understand the aunt criticize the farmer	plural	singular	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that understand the father admire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that	The uncles that understand the kid encourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that understand the man admire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that	The victims that admire the guy approve the athlete	plural	singular	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The victims that approve the athlete know the mother	plural	singular	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that	The victims that approve the farmer remember the girl	plural	singular	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The victims that approve the man understand the mother	plural	singular	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The victims that approve the teacher greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The victims that avoid the aunt confuse the friend	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The victims that avoid the friend observe the kid	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observes
subjrel_that	The victims that avoid the mother encourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The victims that confuse the doctor stimulate the athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The victims that confuse the man encourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The victims that confuse the man understand the singer	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that	The victims that confuse the teacher avoid the friend	plural	singular	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The victims that confuse the uncle criticize the aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The victims that criticize the athlete avoid the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The victims that criticize the guy engage the poet	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The victims that criticize the mother discourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The victims that discourage the doctor approve the father	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The victims that discourage the mother observe the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourages	observes
subjrel_that	The victims that encourage the mother approve the teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The victims that encourage the poet greet the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The victims that encourage the singer observe the aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The victims that encourage the uncle confuse the guy	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The victims that encourage the woman approve the teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The victims that engage the boy inspire the friend	plural	singular	singular	engages	inspires
subjrel_that	The victims that engage the girl greet the poet	plural	singular	singular	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The victims that engage the lawyer admire the man	plural	singular	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The victims that engage the teacher confuse the woman	plural	singular	singular	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The victims that greet the singer admire the father	plural	singular	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The victims that inspire the teacher encourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The victims that know the girl approve the guy	plural	singular	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that	The victims that know the man encourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourages
subjrel_that	The victims that observe the father approve the athlete	plural	singular	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that	The victims that observe the teacher inspire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The victims that remember the athlete confuse the friend	plural	singular	singular	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that	The victims that remember the boy approve the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The victims that remember the poet know the kid	plural	singular	singular	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The victims that stimulate the farmer remember the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The victims that stimulate the woman remember the friend	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The victims that understand the athlete stimulate the farmer	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The victims that understand the singer criticize the father	plural	singular	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The women that admire the aunt know the father	plural	singular	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The women that admire the aunt understand the father	plural	singular	singular	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The women that admire the farmer understand the friend	plural	singular	singular	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The women that admire the guy confuse the poet	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The women that admire the poet stimulate the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The women that approve the kid remember the friend	plural	singular	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The women that approve the mother avoid the father	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The women that avoid the father admire the friend	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The women that avoid the poet engage the friend	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that	The women that avoid the victim remember the boy	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The women that confuse the teacher greet the aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that	The women that confuse the uncle avoid the aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The women that criticize the father greet the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that	The women that criticize the mother observe the kid	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The women that criticize the victim engage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The women that discourage the boy greet the farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The women that discourage the carpenter know the teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourages	knows
subjrel_that	The women that discourage the mother engage the kid	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engages
subjrel_that	The women that discourage the singer inspire the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The women that discourage the victim encourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that	The women that encourage the boy discourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The women that encourage the boy greet the victim	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The women that engage the mother remember the uncle	plural	singular	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The women that engage the victim confuse the girl	plural	singular	singular	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The women that greet the aunt avoid the victim	plural	singular	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that	The women that greet the father inspire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The women that greet the poet confuse the uncle	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The women that inspire the carpenter confuse the girl	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The women that inspire the friend greet the teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The women that inspire the lawyer understand the aunt	plural	singular	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that	The women that know the boy discourage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourages
subjrel_that	The women that know the doctor observe the mother	plural	singular	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The women that know the kid observe the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The women that know the poet criticize the aunt	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that	The women that observe the aunt discourage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The women that remember the aunt greet the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The women that remember the guy greet the uncle	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The women that remember the man criticize the guy	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The women that stimulate the aunt remember the singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The women that stimulate the boy discourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that	The women that stimulate the friend engage the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that	The women that understand the victim observe the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The women that understand the victim stimulate the farmer	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The athletes that admire the farmer criticize the mothers	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The athletes that admire the kid discourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that approve the poet confuse the women	plural	singular	plural	approves	confuses
subjrel_that	The athletes that avoid the doctor approve the friends	plural	singular	plural	avoids	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that avoid the farmer encourage the kids	plural	singular	plural	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that avoid the mother know the fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The athletes that confuse the father engage the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The athletes that confuse the guy avoid the doctors	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that confuse the uncle stimulate the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The athletes that criticize the kid engage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The athletes that criticize the lawyer admire the friends	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The athletes that criticize the mother observe the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The athletes that discourage the woman criticize the men	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The athletes that encourage the father understand the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The athletes that encourage the poet approve the women	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that engage the girl encourage the friends	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that greet the aunt avoid the poets	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that greet the father engage the friends	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the aunt encourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the doctor remember the men	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the man approve the girls	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the man observe the girls	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the mother admire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the singer avoid the fathers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the boy confuse the fathers	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The athletes that observe the carpenter inspire the girls	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that observe the carpenter remember the uncles	plural	singular	plural	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The athletes that observe the friend approve the guys	plural	singular	plural	observes	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that observe the mother admire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	observes	admires
subjrel_that	The athletes that observe the poet confuse the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The athletes that observe the teacher greet the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that observe the uncle engage the poets	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The athletes that observe the woman engage the poets	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The athletes that remember the girl discourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that remember the lawyer engage the friends	plural	singular	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the aunt avoid the doctors	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the friend remember the singers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the girl avoid the doctors	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the man remember the mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the uncle avoid the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that understand the doctor observe the guys	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The athletes that understand the mother admire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
subjrel_that	The aunts that admire the girl approve the teachers	plural	singular	plural	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The aunts that admire the victim approve the women	plural	singular	plural	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The aunts that approve the friend criticize the singers	plural	singular	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The aunts that approve the friend greet the girls	plural	singular	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The aunts that approve the guy confuse the athletes	plural	singular	plural	approves	confuses
subjrel_that	The aunts that avoid the doctor greet the fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The aunts that confuse the athlete approve the singers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The aunts that confuse the victim observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The aunts that confuse the woman remember the uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The aunts that criticize the mother inspire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The aunts that criticize the poet know the farmers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that	The aunts that criticize the woman admire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The aunts that discourage the athlete greet the victims	plural	singular	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The aunts that discourage the farmer approve the athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The aunts that discourage the girl confuse the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The aunts that discourage the kid observe the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
subjrel_that	The aunts that discourage the mother encourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that encourage the athlete understand the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The aunts that encourage the boy know the women	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
subjrel_that	The aunts that encourage the kid discourage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that encourage the lawyer discourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that engage the doctor observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The aunts that engage the guy discourage the kids	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that engage the uncle observe the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The aunts that engage the uncle understand the guys	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The aunts that engage the victim remember the poets	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The aunts that greet the doctor engage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The aunts that greet the lawyer criticize the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that	The aunts that greet the lawyer understand the singers	plural	singular	plural	greets	understands
subjrel_that	The aunts that inspire the boy know the poets	plural	singular	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that	The aunts that inspire the girl approve the uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The aunts that inspire the mother admire the victims	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The aunts that know the boy admire the guys	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The aunts that know the farmer confuse the fathers	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The aunts that know the father greet the athletes	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The aunts that know the man understand the victims	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The aunts that observe the father admire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	observes	admires
subjrel_that	The aunts that observe the lawyer encourage the guys	plural	singular	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that observe the singer confuse the doctors	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The aunts that observe the singer criticize the victims	plural	singular	plural	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The aunts that remember the girl know the fathers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The aunts that remember the woman confuse the guys	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that	The aunts that stimulate the friend engage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that	The boys that admire the aunt criticize the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The boys that admire the farmer remember the uncles	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that admire the victim criticize the guys	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The boys that approve the kid admire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that avoid the aunt stimulate the girls	plural	singular	plural	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that	The boys that avoid the guy criticize the victims	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that	The boys that avoid the kid criticize the friends	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that	The boys that avoid the lawyer admire the men	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that avoid the man confuse the doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The boys that avoid the poet remember the men	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that avoid the teacher encourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The boys that confuse the guy admire the aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuses	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that confuse the kid admire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that criticize the friend observe the mothers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The boys that criticize the guy engage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The boys that criticize the man admire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that discourage the athlete observe the singers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
subjrel_that	The boys that discourage the father avoid the poets	plural	singular	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The boys that discourage the lawyer criticize the women	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The boys that discourage the man approve the doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the guy avoid the teachers	plural	singular	plural	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the guy understand the men	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the lawyer admire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the man know the women	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the teacher remember the uncles	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that greet the kid discourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The boys that greet the mother remember the women	plural	singular	plural	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that inspire the guy greet the mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The boys that inspire the mother know the women	plural	singular	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that	The boys that inspire the woman stimulate the men	plural	singular	plural	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The boys that know the poet confuse the doctors	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The boys that observe the mother admire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	observes	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that observe the singer greet the kids	plural	singular	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The boys that observe the uncle stimulate the athletes	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The boys that remember the aunt know the teachers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The boys that remember the farmer stimulate the kids	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The boys that stimulate the farmer understand the doctors	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The boys that stimulate the kid understand the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The boys that stimulate the mother discourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that	The boys that understand the mother encourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that admire the farmer criticize the victims	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the boy remember the friends	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the boy understand the farmers	plural	singular	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the father remember the aunts	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the guy avoid the kids	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the poet understand the men	plural	singular	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the singer encourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that avoid the aunt criticize the guys	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that avoid the aunt inspire the boys	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that avoid the poet remember the farmers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The carpenters that avoid the victim understand the aunts	plural	singular	plural	avoids	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that criticize the lawyer remember the women	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The carpenters that discourage the farmer criticize the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that discourage the uncle inspire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that encourage the aunt understand the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that encourage the girl inspire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that encourage the woman understand the fathers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that engage the farmer discourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that engage the guy encourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that engage the singer understand the women	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that engage the uncle encourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that engage the victim discourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that greet the aunt approve the guys	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The carpenters that greet the aunt engage the kids	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that greet the man criticize the friends	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that inspire the victim avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that inspire the woman discourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that know the poet greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The carpenters that observe the singer avoid the fathers	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that observe the teacher remember the women	plural	singular	plural	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The carpenters that remember the man inspire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that remember the teacher stimulate the friends	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The carpenters that stimulate the farmer admire the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that stimulate the father admire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that stimulate the guy avoid the poets	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that stimulate the guy understand the mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that stimulate the poet confuse the singers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The carpenters that understand the father criticize the friends	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that understand the father remember the doctors	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The carpenters that understand the singer remember the girls	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The doctors that admire the aunt discourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that admire the father stimulate the athletes	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The doctors that admire the guy understand the men	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The doctors that admire the singer remember the girls	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
subjrel_that	The doctors that approve the girl remember the singers	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The doctors that approve the man discourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that approve the mother discourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that approve the victim encourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that avoid the boy greet the poets	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The doctors that avoid the carpenter discourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that avoid the man admire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The doctors that avoid the victim know the women	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The doctors that confuse the girl observe the singers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The doctors that confuse the kid know the uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that	The doctors that criticize the boy engage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the boy inspire the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the carpenter approve the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the farmer approve the mothers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the father criticize the mothers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the man criticize the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the mother inspire the poets	plural	singular	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the teacher admire the victims	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The doctors that encourage the boy observe the victims	plural	singular	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The doctors that encourage the farmer approve the aunts	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The doctors that encourage the friend inspire the men	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The doctors that engage the girl discourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that engage the uncle confuse the athletes	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The doctors that greet the carpenter discourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that greet the farmer know the athletes	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The doctors that greet the father avoid the guys	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that	The doctors that greet the friend engage the guys	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The doctors that greet the guy approve the poets	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The doctors that inspire the athlete confuse the uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The doctors that inspire the carpenter greet the singers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The doctors that inspire the father know the mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that	The doctors that inspire the mother know the farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that	The doctors that know the athlete inspire the poets	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The doctors that know the friend observe the victims	plural	singular	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The doctors that know the singer avoid the uncles	plural	singular	plural	knows	avoids
subjrel_that	The doctors that know the woman approve the singers	plural	singular	plural	knows	approves
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the aunt avoid the women	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the aunt confuse the athletes	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the teacher discourage the kids	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the uncle greet the aunts	plural	singular	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The doctors that remember the boy confuse the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that	The doctors that remember the friend avoid the mothers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The doctors that remember the girl stimulate the friends	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The doctors that remember the guy discourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that remember the woman admire the victims	plural	singular	plural	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The doctors that remember the woman observe the athletes	plural	singular	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The doctors that stimulate the carpenter confuse the guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The doctors that stimulate the man greet the fathers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The doctors that stimulate the uncle observe the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The doctors that understand the athlete stimulate the men	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The doctors that understand the man inspire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that	The doctors that understand the victim approve the boys	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that	The farmers that admire the athlete discourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that admire the boy stimulate the teachers	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The farmers that admire the carpenter remember the boys	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
subjrel_that	The farmers that admire the man know the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The farmers that approve the aunt observe the men	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The farmers that approve the kid confuse the athletes	plural	singular	plural	approves	confuses
subjrel_that	The farmers that approve the poet criticize the doctors	plural	singular	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The farmers that avoid the father greet the poets	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that avoid the friend inspire the victims	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The farmers that confuse the kid inspire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The farmers that confuse the poet encourage the men	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that confuse the teacher admire the men	plural	singular	plural	confuses	admires
subjrel_that	The farmers that criticize the aunt admire the poets	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The farmers that criticize the girl understand the friends	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The farmers that criticize the lawyer remember the friends	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The farmers that discourage the athlete confuse the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The farmers that discourage the athlete greet the boys	plural	singular	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that discourage the doctor admire the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The farmers that discourage the guy greet the friends	plural	singular	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that discourage the man know the aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
subjrel_that	The farmers that encourage the poet admire the friends	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that	The farmers that encourage the victim greet the kids	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that encourage the woman greet the guys	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that engage the aunt greet the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that engage the carpenter understand the girls	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The farmers that engage the friend encourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that engage the guy confuse the fathers	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The farmers that engage the singer discourage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that greet the kid confuse the singers	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The farmers that greet the uncle admire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The farmers that inspire the lawyer confuse the singers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The farmers that inspire the teacher greet the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that inspire the uncle approve the women	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The farmers that know the doctor stimulate the men	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The farmers that know the woman observe the men	plural	singular	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The farmers that observe the aunt criticize the doctors	plural	singular	plural	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The farmers that observe the girl know the athletes	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The farmers that observe the guy know the uncles	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The farmers that observe the singer stimulate the doctors	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The farmers that observe the teacher inspire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The farmers that observe the victim confuse the boys	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the guy observe the friends	plural	singular	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the man confuse the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the woman approve the victims	plural	singular	plural	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The farmers that stimulate the aunt criticize the women	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The farmers that stimulate the friend know the fathers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that	The farmers that stimulate the guy confuse the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The farmers that stimulate the kid criticize the women	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The farmers that stimulate the teacher confuse the victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The farmers that understand the father confuse the athletes	plural	singular	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The farmers that understand the girl engage the friends	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that	The fathers that admire the friend encourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that admire the poet avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
subjrel_that	The fathers that admire the poet observe the aunts	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
subjrel_that	The fathers that admire the teacher avoid the guys	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
subjrel_that	The fathers that approve the aunt encourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the athlete greet the mothers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the farmer remember the aunts	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the girl admire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The fathers that confuse the athlete encourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that confuse the doctor approve the aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that confuse the man engage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The fathers that confuse the man inspire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The fathers that confuse the singer approve the farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that confuse the teacher inspire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The fathers that criticize the guy encourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that criticize the man inspire the poets	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The fathers that criticize the man stimulate the doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The fathers that criticize the victim observe the teachers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The fathers that discourage the aunt greet the farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The fathers that discourage the guy criticize the uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The fathers that discourage the mother understand the farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The fathers that discourage the singer stimulate the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The fathers that discourage the teacher approve the aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that engage the poet encourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that engage the woman observe the teachers	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The fathers that greet the carpenter inspire the singers	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The fathers that greet the mother understand the kids	plural	singular	plural	greets	understands
subjrel_that	The fathers that inspire the uncle remember the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that	The fathers that know the carpenter inspire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The fathers that know the singer observe the poets	plural	singular	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The fathers that observe the aunt stimulate the uncles	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The fathers that observe the girl discourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that observe the guy criticize the kids	plural	singular	plural	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The fathers that observe the guy remember the poets	plural	singular	plural	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The fathers that remember the athlete inspire the guys	plural	singular	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that	The fathers that remember the carpenter criticize the women	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The fathers that remember the lawyer confuse the kids	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that	The fathers that stimulate the friend remember the boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The fathers that stimulate the kid observe the athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The fathers that stimulate the man know the kids	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that	The fathers that understand the aunt stimulate the farmers	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The fathers that understand the carpenter discourage the guys	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that understand the guy approve the kids	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that understand the kid inspire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that	The fathers that understand the singer discourage the guys	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that understand the woman criticize the guys	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The friends that admire the girl engage the boys	plural	singular	plural	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The friends that admire the girl engage the singers	plural	singular	plural	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The friends that approve the girl observe the doctors	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The friends that approve the lawyer know the kids	plural	singular	plural	approves	knows
subjrel_that	The friends that avoid the guy remember the aunts	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The friends that avoid the poet discourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that	The friends that confuse the carpenter encourage the men	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The friends that confuse the doctor remember the teachers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The friends that confuse the father avoid the women	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The friends that confuse the teacher know the kids	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that	The friends that criticize the father remember the farmers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The friends that criticize the guy greet the teachers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that	The friends that criticize the lawyer understand the victims	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The friends that criticize the singer understand the fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The friends that criticize the uncle confuse the singers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that criticize the woman admire the kids	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the mother avoid the singers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the poet avoid the women	plural	singular	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The friends that encourage the carpenter observe the women	plural	singular	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The friends that encourage the father remember the teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The friends that encourage the poet inspire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The friends that encourage the woman confuse the doctors	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that engage the doctor inspire the boys	plural	singular	plural	engages	inspires
subjrel_that	The friends that engage the girl greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The friends that engage the guy admire the girls	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The friends that engage the kid admire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The friends that engage the mother admire the victims	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The friends that engage the mother greet the girls	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The friends that engage the teacher approve the guys	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that	The friends that engage the victim criticize the uncles	plural	singular	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The friends that engage the woman understand the singers	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The friends that greet the lawyer confuse the athletes	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that greet the lawyer discourage the men	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The friends that greet the victim admire the guys	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The friends that inspire the aunt know the doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that	The friends that inspire the carpenter approve the kids	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The friends that inspire the doctor stimulate the aunts	plural	singular	plural	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The friends that inspire the poet remember the victims	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that	The friends that inspire the victim understand the aunts	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that	The friends that know the boy approve the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	knows	approves
subjrel_that	The friends that know the farmer encourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
subjrel_that	The friends that observe the boy discourage the women	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The friends that observe the lawyer greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The friends that observe the woman encourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The friends that remember the kid discourage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The friends that remember the mother stimulate the girls	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The friends that remember the woman criticize the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The friends that stimulate the doctor know the teachers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that	The friends that stimulate the farmer discourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that	The friends that understand the athlete criticize the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The friends that understand the boy remember the farmers	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The friends that understand the poet avoid the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understands	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that admire the aunt know the boys	plural	singular	plural	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that admire the singer avoid the athletes	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that approve the father inspire the friends	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The girls that approve the friend stimulate the women	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that	The girls that approve the poet greet the kids	plural	singular	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The girls that approve the singer encourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The girls that approve the woman criticize the farmers	plural	singular	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The girls that confuse the carpenter know the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that confuse the doctor avoid the farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that confuse the guy observe the singers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the athlete stimulate the aunts	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the farmer approve the mothers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the lawyer remember the victims	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the man observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the teacher admire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The girls that discourage the teacher inspire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The girls that encourage the aunt admire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that	The girls that encourage the doctor remember the farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The girls that encourage the doctor remember the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The girls that engage the aunt inspire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engages	inspires
subjrel_that	The girls that engage the victim criticize the fathers	plural	singular	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The girls that greet the lawyer engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The girls that greet the man criticize the poets	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that	The girls that greet the teacher avoid the doctors	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that inspire the aunt discourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The girls that inspire the guy admire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The girls that inspire the uncle greet the doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The girls that know the carpenter inspire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The girls that know the victim admire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The girls that observe the lawyer remember the women	plural	singular	plural	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The girls that observe the teacher know the aunts	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that remember the carpenter discourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The girls that remember the lawyer discourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The girls that stimulate the carpenter approve the kids	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that	The girls that stimulate the poet observe the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The girls that understand the boy approve the uncles	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that	The girls that understand the guy observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The girls that understand the poet encourage the kids	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that admire the teacher inspire the girls	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that	The guys that admire the woman criticize the uncles	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the father discourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the lawyer greet the poets	plural	singular	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the man avoid the singers	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the mother engage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the mother inspire the kids	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the teacher criticize the farmers	plural	singular	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the victim observe the men	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The guys that avoid the aunt observe the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	avoids	observes
subjrel_that	The guys that avoid the lawyer discourage the men	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that avoid the mother know the fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The guys that avoid the mother understand the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	understands
subjrel_that	The guys that avoid the poet inspire the victims	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The guys that confuse the victim inspire the boys	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The guys that criticize the mother stimulate the men	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The guys that criticize the uncle discourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that discourage the boy avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The guys that discourage the girl avoid the singers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The guys that discourage the kid avoid the friends	plural	singular	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The guys that discourage the kid observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the athlete understand the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the boy avoid the aunts	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the doctor greet the singers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the lawyer approve the uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the uncle criticize the fathers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the uncle inspire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the victim criticize the singers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the friend admire the kids	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the uncle confuse the women	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the victim stimulate the girls	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The guys that greet the carpenter confuse the farmers	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The guys that greet the lawyer engage the singers	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The guys that greet the victim inspire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The guys that greet the woman know the singers	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The guys that inspire the boy approve the kids	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that inspire the doctor criticize the uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The guys that inspire the doctor understand the victims	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that	The guys that inspire the poet remember the farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that	The guys that know the doctor admire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The guys that know the singer confuse the mothers	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The guys that know the victim inspire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the carpenter know the kids	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the doctor avoid the victims	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the man discourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the poet criticize the girls	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the teacher approve the farmers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that stimulate the friend admire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that	The guys that stimulate the lawyer observe the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The guys that stimulate the mother admire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that	The guys that stimulate the mother criticize the women	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The guys that stimulate the teacher observe the poets	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The guys that stimulate the woman avoid the victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The guys that understand the athlete discourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that understand the athlete encourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that understand the kid know the boys	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
subjrel_that	The guys that understand the singer discourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The kids that admire the athlete observe the men	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that admire the doctor confuse the girls	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that admire the friend criticize the athletes	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The kids that admire the friend stimulate the men	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The kids that approve the boy criticize the guys	plural	singular	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The kids that approve the boy observe the farmers	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that approve the girl stimulate the aunts	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that	The kids that approve the uncle understand the victims	plural	singular	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The kids that avoid the athlete engage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that avoid the uncle stimulate the victims	plural	singular	plural	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that	The kids that confuse the father avoid the mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The kids that confuse the friend engage the women	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that confuse the guy admire the doctors	plural	singular	plural	confuses	admires
subjrel_that	The kids that confuse the guy approve the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The kids that confuse the guy encourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The kids that confuse the uncle stimulate the boys	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The kids that criticize the athlete avoid the men	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The kids that criticize the father approve the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The kids that criticize the father avoid the uncles	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The kids that criticize the friend inspire the girls	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The kids that criticize the girl engage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that discourage the doctor observe the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that discourage the farmer know the singers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
subjrel_that	The kids that discourage the girl greet the men	plural	singular	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The kids that encourage the boy observe the victims	plural	singular	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that encourage the singer admire the boys	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that	The kids that encourage the victim criticize the boys	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The kids that encourage the woman remember the athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The kids that engage the doctor greet the farmers	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The kids that engage the poet avoid the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The kids that greet the doctor admire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The kids that greet the girl approve the athletes	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The kids that greet the mother discourage the guys	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The kids that inspire the carpenter greet the mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The kids that inspire the doctor stimulate the poets	plural	singular	plural	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The kids that inspire the friend approve the girls	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The kids that inspire the friend engage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that inspire the lawyer criticize the girls	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The kids that inspire the uncle remember the singers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that	The kids that know the boy confuse the uncles	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that know the woman observe the fathers	plural	singular	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that observe the doctor engage the men	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that observe the farmer confuse the uncles	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that observe the father know the poets	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The kids that observe the woman encourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The kids that remember the boy greet the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The kids that remember the father observe the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that remember the girl encourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The kids that remember the guy engage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that remember the singer approve the poets	plural	singular	plural	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The kids that remember the woman inspire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that	The kids that stimulate the boy remember the women	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The kids that stimulate the carpenter understand the guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The kids that stimulate the mother greet the poets	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The kids that stimulate the teacher avoid the women	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The kids that stimulate the teacher inspire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The kids that stimulate the uncle understand the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The kids that understand the athlete greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The kids that understand the aunt encourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The kids that understand the lawyer stimulate the guys	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that admire the athlete remember the women	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
subjrel_that	The lawyers that admire the boy engage the guys	plural	singular	plural	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that admire the kid approve the farmers	plural	singular	plural	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the carpenter inspire the girls	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the carpenter observe the poets	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the farmer understand the kids	plural	singular	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the father criticize the poets	plural	singular	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the kid admire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that avoid the athlete greet the men	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that avoid the woman criticize the fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that avoid the woman engage the singers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that confuse the aunt greet the women	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that confuse the girl engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that confuse the girl stimulate the fathers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that confuse the kid approve the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The lawyers that confuse the kid avoid the guys	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The lawyers that criticize the athlete know the victims	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that	The lawyers that criticize the boy approve the uncles	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The lawyers that criticize the boy stimulate the aunts	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that criticize the carpenter inspire the guys	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that criticize the guy observe the friends	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that criticize the man inspire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that criticize the poet greet the farmers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that discourage the carpenter inspire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that discourage the guy confuse the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The lawyers that discourage the guy criticize the uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that discourage the guy encourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the aunt avoid the uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the kid stimulate the poets	plural	singular	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the mother discourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that engage the aunt understand the athletes	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The lawyers that engage the boy admire the doctors	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that engage the boy observe the friends	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that engage the doctor approve the guys	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that	The lawyers that engage the guy criticize the teachers	plural	singular	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that engage the man encourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that engage the poet encourage the kids	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the aunt criticize the farmers	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the poet discourage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the woman inspire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that inspire the boy avoid the victims	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The lawyers that inspire the teacher approve the boys	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The lawyers that know the aunt confuse the doctors	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The lawyers that know the doctor avoid the uncles	plural	singular	plural	knows	avoids
subjrel_that	The lawyers that know the poet understand the doctors	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The lawyers that know the uncle engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the boy avoid the fathers	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the guy stimulate the kids	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the kid remember the girls	plural	singular	plural	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the teacher greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the victim admire the kids	plural	singular	plural	observes	admires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the kid know the farmers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the man understand the uncles	plural	singular	plural	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The lawyers that stimulate the aunt encourage the guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that understand the guy greet the athletes	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that understand the man encourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that understand the teacher avoid the poets	plural	singular	plural	understands	avoids
subjrel_that	The lawyers that understand the uncle observe the women	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The men that admire the carpenter understand the teachers	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The men that admire the doctor criticize the singers	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that approve the mother observe the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The men that avoid the lawyer criticize the kids	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that confuse the carpenter discourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The men that confuse the carpenter inspire the friends	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The men that confuse the lawyer discourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the friend encourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the poet observe the fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the teacher confuse the uncles	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the father confuse the friends	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the father inspire the poets	plural	singular	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the guy engage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	engages
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the lawyer engage the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourages	engages
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the friend engage the women	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the guy know the mothers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the woman approve the girls	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the woman criticize the kids	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that engage the athlete remember the kids	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The men that engage the aunt criticize the doctors	plural	singular	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that engage the victim discourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The men that greet the aunt remember the guys	plural	singular	plural	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The men that greet the guy confuse the boys	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The men that greet the guy stimulate the doctors	plural	singular	plural	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that inspire the woman observe the teachers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The men that inspire the woman observe the victims	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The men that know the farmer greet the aunts	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The men that observe the aunt greet the athletes	plural	singular	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The men that observe the doctor remember the victims	plural	singular	plural	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The men that observe the father understand the guys	plural	singular	plural	observes	understands
subjrel_that	The men that observe the friend criticize the athletes	plural	singular	plural	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that remember the father understand the friends	plural	singular	plural	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The men that remember the kid stimulate the poets	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that remember the mother engage the kids	plural	singular	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The men that stimulate the friend inspire the victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The men that understand the lawyer observe the guys	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The men that understand the lawyer stimulate the women	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that understand the singer observe the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The men that understand the uncle observe the doctors	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The mothers that admire the kid encourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that admire the victim encourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that approve the carpenter criticize the teachers	plural	singular	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The mothers that approve the carpenter remember the girls	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The mothers that approve the victim engage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The mothers that approve the victim remember the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The mothers that avoid the boy confuse the teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The mothers that avoid the doctor admire the kids	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The mothers that avoid the guy remember the girls	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The mothers that avoid the kid observe the athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoids	observes
subjrel_that	The mothers that avoid the kid understand the men	plural	singular	plural	avoids	understands
subjrel_that	The mothers that avoid the singer remember the men	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The mothers that confuse the friend engage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The mothers that criticize the doctor engage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The mothers that criticize the doctor engage the poets	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The mothers that criticize the victim avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The mothers that discourage the aunt criticize the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The mothers that discourage the doctor confuse the kids	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The mothers that discourage the lawyer inspire the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The mothers that discourage the man greet the victims	plural	singular	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The mothers that encourage the farmer engage the boys	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The mothers that encourage the girl avoid the boys	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The mothers that engage the carpenter criticize the uncles	plural	singular	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The mothers that engage the father stimulate the victims	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the athlete approve the kids	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the aunt criticize the uncles	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the father encourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the man engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the man stimulate the fathers	plural	singular	plural	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the teacher understand the boys	plural	singular	plural	greets	understands
subjrel_that	The mothers that inspire the aunt stimulate the friends	plural	singular	plural	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that inspire the doctor understand the farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that	The mothers that inspire the lawyer know the singers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that	The mothers that inspire the man discourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that inspire the victim confuse the guys	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The mothers that know the guy understand the doctors	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The mothers that know the poet criticize the farmers	plural	singular	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that	The mothers that know the singer remember the uncles	plural	singular	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the carpenter confuse the men	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the guy approve the victims	plural	singular	plural	observes	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the guy confuse the doctors	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the kid know the athletes	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the poet stimulate the farmers	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that remember the aunt observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The mothers that remember the father know the singers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The mothers that remember the man criticize the fathers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The mothers that stimulate the doctor admire the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that	The mothers that stimulate the lawyer confuse the uncles	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The mothers that stimulate the teacher engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that	The mothers that stimulate the teacher remember the victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The mothers that stimulate the uncle admire the girls	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that	The mothers that understand the lawyer greet the kids	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The mothers that understand the singer avoid the poets	plural	singular	plural	understands	avoids
subjrel_that	The mothers that understand the uncle confuse the fathers	plural	singular	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that admire the athlete criticize the girls	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The poets that admire the boy remember the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
subjrel_that	The poets that admire the boy stimulate the friends	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The poets that admire the friend encourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that admire the mother confuse the doctors	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that admire the singer discourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that	The poets that approve the lawyer avoid the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The poets that approve the lawyer discourage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The poets that avoid the boy discourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that	The poets that avoid the friend engage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoids	engages
subjrel_that	The poets that avoid the girl encourage the friends	plural	singular	plural	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that avoid the singer encourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that avoid the woman greet the victims	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the girl encourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the girl remember the uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the guy know the athletes	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the mother inspire the victims	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the uncle avoid the victims	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the athlete observe the women	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the man avoid the victims	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the victim confuse the fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that discourage the boy avoid the victims	plural	singular	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The poets that discourage the farmer stimulate the singers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The poets that discourage the mother greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that encourage the woman greet the doctors	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that engage the boy understand the guys	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The poets that engage the father encourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that engage the guy greet the athletes	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that engage the lawyer encourage the kids	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the aunt encourage the kids	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the boy remember the women	plural	singular	plural	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the father engage the victims	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the friend observe the singers	plural	singular	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the kid avoid the fathers	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the man know the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the singer encourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the victim avoid the kids	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the woman inspire the guys	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that inspire the uncle avoid the guys	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The poets that inspire the victim confuse the kids	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that know the friend understand the women	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The poets that know the lawyer stimulate the teachers	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The poets that know the teacher understand the boys	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The poets that know the teacher understand the fathers	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The poets that observe the athlete greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that observe the doctor avoid the mothers	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The poets that observe the doctor inspire the women	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that observe the farmer greet the men	plural	singular	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that observe the man discourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The poets that observe the victim inspire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that remember the aunt observe the fathers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The poets that remember the doctor engage the victims	plural	singular	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The poets that remember the father engage the women	plural	singular	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The poets that remember the woman engage the kids	plural	singular	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The poets that stimulate the aunt inspire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that stimulate the girl understand the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the athlete know the girls	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the farmer remember the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the farmer stimulate the boys	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the victim criticize the friends	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the woman stimulate the guys	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The singers that admire the farmer discourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that	The singers that admire the mother approve the fathers	plural	singular	plural	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The singers that admire the poet engage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The singers that admire the victim inspire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that	The singers that approve the girl encourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The singers that approve the poet understand the aunts	plural	singular	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The singers that approve the woman confuse the teachers	plural	singular	plural	approves	confuses
subjrel_that	The singers that avoid the aunt greet the doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The singers that avoid the boy admire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The singers that avoid the kid know the victims	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The singers that confuse the carpenter remember the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The singers that confuse the girl encourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The singers that confuse the victim approve the aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The singers that criticize the aunt observe the women	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The singers that criticize the woman stimulate the boys	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The singers that discourage the aunt know the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
subjrel_that	The singers that discourage the carpenter understand the kids	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The singers that discourage the lawyer admire the aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The singers that encourage the girl remember the women	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The singers that encourage the man approve the uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The singers that encourage the teacher inspire the kids	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The singers that encourage the woman greet the girls	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The singers that encourage the woman inspire the guys	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The singers that engage the mother admire the victims	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The singers that engage the uncle approve the kids	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that	The singers that greet the carpenter observe the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that	The singers that greet the doctor inspire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The singers that greet the guy know the fathers	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The singers that greet the kid confuse the victims	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The singers that inspire the doctor encourage the guys	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The singers that inspire the lawyer remember the friends	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that	The singers that inspire the victim discourage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The singers that inspire the victim discourage the men	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The singers that know the farmer approve the athletes	plural	singular	plural	knows	approves
subjrel_that	The singers that observe the friend engage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The singers that observe the man discourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The singers that observe the man encourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The singers that observe the man engage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The singers that observe the mother admire the friends	plural	singular	plural	observes	admires
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the kid discourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the poet confuse the men	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the uncle know the men	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The singers that stimulate the athlete admire the boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that	The singers that stimulate the carpenter confuse the uncles	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The singers that stimulate the woman remember the victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The singers that understand the boy discourage the guys	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The singers that understand the boy observe the guys	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The singers that understand the carpenter criticize the kids	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The singers that understand the guy encourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The singers that understand the uncle engage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that	The singers that understand the woman stimulate the friends	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The teachers that admire the boy avoid the singers	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
subjrel_that	The teachers that admire the father greet the girls	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
subjrel_that	The teachers that admire the lawyer engage the guys	plural	singular	plural	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The teachers that admire the mother observe the singers	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
subjrel_that	The teachers that approve the farmer stimulate the victims	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that	The teachers that approve the father stimulate the guys	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that	The teachers that approve the mother inspire the poets	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The teachers that avoid the aunt remember the farmers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that avoid the carpenter admire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that avoid the singer approve the athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoids	approves
subjrel_that	The teachers that avoid the victim inspire the girls	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The teachers that confuse the girl observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The teachers that criticize the girl avoid the mothers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The teachers that criticize the kid understand the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The teachers that discourage the girl criticize the mothers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The teachers that discourage the woman encourage the guys	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that encourage the aunt admire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that encourage the doctor engage the girls	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The teachers that encourage the guy avoid the singers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The teachers that encourage the guy engage the friends	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The teachers that encourage the poet discourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that encourage the poet stimulate the fathers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The teachers that encourage the uncle approve the athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the aunt admire the boys	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the aunt encourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the aunt understand the friends	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the boy admire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the father observe the mothers	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the singer remember the victims	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that greet the father confuse the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The teachers that greet the father discourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that greet the man admire the friends	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that greet the woman approve the friends	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The teachers that inspire the man avoid the fathers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The teachers that inspire the man understand the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that	The teachers that inspire the woman discourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that inspire the woman observe the doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the doctor avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	knows	avoids
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the father criticize the poets	plural	singular	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the mother confuse the men	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the mother engage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
subjrel_that	The teachers that observe the athlete discourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that observe the athlete discourage the men	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that observe the doctor discourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that observe the father understand the girls	plural	singular	plural	observes	understands
subjrel_that	The teachers that observe the kid admire the singers	plural	singular	plural	observes	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that remember the doctor discourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that remember the kid know the singers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The teachers that remember the singer avoid the boys	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the aunt avoid the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the aunt encourage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the father criticize the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the father understand the guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the mother understand the uncles	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the singer know the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that	The teachers that understand the aunt encourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that understand the doctor approve the fathers	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that	The teachers that understand the father remember the aunts	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that understand the guy remember the boys	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that understand the guy stimulate the fathers	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The teachers that understand the kid encourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that admire the singer observe the men	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
subjrel_that	The uncles that admire the woman engage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that approve the father remember the aunts	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The uncles that approve the lawyer engage the victims	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that avoid the aunt know the singers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The uncles that avoid the poet stimulate the singers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that	The uncles that avoid the victim approve the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	approves
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the aunt criticize the girls	plural	singular	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the boy discourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the friend criticize the mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the friend observe the singers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the kid approve the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the lawyer stimulate the victims	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the man inspire the friends	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the poet criticize the friends	plural	singular	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that criticize the carpenter stimulate the aunts	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The uncles that criticize the farmer observe the fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The uncles that criticize the friend remember the fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the aunt admire the kids	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the boy approve the athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the singer approve the athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the teacher know the farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
subjrel_that	The uncles that encourage the doctor confuse the victims	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The uncles that encourage the farmer understand the athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The uncles that encourage the kid discourage the men	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that engage the farmer inspire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	engages	inspires
subjrel_that	The uncles that engage the victim know the poets	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The uncles that greet the aunt stimulate the mothers	plural	singular	plural	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The uncles that greet the father confuse the mothers	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The uncles that greet the father remember the athletes	plural	singular	plural	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The uncles that greet the girl criticize the teachers	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that inspire the lawyer remember the women	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that	The uncles that inspire the victim encourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that know the athlete inspire the doctors	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The uncles that know the aunt stimulate the boys	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The uncles that know the boy understand the kids	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The uncles that know the father inspire the women	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The uncles that know the singer stimulate the farmers	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The uncles that observe the athlete greet the friends	plural	singular	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The uncles that observe the lawyer engage the poets	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that observe the woman stimulate the farmers	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The uncles that remember the athlete confuse the women	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that	The uncles that remember the boy encourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that remember the girl observe the women	plural	singular	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The uncles that remember the lawyer criticize the teachers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that remember the lawyer engage the girls	plural	singular	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that remember the victim discourage the friends	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that stimulate the boy understand the singers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The uncles that stimulate the friend engage the kids	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that stimulate the girl encourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that understand the athlete admire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
subjrel_that	The victims that admire the girl remember the men	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
subjrel_that	The victims that admire the kid approve the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The victims that admire the mother observe the singers	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
subjrel_that	The victims that admire the uncle approve the singers	plural	singular	plural	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The victims that approve the kid admire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The victims that approve the lawyer remember the singers	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The victims that approve the poet remember the fathers	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The victims that avoid the guy greet the athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The victims that avoid the kid admire the boys	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The victims that avoid the kid admire the guys	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The victims that confuse the aunt remember the singers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The victims that confuse the father discourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The victims that criticize the guy discourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The victims that criticize the lawyer approve the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The victims that criticize the woman engage the singers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The victims that discourage the guy understand the teachers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The victims that discourage the kid inspire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The victims that discourage the kid observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
subjrel_that	The victims that discourage the lawyer know the friends	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
subjrel_that	The victims that discourage the mother avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The victims that discourage the teacher confuse the athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The victims that discourage the teacher stimulate the men	plural	singular	plural	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The victims that encourage the singer stimulate the farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The victims that engage the father remember the teachers	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The victims that engage the guy stimulate the teachers	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The victims that engage the mother encourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The victims that greet the father discourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The victims that greet the man inspire the kids	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The victims that greet the mother criticize the girls	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that	The victims that greet the singer encourage the women	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The victims that inspire the athlete discourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The victims that inspire the man engage the women	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The victims that inspire the mother know the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that	The victims that know the doctor inspire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The victims that know the father engage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
subjrel_that	The victims that know the mother inspire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The victims that know the singer greet the doctors	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The victims that observe the girl know the friends	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The victims that observe the man engage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The victims that observe the singer confuse the teachers	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The victims that remember the boy stimulate the athletes	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The victims that remember the farmer criticize the kids	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The victims that remember the father understand the friends	plural	singular	plural	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The victims that remember the man criticize the doctors	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The victims that remember the mother admire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The victims that remember the poet greet the women	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The victims that remember the uncle avoid the teachers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The victims that stimulate the girl understand the teachers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The victims that stimulate the kid observe the friends	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The victims that understand the doctor greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The victims that understand the father know the aunts	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
subjrel_that	The victims that understand the friend confuse the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The women that admire the father stimulate the men	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The women that admire the friend engage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The women that admire the singer know the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The women that approve the boy observe the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The women that approve the teacher greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The women that avoid the poet remember the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The women that confuse the carpenter greet the men	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
subjrel_that	The women that confuse the lawyer approve the uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The women that confuse the poet encourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The women that criticize the boy avoid the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The women that criticize the poet greet the friends	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that	The women that criticize the teacher admire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The women that discourage the carpenter admire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The women that discourage the doctor encourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that	The women that discourage the kid avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The women that discourage the poet engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourages	engages
subjrel_that	The women that encourage the kid discourage the guys	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The women that engage the aunt know the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The women that engage the father know the men	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The women that engage the girl greet the farmers	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The women that greet the boy criticize the poets	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that	The women that greet the friend approve the teachers	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The women that greet the friend encourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The women that inspire the carpenter greet the guys	plural	singular	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The women that inspire the father engage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The women that inspire the man admire the girls	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The women that inspire the teacher admire the boys	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The women that know the athlete confuse the mothers	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The women that know the lawyer greet the mothers	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The women that know the poet stimulate the kids	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The women that know the uncle understand the kids	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The women that observe the victim discourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The women that remember the boy stimulate the mothers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The women that remember the friend observe the uncles	plural	singular	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The women that remember the guy avoid the mothers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The women that remember the victim discourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The women that stimulate the athlete greet the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The women that stimulate the doctor inspire the girls	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The women that stimulate the father admire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that	The women that stimulate the guy avoid the boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The women that stimulate the guy confuse the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The women that stimulate the mother confuse the poets	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The women that stimulate the mother encourage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The women that stimulate the teacher greet the boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The women that understand the aunt observe the athletes	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The women that understand the farmer observe the uncles	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The women that understand the poet admire the girls	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
subjrel_that	The women that understand the victim engage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that	The athletes that admire the boys encourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that admire the carpenters inspire the guy	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that admire the farmers avoid the guy	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that admire the uncles know the kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The athletes that approve the carpenters discourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that approve the farmers encourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that approve the kids know the girl	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that	The athletes that approve the men inspire the boy	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that approve the singers criticize the aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The athletes that avoid the fathers remember the doctor	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The athletes that avoid the kids encourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that avoid the kids inspire the farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that confuse the fathers stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The athletes that confuse the guys avoid the doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that confuse the poets know the girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
subjrel_that	The athletes that confuse the teachers know the man	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
subjrel_that	The athletes that criticize the farmers approve the woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that criticize the teachers understand the father	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The athletes that criticize the uncles inspire the woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that discourage the boys inspire the friend	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that discourage the poets know the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
subjrel_that	The athletes that encourage the farmers greet the boy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that encourage the singers approve the victim	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that encourage the victims know the poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
subjrel_that	The athletes that encourage the women stimulate the father	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The athletes that engage the aunts criticize the singer	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The athletes that engage the doctors avoid the aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that engage the teachers remember the kid	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The athletes that engage the women discourage the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that greet the poets inspire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that greet the women remember the poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the boys remember the kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the fathers criticize the boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the girls understand the uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the kids approve the poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the aunts discourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the boys confuse the friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the teachers encourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the victims confuse the poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The athletes that observe the carpenters inspire the boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that observe the friends approve the victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that observe the poets inspire the man	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that remember the boys approve the friend	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that remember the doctors know the girl	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The athletes that remember the friends engage the kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the boys encourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the carpenters confuse the woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the carpenters greet the woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the men observe the kid	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the mothers inspire the boy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the victims avoid the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the victims engage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the victims greet the doctor	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that understand the girls know the poet	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that	The athletes that understand the uncles encourage the guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that admire the lawyers know the kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The aunts that admire the men avoid the woman	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
subjrel_that	The aunts that admire the men greet the kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
subjrel_that	The aunts that admire the mothers greet the victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
subjrel_that	The aunts that admire the poets understand the girl	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The aunts that admire the singers observe the mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
subjrel_that	The aunts that avoid the friends greet the athlete	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The aunts that avoid the girls greet the uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The aunts that avoid the victims admire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The aunts that confuse the carpenters understand the friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that	The aunts that confuse the mothers criticize the doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The aunts that confuse the uncles criticize the singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The aunts that confuse the victims observe the man	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The aunts that criticize the friends know the girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that	The aunts that criticize the kids discourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that criticize the mothers understand the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The aunts that discourage the carpenters understand the mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The aunts that discourage the singers admire the farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The aunts that discourage the teachers greet the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The aunts that encourage the friends discourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that encourage the girls understand the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The aunts that encourage the guys remember the woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The aunts that encourage the victims criticize the athlete	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The aunts that engage the poets admire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The aunts that engage the uncles confuse the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The aunts that greet the victims encourage the mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that inspire the friends approve the singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The aunts that inspire the men stimulate the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The aunts that inspire the poets confuse the uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The aunts that know the doctors stimulate the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The aunts that know the farmers admire the athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The aunts that know the victims remember the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The aunts that observe the athletes avoid the uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The aunts that observe the athletes stimulate the mother	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The aunts that observe the doctors understand the poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that	The aunts that observe the guys admire the man	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
subjrel_that	The aunts that observe the poets confuse the victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The aunts that remember the friends confuse the uncle	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that	The aunts that stimulate the farmers discourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that stimulate the mothers criticize the singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The aunts that stimulate the singers confuse the friend	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The aunts that stimulate the uncles discourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that stimulate the women criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The aunts that understand the boys discourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that understand the farmers avoid the doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
subjrel_that	The aunts that understand the friends remember the guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The aunts that understand the girls discourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The boys that admire the fathers greet the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
subjrel_that	The boys that admire the kids remember the aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that admire the teachers stimulate the doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The boys that admire the victims confuse the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The boys that approve the guys discourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The boys that approve the guys know the woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that	The boys that approve the singers greet the kid	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The boys that avoid the farmers understand the doctor	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that	The boys that avoid the poets inspire the victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The boys that avoid the poets observe the woman	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observes
subjrel_that	The boys that confuse the athletes encourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The boys that confuse the aunts approve the uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The boys that confuse the girls engage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The boys that confuse the men stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The boys that criticize the poets avoid the woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The boys that discourage the athletes inspire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The boys that discourage the aunts criticize the friend	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The boys that discourage the farmers remember the father	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that discourage the victims remember the woman	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that encourage the friends greet the woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The boys that encourage the friends stimulate the singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The boys that encourage the kids know the teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
subjrel_that	The boys that encourage the teachers discourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the uncles encourage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The boys that greet the poets remember the victim	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that greet the singers avoid the athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that	The boys that greet the teachers stimulate the woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The boys that inspire the doctors stimulate the friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The boys that inspire the kids remember the mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that inspire the lawyers understand the mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that	The boys that know the athletes remember the uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that know the singers greet the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The boys that know the uncles admire the athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that observe the athletes inspire the friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The boys that observe the guys avoid the friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The boys that observe the kids inspire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The boys that observe the poets confuse the father	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The boys that observe the singers criticize the mother	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The boys that observe the teachers remember the father	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that remember the carpenters know the woman	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The boys that remember the fathers understand the guy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The boys that remember the poets approve the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The boys that remember the singers confuse the doctor	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that	The boys that stimulate the doctors remember the farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that stimulate the girls confuse the woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The boys that stimulate the lawyers know the poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that	The boys that understand the aunts stimulate the woman	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The boys that understand the farmers greet the girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The boys that understand the lawyers remember the guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that understand the uncles remember the mother	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The carpenters that admire the aunts stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the aunts admire the woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the fathers criticize the teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that avoid the uncles engage the boy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that confuse the farmers approve the poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The carpenters that confuse the guys inspire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that confuse the kids engage the friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that confuse the men admire the woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that confuse the men encourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that confuse the teachers admire the kid	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that confuse the teachers avoid the father	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that criticize the lawyers greet the man	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that	The carpenters that criticize the singers observe the victim	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that discourage the aunts understand the kid	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that discourage the kids approve the boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The carpenters that discourage the kids avoid the teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that discourage the kids know the girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
subjrel_that	The carpenters that discourage the lawyers avoid the teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that discourage the mothers admire the victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that discourage the poets observe the uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that encourage the doctors approve the singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The carpenters that encourage the uncles observe the athlete	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that encourage the victims admire the guy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that engage the girls criticize the farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that engage the uncles avoid the guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that engage the women stimulate the mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The carpenters that greet the aunts engage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that greet the doctors approve the woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The carpenters that greet the doctors discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that greet the women inspire the boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that inspire the fathers criticize the farmer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that inspire the lawyers approve the kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The carpenters that inspire the lawyers approve the uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The carpenters that know the guys remember the woman	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The carpenters that know the poets stimulate the boy	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The carpenters that observe the women understand the doctor	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that remember the friends avoid the poet	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that remember the lawyers encourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that remember the singers confuse the guy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that	The carpenters that remember the women understand the singer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that stimulate the fathers engage the boy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that stimulate the guys inspire the man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that understand the aunts know the kid	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that	The carpenters that understand the girls stimulate the teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The carpenters that understand the mothers approve the father	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
subjrel_that	The carpenters that understand the singers criticize the farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The doctors that admire the farmers know the victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The doctors that admire the friends understand the woman	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The doctors that admire the girls understand the athlete	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The doctors that admire the kids know the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The doctors that admire the uncles confuse the aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The doctors that approve the poets confuse the woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that	The doctors that avoid the aunts confuse the man	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The doctors that criticize the fathers understand the boy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The doctors that criticize the uncles discourage the girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the athletes approve the boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the victims greet the boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the women remember the mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The doctors that encourage the athletes confuse the farmer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The doctors that greet the aunts admire the poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The doctors that greet the poets remember the teacher	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The doctors that greet the uncles admire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The doctors that inspire the aunts stimulate the friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The doctors that inspire the boys avoid the teacher	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The doctors that inspire the girls encourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that inspire the women observe the poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The doctors that know the athletes remember the uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The doctors that know the victims stimulate the boy	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the aunts discourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the friends inspire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the guys stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the women confuse the kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The doctors that remember the farmers know the boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The doctors that remember the friends encourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that remember the victims admire the girl	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The doctors that stimulate the kids inspire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The doctors that stimulate the mothers observe the farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The doctors that stimulate the singers encourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that understand the carpenters avoid the victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
subjrel_that	The doctors that understand the lawyers observe the mother	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The farmers that approve the fathers discourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that approve the kids greet the guy	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that confuse the fathers remember the friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The farmers that confuse the lawyers discourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that criticize the girls stimulate the victim	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The farmers that criticize the guys remember the man	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The farmers that criticize the lawyers discourage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that criticize the men encourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that criticize the victims approve the singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The farmers that encourage the guys greet the boy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that encourage the mothers remember the singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The farmers that encourage the poets remember the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The farmers that engage the fathers confuse the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The farmers that engage the guys avoid the kid	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The farmers that greet the fathers discourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that greet the lawyers engage the singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The farmers that greet the uncles stimulate the friend	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The farmers that inspire the athletes discourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that inspire the fathers admire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The farmers that inspire the lawyers admire the woman	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The farmers that inspire the teachers discourage the guy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that inspire the victims encourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that know the boys criticize the uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that	The farmers that know the doctors observe the father	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The farmers that know the fathers admire the woman	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The farmers that know the kids engage the poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
subjrel_that	The farmers that know the women inspire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The farmers that observe the fathers engage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The farmers that observe the girls engage the poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The farmers that observe the men confuse the uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the athletes observe the father	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the friends greet the woman	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the kids engage the guy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the lawyers stimulate the poet	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the men encourage the mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the poets confuse the victim	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the teachers greet the victim	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the victims greet the boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that stimulate the boys admire the victim	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that	The farmers that stimulate the carpenters inspire the athlete	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The farmers that stimulate the carpenters know the father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that	The farmers that stimulate the doctors encourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that stimulate the lawyers inspire the girl	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The farmers that stimulate the men criticize the athlete	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The farmers that stimulate the poets engage the guy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that	The farmers that understand the boys inspire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that	The farmers that understand the boys inspire the victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that	The fathers that admire the doctors know the woman	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The fathers that admire the teachers discourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that admire the victims criticize the woman	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The fathers that approve the athletes engage the guy	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The fathers that approve the athletes stimulate the teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that	The fathers that approve the farmers criticize the uncle	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The fathers that approve the guys criticize the man	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The fathers that approve the kids remember the farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The fathers that approve the teachers admire the guy	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the doctors inspire the boy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the lawyers observe the guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observes
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the women observe the uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observes
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the women understand the uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that	The fathers that confuse the boys discourage the guy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that confuse the girls engage the singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The fathers that confuse the men engage the friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The fathers that confuse the singers encourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that confuse the women greet the man	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that	The fathers that criticize the athletes admire the kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The fathers that criticize the girls inspire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The fathers that criticize the mothers stimulate the uncle	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The fathers that criticize the poets encourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that criticize the teachers inspire the victim	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The fathers that criticize the uncles confuse the guy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that	The fathers that discourage the kids approve the athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that discourage the mothers stimulate the uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The fathers that encourage the farmers stimulate the poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The fathers that encourage the women approve the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that engage the athletes inspire the man	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
subjrel_that	The fathers that engage the boys observe the uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The fathers that engage the lawyers know the kid	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The fathers that engage the uncles criticize the victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The fathers that greet the aunts inspire the singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The fathers that greet the carpenters avoid the farmer	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that	The fathers that greet the carpenters understand the doctor	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that	The fathers that greet the men discourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that inspire the boys stimulate the uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The fathers that inspire the guys approve the girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that inspire the kids understand the boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that	The fathers that inspire the teachers know the girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that	The fathers that inspire the teachers stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The fathers that inspire the uncles stimulate the teacher	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The fathers that know the guys observe the doctor	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The fathers that know the men remember the friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The fathers that know the poets approve the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that know the uncles avoid the guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
subjrel_that	The fathers that observe the boys greet the man	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The fathers that observe the uncles confuse the poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The fathers that remember the guys engage the singer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The fathers that remember the singers encourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that remember the teachers confuse the girl	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that	The fathers that remember the victims avoid the girl	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The fathers that stimulate the aunts confuse the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The fathers that stimulate the men criticize the mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The fathers that understand the kids admire the singer	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that	The fathers that understand the singers discourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that understand the teachers know the doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that	The fathers that understand the uncles encourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that understand the victims observe the kid	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The friends that admire the doctors engage the girl	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The friends that admire the victims understand the father	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The friends that admire the women understand the doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The friends that confuse the aunts inspire the athlete	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The friends that confuse the lawyers understand the boy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that	The friends that confuse the uncles criticize the guy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The friends that confuse the victims criticize the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The friends that criticize the fathers encourage the man	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that	The friends that criticize the kids engage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The friends that criticize the teachers know the athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that	The friends that criticize the women stimulate the boy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the mothers confuse the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the uncles inspire the singer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the victims encourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the women remember the boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The friends that encourage the carpenters admire the guy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that	The friends that encourage the doctors greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The friends that engage the farmers discourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The friends that engage the kids know the athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The friends that engage the victims discourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The friends that greet the uncles encourage the man	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The friends that inspire the athletes discourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The friends that inspire the lawyers understand the father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that	The friends that inspire the singers understand the boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that	The friends that know the women admire the farmer	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The friends that observe the aunts criticize the farmer	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The friends that observe the teachers greet the uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The friends that observe the victims avoid the boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The friends that remember the athletes admire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The friends that remember the athletes avoid the poet	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The friends that remember the doctors discourage the guy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The friends that remember the kids engage the woman	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The friends that stimulate the doctors inspire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The friends that stimulate the fathers engage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that	The friends that stimulate the guys inspire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The friends that stimulate the poets confuse the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that understand the fathers avoid the man	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
subjrel_that	The friends that understand the men know the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that admire the farmers criticize the man	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The girls that admire the lawyers remember the poet	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that	The girls that admire the mothers approve the singer	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The girls that admire the singers avoid the father	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that admire the singers inspire the friend	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that	The girls that admire the women know the kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that approve the friends avoid the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that approve the poets discourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The girls that approve the teachers engage the friend	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The girls that approve the uncles discourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The girls that avoid the fathers inspire the athlete	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The girls that avoid the guys know the woman	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that confuse the athletes remember the farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The girls that confuse the fathers greet the friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that	The girls that confuse the guys criticize the woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The girls that confuse the mothers understand the doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that	The girls that confuse the victims observe the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the aunts avoid the poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the boys admire the man	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the guys encourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the guys know the uncle	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the lawyers stimulate the guy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The girls that discourage the friends encourage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that	The girls that discourage the poets engage the singer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
subjrel_that	The girls that discourage the singers inspire the victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The girls that discourage the singers know the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that encourage the athletes observe the mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The girls that encourage the doctors confuse the friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The girls that engage the friends admire the poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The girls that engage the friends approve the teacher	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that	The girls that engage the guys approve the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that	The girls that engage the lawyers remember the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The girls that engage the women stimulate the mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The girls that greet the aunts confuse the uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The girls that greet the friends stimulate the guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The girls that greet the guys inspire the singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The girls that inspire the boys engage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The girls that inspire the lawyers observe the uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The girls that know the athletes greet the poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The girls that know the poets avoid the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that observe the mothers confuse the kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The girls that remember the lawyers discourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The girls that stimulate the fathers understand the man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The girls that stimulate the guys know the man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that understand the athletes engage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that	The girls that understand the aunts discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The girls that understand the doctors engage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that	The girls that understand the friends criticize the doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The girls that understand the lawyers discourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The girls that understand the poets discourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The girls that understand the women encourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that admire the aunts encourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that admire the aunts understand the singer	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the friends discourage the man	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the friends know the boy	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the uncles stimulate the kid	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the victims confuse the man	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the victims remember the doctor	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the women know the boy	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that	The guys that avoid the carpenters discourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that avoid the fathers stimulate the victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that	The guys that avoid the friends discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that avoid the women stimulate the father	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that	The guys that confuse the fathers avoid the athlete	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The guys that confuse the kids encourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that confuse the men inspire the victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The guys that criticize the athletes remember the teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The guys that criticize the boys know the singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that	The guys that criticize the uncles avoid the singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The guys that criticize the victims admire the woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The guys that discourage the girls admire the father	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The guys that discourage the victims remember the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the athletes greet the kid	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the athletes greet the woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the doctors stimulate the aunt	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the farmers observe the father	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the farmers remember the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the girls discourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the men inspire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the carpenters greet the athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the fathers understand the victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the friends greet the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the friends understand the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the singers know the poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The guys that greet the uncles understand the aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that	The guys that inspire the athletes discourage the father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that inspire the carpenters observe the uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The guys that inspire the victims stimulate the kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The guys that know the boys inspire the athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The guys that know the fathers greet the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The guys that know the poets approve the uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that know the singers observe the victim	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The guys that observe the athletes approve the man	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that observe the carpenters confuse the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the poets discourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the singers engage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The guys that stimulate the fathers admire the kid	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that	The guys that stimulate the singers criticize the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The guys that stimulate the teachers criticize the poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The guys that stimulate the uncles avoid the kid	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The guys that understand the boys criticize the uncle	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The guys that understand the carpenters inspire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that	The kids that admire the friends observe the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that approve the guys discourage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The kids that avoid the friends greet the athlete	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The kids that confuse the aunts avoid the singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The kids that confuse the boys observe the man	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that confuse the doctors avoid the woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The kids that confuse the fathers discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The kids that confuse the friends know the poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
subjrel_that	The kids that confuse the girls know the farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
subjrel_that	The kids that confuse the victims stimulate the poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The kids that criticize the carpenters avoid the athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The kids that criticize the doctors engage the father	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that criticize the fathers confuse the boy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that criticize the guys confuse the farmer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that discourage the boys inspire the father	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The kids that discourage the carpenters avoid the aunt	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The kids that discourage the guys admire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The kids that encourage the carpenters engage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that encourage the fathers observe the athlete	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that encourage the mothers remember the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The kids that encourage the victims observe the poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that encourage the women engage the friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that engage the boys approve the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that	The kids that engage the boys greet the poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The kids that engage the friends confuse the guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that engage the poets criticize the singer	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The kids that engage the poets discourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The kids that engage the teachers discourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The kids that greet the aunts engage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that greet the fathers engage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that greet the girls confuse the athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that inspire the doctors avoid the teacher	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The kids that inspire the friends remember the poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that	The kids that know the boys confuse the uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that observe the carpenters approve the aunt	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that	The kids that observe the lawyers approve the friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that	The kids that observe the victims confuse the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that remember the girls avoid the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The kids that remember the guys admire the girl	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The kids that remember the guys stimulate the father	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The kids that stimulate the aunts observe the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that stimulate the boys encourage the man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The kids that stimulate the carpenters approve the singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that	The kids that stimulate the girls know the father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that	The kids that stimulate the mothers understand the singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The kids that stimulate the victims observe the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that understand the guys observe the friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that understand the mothers engage the guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that admire the boys confuse the singer	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The lawyers that admire the girls discourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that admire the guys encourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that admire the victims discourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that admire the victims know the guy	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the aunts discourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the doctors remember the farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the singers criticize the farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the singers engage the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the teachers discourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the teachers know the friend	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the teachers stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that avoid the kids encourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that avoid the singers understand the woman	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that	The lawyers that confuse the guys stimulate the teacher	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that criticize the doctors understand the friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The lawyers that criticize the mothers know the athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that	The lawyers that criticize the uncles greet the athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that criticize the uncles stimulate the singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that discourage the athletes observe the singer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that discourage the fathers understand the uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The lawyers that discourage the men engage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that discourage the teachers observe the uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the athletes criticize the teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the athletes understand the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the aunts observe the poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the uncles know the singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
subjrel_that	The lawyers that engage the boys admire the poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that engage the boys understand the girl	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The lawyers that engage the men avoid the woman	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The lawyers that engage the singers observe the poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that engage the singers understand the doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the boys engage the man	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the girls criticize the uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the kids admire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the mothers remember the father	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the teachers stimulate the aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that inspire the aunts discourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that inspire the doctors observe the aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that inspire the men engage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that inspire the women greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that know the farmers admire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that know the friends criticize the kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that know the guys greet the aunt	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that know the women greet the girl	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the athletes criticize the farmer	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the doctors know the aunt	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the fathers discourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the girls greet the victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the mothers remember the boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the poets criticize the boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the aunts engage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the carpenters engage the mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the fathers admire the kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the friends admire the poet	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the mothers approve the aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the mothers encourage the guy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that stimulate the carpenters greet the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that stimulate the poets avoid the farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The lawyers that stimulate the singers remember the teacher	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The lawyers that understand the aunts admire the mother	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that	The men that admire the mothers inspire the singer	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that	The men that approve the fathers admire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The men that approve the mothers greet the farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The men that approve the victims observe the farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The men that avoid the doctors criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that avoid the fathers encourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The men that avoid the lawyers understand the teacher	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that	The men that avoid the teachers remember the aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The men that confuse the aunts remember the mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The men that confuse the guys approve the athlete	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The men that confuse the uncles observe the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the boys admire the woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the carpenters confuse the singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the carpenters discourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the farmers observe the singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the fathers discourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the lawyers inspire the girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the poets greet the uncle	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the singers approve the friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the singers observe the poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the aunts avoid the guy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the aunts encourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the boys greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the fathers remember the teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the kids stimulate the boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the athletes understand the boy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the farmers understand the woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the uncles know the victim	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
subjrel_that	The men that engage the aunts stimulate the kid	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that greet the doctors admire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The men that greet the fathers stimulate the athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that greet the girls know the woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The men that greet the mothers stimulate the kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that inspire the teachers remember the woman	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that	The men that inspire the women stimulate the kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that know the fathers avoid the singer	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
subjrel_that	The men that know the mothers encourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
subjrel_that	The men that observe the friends admire the father	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
subjrel_that	The men that observe the singers inspire the poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The men that remember the aunts know the uncle	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The men that remember the boys criticize the mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that remember the carpenters discourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The men that remember the kids inspire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that	The men that remember the victims engage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The men that stimulate the farmers know the guy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that	The men that stimulate the teachers criticize the farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that understand the doctors admire the friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that	The men that understand the fathers greet the uncle	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The men that understand the guys engage the mother	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that	The mothers that admire the guys confuse the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The mothers that admire the guys stimulate the doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that admire the lawyers approve the uncle	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that admire the teachers engage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The mothers that admire the victims criticize the kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The mothers that admire the victims remember the teacher	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that	The mothers that approve the aunts confuse the man	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that	The mothers that approve the carpenters know the aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that	The mothers that approve the doctors discourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that approve the fathers inspire the farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The mothers that approve the lawyers admire the friend	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The mothers that approve the singers inspire the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The mothers that approve the women avoid the man	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The mothers that avoid the guys approve the uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that avoid the men admire the poet	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The mothers that avoid the poets stimulate the kid	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that avoid the uncles discourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that confuse the poets stimulate the doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that criticize the teachers inspire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The mothers that criticize the uncles approve the father	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that criticize the uncles understand the teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The mothers that criticize the women inspire the kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The mothers that discourage the aunts greet the friend	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The mothers that discourage the boys greet the uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The mothers that discourage the doctors admire the kid	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The mothers that discourage the kids observe the doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observes
subjrel_that	The mothers that discourage the lawyers greet the teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The mothers that discourage the lawyers inspire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The mothers that discourage the lawyers know the doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
subjrel_that	The mothers that encourage the carpenters discourage the father	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that encourage the fathers discourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that engage the athletes avoid the doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The mothers that engage the girls know the teacher	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The mothers that engage the men approve the woman	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that engage the men discourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that engage the men encourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that engage the teachers stimulate the doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that engage the victims greet the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the carpenters approve the doctor	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the poets inspire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the singers stimulate the aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the uncles inspire the guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The mothers that inspire the carpenters greet the doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The mothers that inspire the farmers encourage the man	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that inspire the poets avoid the man	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The mothers that inspire the teachers greet the friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The mothers that inspire the women encourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that know the farmers discourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the farmers stimulate the kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the fathers encourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the girls inspire the victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the singers confuse the victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The mothers that remember the athletes discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that remember the girls approve the man	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that remember the singers approve the doctor	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that stimulate the women discourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that understand the uncles stimulate the friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The poets that admire the aunts confuse the friend	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that admire the fathers engage the boy	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The poets that admire the men understand the doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The poets that approve the farmers greet the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that approve the girls greet the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that approve the mothers avoid the father	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The poets that approve the mothers understand the man	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The poets that approve the women engage the girl	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The poets that avoid the mothers encourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the carpenters criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the carpenters inspire the farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the carpenters observe the friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the friends engage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the girls understand the aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the kids engage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the uncles know the mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the carpenters greet the farmer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the doctors greet the woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the doctors observe the victim	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the farmers greet the guy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the girls admire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the guys discourage the girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the singers remember the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The poets that discourage the carpenters greet the guy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that discourage the guys confuse the kid	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that discourage the guys observe the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observes
subjrel_that	The poets that discourage the teachers engage the boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
subjrel_that	The poets that encourage the fathers avoid the singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The poets that encourage the friends engage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The poets that engage the farmers avoid the teacher	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the guys stimulate the uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the guys stimulate the woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the mothers confuse the kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that inspire the lawyers understand the girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that	The poets that inspire the men encourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that know the athletes admire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The poets that know the farmers confuse the boy	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that know the girls approve the father	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that	The poets that know the guys remember the victim	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The poets that know the men inspire the girl	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that know the uncles admire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The poets that observe the aunts encourage the guy	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that observe the mothers engage the father	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The poets that observe the uncles greet the kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that remember the carpenters encourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that remember the fathers discourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The poets that remember the men approve the girl	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The poets that remember the men inspire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that stimulate the carpenters criticize the singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The poets that stimulate the lawyers understand the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The poets that stimulate the men inspire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the boys remember the guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the friends know the woman	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the lawyers discourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the uncles know the father	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that	The singers that admire the doctors understand the father	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The singers that admire the girls confuse the guy	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The singers that approve the athletes understand the aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The singers that approve the girls engage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The singers that approve the victims engage the kid	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The singers that avoid the athletes encourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The singers that avoid the farmers engage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that	The singers that avoid the fathers remember the uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The singers that avoid the friends confuse the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The singers that avoid the men understand the uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that	The singers that avoid the mothers observe the victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observes
subjrel_that	The singers that confuse the doctors remember the farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The singers that criticize the boys stimulate the farmer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The singers that criticize the farmers know the victim	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that	The singers that criticize the guys approve the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The singers that criticize the guys approve the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The singers that criticize the guys remember the kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The singers that criticize the kids understand the father	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The singers that discourage the friends criticize the teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The singers that discourage the men observe the farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observes
subjrel_that	The singers that discourage the victims remember the guy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The singers that discourage the women stimulate the doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The singers that encourage the doctors stimulate the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The singers that encourage the poets confuse the kid	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The singers that encourage the women confuse the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The singers that encourage the women observe the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The singers that encourage the women understand the girl	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The singers that engage the aunts inspire the guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
subjrel_that	The singers that engage the kids stimulate the victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The singers that engage the lawyers observe the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The singers that engage the uncles admire the farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The singers that greet the boys understand the woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that	The singers that greet the kids criticize the athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that	The singers that greet the lawyers admire the woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The singers that greet the mothers observe the doctor	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
subjrel_that	The singers that inspire the aunts greet the friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The singers that inspire the lawyers know the boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that	The singers that inspire the mothers encourage the friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The singers that inspire the women stimulate the poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The singers that know the mothers understand the aunt	plural	plural	singular	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The singers that observe the aunts criticize the poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The singers that observe the friends know the athlete	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The singers that observe the teachers criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The singers that observe the teachers criticize the victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the farmers avoid the kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the friends avoid the man	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the victims admire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the victims encourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The singers that stimulate the athletes approve the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that	The singers that stimulate the farmers criticize the doctor	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The singers that stimulate the guys discourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that	The singers that stimulate the teachers remember the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The singers that understand the boys admire the victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that	The singers that understand the carpenters engage the guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that	The singers that understand the men inspire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that	The teachers that admire the girls avoid the poet	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
subjrel_that	The teachers that admire the lawyers inspire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that	The teachers that admire the men stimulate the mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The teachers that admire the poets greet the uncle	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
subjrel_that	The teachers that admire the poets observe the mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
subjrel_that	The teachers that admire the singers approve the doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The teachers that admire the victims encourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that approve the aunts remember the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that approve the boys admire the kid	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that approve the poets encourage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that avoid the boys know the poet	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The teachers that avoid the lawyers understand the victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that	The teachers that avoid the men know the girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The teachers that confuse the fathers discourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that confuse the guys know the victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
subjrel_that	The teachers that confuse the lawyers remember the uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that confuse the men approve the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The teachers that confuse the poets engage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The teachers that criticize the aunts observe the guy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The teachers that criticize the boys greet the friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that	The teachers that discourage the boys understand the victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The teachers that discourage the fathers remember the guy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that discourage the lawyers admire the farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that discourage the mothers criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The teachers that encourage the uncles stimulate the guy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the doctors admire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the lawyers criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the poets remember the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the uncles know the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the victims approve the boy	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the women know the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The teachers that greet the athletes avoid the father	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that	The teachers that greet the carpenters discourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that greet the farmers confuse the athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The teachers that greet the farmers remember the father	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that greet the friends inspire the woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The teachers that inspire the lawyers encourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the lawyers remember the man	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the men encourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that observe the fathers encourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that observe the singers know the farmer	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The teachers that remember the doctors admire the athlete	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that remember the poets observe the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The teachers that remember the singers encourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the fathers admire the girl	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the victims criticize the guy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the victims discourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that understand the athletes inspire the man	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that	The teachers that understand the friends remember the farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that understand the mothers discourage the girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that understand the mothers engage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that admire the athletes avoid the poet	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
subjrel_that	The uncles that approve the aunts avoid the man	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The uncles that approve the farmers encourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that approve the fathers greet the friend	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The uncles that approve the friends encourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that approve the friends engage the boy	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that approve the kids observe the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The uncles that approve the poets criticize the teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that avoid the athletes encourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that avoid the doctors remember the woman	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The uncles that avoid the kids encourage the man	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the boys understand the guy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that	The uncles that criticize the athletes discourage the girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that criticize the girls discourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that criticize the singers approve the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The uncles that criticize the women know the teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the lawyers inspire the victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the victims remember the woman	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the women know the farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
subjrel_that	The uncles that encourage the athletes criticize the teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that encourage the kids understand the athlete	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The uncles that encourage the singers criticize the athlete	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that engage the doctors confuse the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The uncles that greet the guys discourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that greet the lawyers know the teacher	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The uncles that greet the mothers engage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that greet the teachers approve the singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The uncles that inspire the boys avoid the aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The uncles that inspire the farmers greet the guy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The uncles that inspire the victims observe the kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The uncles that know the farmers inspire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The uncles that know the fathers criticize the singer	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that know the lawyers remember the athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The uncles that know the victims approve the father	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that	The uncles that know the victims inspire the boy	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The uncles that observe the athletes encourage the father	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that observe the girls avoid the kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The uncles that observe the lawyers remember the man	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The uncles that observe the mothers avoid the aunt	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The uncles that observe the victims inspire the father	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The uncles that remember the kids understand the friend	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The uncles that stimulate the aunts inspire the girl	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The uncles that stimulate the farmers encourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that stimulate the lawyers admire the friend	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that	The uncles that stimulate the lawyers criticize the singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that understand the fathers confuse the friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The uncles that understand the fathers confuse the teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The uncles that understand the friends remember the girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The victims that approve the teachers understand the man	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The victims that avoid the friends confuse the farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The victims that avoid the girls stimulate the athlete	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that	The victims that avoid the kids discourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that	The victims that avoid the men approve the uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approves
subjrel_that	The victims that avoid the uncles admire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The victims that confuse the carpenters encourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The victims that confuse the carpenters engage the father	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The victims that confuse the men stimulate the doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The victims that criticize the guys confuse the woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that	The victims that criticize the kids stimulate the farmer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The victims that criticize the mothers engage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The victims that discourage the aunts approve the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The victims that discourage the boys stimulate the teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The victims that discourage the farmers admire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The victims that discourage the lawyers understand the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The victims that discourage the men engage the mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
subjrel_that	The victims that encourage the boys confuse the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The victims that encourage the kids inspire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The victims that encourage the mothers criticize the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The victims that engage the athletes admire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The victims that engage the athletes stimulate the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The victims that engage the aunts stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The victims that engage the kids avoid the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The victims that engage the kids remember the uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The victims that greet the fathers confuse the mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The victims that greet the mothers engage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The victims that greet the poets understand the mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that	The victims that greet the teachers understand the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that	The victims that inspire the friends criticize the doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The victims that inspire the teachers approve the uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The victims that know the aunts criticize the athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that	The victims that know the fathers observe the friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The victims that observe the aunts know the kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The victims that remember the lawyers admire the mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The victims that remember the men inspire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that	The victims that stimulate the boys understand the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The victims that stimulate the doctors remember the mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The victims that stimulate the farmers encourage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The victims that stimulate the friends approve the farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that	The victims that understand the athletes know the girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that	The victims that understand the aunts avoid the singer	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
subjrel_that	The victims that understand the boys stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The victims that understand the kids avoid the aunt	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
subjrel_that	The women that approve the carpenters engage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The women that approve the guys admire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The women that approve the men encourage the mother	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The women that approve the poets criticize the friend	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The women that approve the singers inspire the man	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The women that approve the teachers engage the mother	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The women that approve the uncles greet the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The women that approve the victims observe the singer	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The women that avoid the aunts discourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that	The women that avoid the farmers confuse the uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The women that avoid the farmers criticize the guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that	The women that avoid the lawyers inspire the guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The women that avoid the victims greet the girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The women that confuse the men inspire the farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The women that confuse the men stimulate the singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The women that confuse the poets engage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The women that confuse the singers discourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The women that confuse the singers greet the boy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that	The women that criticize the aunts engage the guy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The women that criticize the girls avoid the aunt	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The women that criticize the singers encourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that	The women that criticize the teachers observe the father	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The women that criticize the teachers remember the mother	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The women that criticize the victims observe the farmer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The women that discourage the farmers approve the teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The women that discourage the teachers criticize the kid	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The women that encourage the girls understand the friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The women that encourage the singers avoid the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The women that encourage the victims know the aunt	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
subjrel_that	The women that encourage the victims stimulate the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The women that engage the aunts know the poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The women that engage the friends admire the victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The women that engage the friends observe the uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The women that engage the men admire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The women that greet the carpenters avoid the poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that	The women that greet the girls remember the uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The women that greet the mothers engage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The women that inspire the mothers stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The women that inspire the singers greet the man	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The women that know the friends observe the mother	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The women that observe the boys admire the friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
subjrel_that	The women that observe the farmers discourage the mother	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The women that observe the farmers engage the man	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The women that observe the friends know the victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The women that observe the girls remember the man	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The women that observe the kids understand the boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that	The women that observe the kids understand the poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that	The women that remember the athletes approve the aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The women that remember the athletes inspire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that	The women that remember the aunts stimulate the doctor	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The women that remember the guys encourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The women that stimulate the lawyers admire the boy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that	The women that understand the carpenters engage the doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that	The women that understand the lawyers greet the guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that admire the aunts greet the girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that admire the aunts know the uncles	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The athletes that admire the fathers greet the victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that admire the victims understand the guys	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The athletes that approve the lawyers greet the friends	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that approve the men remember the uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The athletes that approve the teachers avoid the victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that approve the uncles confuse the friends	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
subjrel_that	The athletes that avoid the carpenters engage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
subjrel_that	The athletes that avoid the fathers confuse the singers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The athletes that confuse the fathers avoid the poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that confuse the friends greet the mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that confuse the kids approve the fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that criticize the aunts remember the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The athletes that criticize the boys remember the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The athletes that criticize the singers engage the men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The athletes that criticize the teachers inspire the kids	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that discourage the aunts engage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
subjrel_that	The athletes that discourage the farmers know the singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
subjrel_that	The athletes that discourage the friends understand the boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The athletes that discourage the poets approve the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that encourage the girls approve the farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that encourage the guys understand the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The athletes that encourage the poets stimulate the teachers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The athletes that engage the singers encourage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that engage the uncles confuse the guys	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The athletes that engage the victims observe the girls	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The athletes that greet the lawyers encourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the boys engage the friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the farmers admire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the men greet the poets	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the mothers admire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the victims approve the doctors	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the aunts avoid the guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the fathers confuse the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the girls discourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the poets approve the kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the teachers remember the singers	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the uncles confuse the men	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the women understand the boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The athletes that observe the friends confuse the poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The athletes that observe the kids discourage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that remember the doctors observe the mothers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The athletes that remember the poets avoid the women	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that remember the poets observe the guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the kids remember the fathers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the poets inspire the doctors	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that understand the boys engage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that	The athletes that understand the guys encourage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that understand the lawyers encourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that understand the singers confuse the uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The athletes that understand the uncles criticize the friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The athletes that understand the uncles inspire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that	The aunts that admire the friends criticize the farmers	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The aunts that admire the poets encourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that approve the singers observe the kids	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The aunts that approve the teachers inspire the men	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The aunts that avoid the farmers admire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The aunts that avoid the friends greet the doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The aunts that avoid the girls confuse the singers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The aunts that avoid the lawyers engage the girls	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
subjrel_that	The aunts that avoid the mothers encourage the men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that confuse the athletes remember the farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The aunts that confuse the girls stimulate the mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The aunts that confuse the guys know the friends	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that	The aunts that criticize the fathers discourage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that criticize the girls admire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The aunts that criticize the girls encourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that criticize the girls greet the mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that	The aunts that criticize the kids observe the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The aunts that criticize the teachers approve the men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The aunts that discourage the boys understand the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The aunts that discourage the fathers know the men	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
subjrel_that	The aunts that discourage the friends avoid the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The aunts that discourage the guys confuse the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The aunts that encourage the farmers engage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The aunts that encourage the girls engage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The aunts that engage the carpenters avoid the girls	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The aunts that engage the carpenters confuse the friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The aunts that engage the carpenters discourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that engage the doctors know the fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The aunts that engage the guys criticize the athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The aunts that engage the kids know the mothers	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The aunts that engage the mothers criticize the poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The aunts that greet the fathers discourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that greet the friends inspire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The aunts that greet the poets engage the victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The aunts that greet the teachers remember the women	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The aunts that inspire the boys remember the women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that	The aunts that inspire the men approve the farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The aunts that inspire the men know the friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that	The aunts that inspire the mothers admire the singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The aunts that inspire the poets admire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The aunts that know the friends confuse the guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The aunts that know the girls discourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that know the victims stimulate the farmers	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The aunts that observe the girls stimulate the athletes	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The aunts that observe the men confuse the farmers	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The aunts that remember the boys understand the uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The aunts that remember the teachers engage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The aunts that remember the uncles engage the singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The aunts that stimulate the athletes observe the friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The aunts that stimulate the carpenters greet the singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The aunts that stimulate the mothers encourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that understand the carpenters avoid the girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
subjrel_that	The aunts that understand the carpenters remember the guys	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The aunts that understand the men observe the boys	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The boys that admire the mothers understand the aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The boys that admire the women engage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The boys that approve the friends encourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The boys that approve the uncles understand the women	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The boys that avoid the fathers confuse the athletes	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The boys that avoid the guys stimulate the farmers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that	The boys that avoid the men inspire the victims	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The boys that avoid the uncles engage the friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
subjrel_that	The boys that avoid the victims observe the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
subjrel_that	The boys that avoid the women discourage the men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that	The boys that confuse the uncles engage the men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The boys that criticize the doctors understand the kids	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The boys that criticize the friends confuse the victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that	The boys that criticize the men engage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The boys that criticize the singers discourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The boys that criticize the singers understand the aunts	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The boys that criticize the teachers avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The boys that criticize the women admire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that discourage the lawyers encourage the men	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that	The boys that discourage the lawyers know the victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
subjrel_that	The boys that discourage the singers understand the teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The boys that encourage the farmers know the guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
subjrel_that	The boys that encourage the uncles approve the guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the athletes stimulate the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the fathers greet the doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the kids admire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the lawyers observe the teachers	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the mothers criticize the poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the victims admire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that greet the athletes understand the singers	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
subjrel_that	The boys that greet the men encourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The boys that greet the women observe the girls	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that	The boys that inspire the guys greet the men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The boys that inspire the men know the women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that	The boys that inspire the teachers understand the victims	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that	The boys that know the athletes understand the kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The boys that know the farmers engage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
subjrel_that	The boys that know the fathers inspire the guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The boys that know the guys observe the poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The boys that observe the friends encourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The boys that observe the kids know the guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The boys that observe the women know the poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The boys that remember the lawyers discourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The boys that remember the mothers avoid the women	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The boys that remember the singers observe the teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The boys that remember the victims greet the singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The boys that understand the friends observe the women	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that admire the doctors avoid the victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that admire the girls understand the men	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that admire the lawyers greet the uncles	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the farmers know the mothers	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the guys criticize the women	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the poets inspire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the women encourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the women understand the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that confuse the boys encourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that criticize the doctors avoid the singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that criticize the girls engage the singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that discourage the singers understand the farmers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that discourage the uncles understand the poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that discourage the victims avoid the women	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that encourage the doctors greet the victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The carpenters that encourage the men confuse the aunts	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The carpenters that encourage the poets observe the singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that greet the doctors encourage the kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that greet the girls avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that inspire the athletes greet the farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The carpenters that inspire the kids engage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that know the boys understand the aunts	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that know the teachers discourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that know the women criticize the girls	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that observe the friends know the guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The carpenters that observe the guys understand the singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that remember the singers stimulate the aunts	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The carpenters that stimulate the girls avoid the kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that stimulate the girls engage the friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that understand the kids encourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that understand the victims criticize the boys	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The doctors that admire the farmers avoid the girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
subjrel_that	The doctors that admire the guys inspire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that	The doctors that admire the poets confuse the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The doctors that approve the fathers inspire the victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The doctors that approve the girls criticize the friends	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The doctors that confuse the aunts inspire the friends	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The doctors that confuse the friends know the farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that	The doctors that confuse the girls approve the teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The doctors that confuse the kids inspire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The doctors that confuse the mothers know the poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that	The doctors that confuse the uncles engage the victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The doctors that criticize the boys approve the men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The doctors that criticize the boys understand the farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The doctors that criticize the farmers encourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that criticize the guys stimulate the victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The doctors that criticize the victims observe the singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the athletes confuse the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the carpenters stimulate the poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the farmers criticize the poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the fathers confuse the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the lawyers greet the farmers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the women confuse the men	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The doctors that encourage the athletes engage the guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The doctors that encourage the aunts observe the athletes	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The doctors that encourage the boys greet the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The doctors that encourage the lawyers greet the aunts	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The doctors that encourage the mothers criticize the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The doctors that encourage the poets criticize the singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The doctors that engage the farmers remember the teachers	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The doctors that engage the mothers discourage the boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that engage the teachers avoid the singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The doctors that engage the victims greet the teachers	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The doctors that greet the guys confuse the athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The doctors that greet the mothers know the athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The doctors that inspire the athletes understand the girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that	The doctors that know the athletes admire the boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The doctors that know the athletes stimulate the fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The doctors that know the friends inspire the guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The doctors that know the friends understand the boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The doctors that know the kids approve the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
subjrel_that	The doctors that know the uncles avoid the boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the guys engage the singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the kids greet the girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the lawyers admire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the mothers approve the girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the mothers greet the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the poets understand the teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
subjrel_that	The doctors that remember the aunts greet the victims	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The doctors that remember the kids understand the women	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The doctors that remember the women encourage the men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that stimulate the boys encourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that stimulate the fathers encourage the poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that stimulate the guys confuse the farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The doctors that stimulate the singers approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that	The doctors that stimulate the teachers know the poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that	The doctors that understand the kids encourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that admire the guys discourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that admire the kids criticize the aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The farmers that admire the kids observe the men	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
subjrel_that	The farmers that approve the aunts confuse the fathers	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
subjrel_that	The farmers that avoid the fathers criticize the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that	The farmers that avoid the friends remember the doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The farmers that avoid the lawyers discourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that avoid the men approve the athletes	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
subjrel_that	The farmers that confuse the aunts admire the girls	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
subjrel_that	The farmers that criticize the boys avoid the kids	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The farmers that criticize the singers admire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The farmers that criticize the victims discourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that discourage the athletes confuse the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The farmers that discourage the doctors inspire the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The farmers that discourage the fathers confuse the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The farmers that discourage the teachers admire the boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The farmers that encourage the aunts understand the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The farmers that encourage the friends understand the singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The farmers that encourage the uncles avoid the doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The farmers that encourage the women greet the guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that engage the boys encourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that engage the boys greet the women	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that engage the doctors know the boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The farmers that greet the girls remember the mothers	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The farmers that greet the mothers engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The farmers that greet the victims know the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The farmers that inspire the boys discourage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that inspire the fathers confuse the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The farmers that inspire the fathers discourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that inspire the fathers observe the doctors	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The farmers that inspire the friends greet the kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that inspire the men engage the guys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The farmers that know the carpenters stimulate the teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The farmers that know the men greet the girls	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that observe the mothers remember the victims	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the athletes know the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the girls avoid the athletes	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the uncles criticize the guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the victims approve the teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The farmers that stimulate the aunts criticize the doctors	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The farmers that stimulate the poets criticize the doctors	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The farmers that stimulate the singers avoid the aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The farmers that stimulate the singers remember the teachers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The farmers that understand the athletes confuse the friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The farmers that understand the aunts engage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that	The farmers that understand the boys inspire the kids	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that	The farmers that understand the guys admire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
subjrel_that	The farmers that understand the men observe the poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The fathers that admire the boys criticize the women	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The fathers that admire the doctors confuse the poets	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The fathers that admire the friends remember the kids	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
subjrel_that	The fathers that admire the kids understand the athletes	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The fathers that approve the boys understand the friends	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the aunts approve the kids	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the doctors admire the poets	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the kids approve the aunts	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the uncles greet the doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the victims observe the poets	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the women greet the mothers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The fathers that confuse the farmers know the victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that	The fathers that confuse the uncles remember the women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The fathers that criticize the carpenters inspire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The fathers that criticize the guys know the kids	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that	The fathers that criticize the lawyers discourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that criticize the victims observe the kids	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The fathers that discourage the aunts greet the guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The fathers that encourage the carpenters avoid the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The fathers that encourage the doctors understand the victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The fathers that encourage the girls approve the singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that encourage the victims stimulate the uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The fathers that engage the farmers approve the guys	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that engage the mothers discourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that greet the aunts engage the men	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The fathers that greet the carpenters stimulate the friends	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The fathers that inspire the doctors criticize the women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The fathers that inspire the friends know the poets	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that	The fathers that know the women encourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that observe the aunts approve the doctors	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that remember the guys observe the teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The fathers that remember the lawyers greet the athletes	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The fathers that stimulate the men criticize the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The fathers that understand the mothers criticize the uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The fathers that understand the victims encourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The friends that admire the carpenters discourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that	The friends that avoid the aunts discourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that	The friends that avoid the carpenters confuse the boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that avoid the guys greet the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The friends that avoid the men remember the fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The friends that avoid the uncles criticize the kids	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that	The friends that confuse the fathers remember the doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The friends that confuse the girls engage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The friends that confuse the singers admire the men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
subjrel_that	The friends that confuse the singers inspire the doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The friends that confuse the singers know the boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that	The friends that criticize the athletes understand the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The friends that criticize the boys encourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that	The friends that criticize the fathers remember the farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The friends that criticize the teachers greet the doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the carpenters greet the kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the doctors encourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the girls know the kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the teachers understand the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The friends that encourage the kids know the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
subjrel_that	The friends that encourage the lawyers understand the farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The friends that encourage the men admire the girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that	The friends that engage the carpenters encourage the women	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The friends that engage the poets avoid the athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The friends that engage the poets inspire the girls	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
subjrel_that	The friends that engage the victims approve the guys	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that	The friends that greet the boys engage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The friends that greet the carpenters encourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The friends that greet the mothers approve the farmers	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The friends that inspire the girls encourage the kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The friends that inspire the men admire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The friends that inspire the men understand the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that	The friends that inspire the singers greet the teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The friends that know the guys confuse the women	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that know the guys greet the men	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The friends that know the singers inspire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The friends that know the women stimulate the aunts	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The friends that observe the guys know the aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The friends that remember the guys engage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The friends that remember the guys greet the poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The friends that remember the teachers approve the victims	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The friends that stimulate the farmers encourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The friends that stimulate the teachers engage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that	The friends that stimulate the victims remember the doctors	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The friends that understand the farmers avoid the girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
subjrel_that	The friends that understand the girls confuse the women	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that understand the mothers stimulate the doctors	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The friends that understand the victims inspire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that	The girls that admire the aunts criticize the women	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The girls that admire the doctors understand the mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The girls that admire the uncles criticize the men	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The girls that approve the doctors stimulate the aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that	The girls that approve the men greet the farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The girls that approve the mothers criticize the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The girls that approve the uncles criticize the farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The girls that avoid the mothers admire the kids	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The girls that avoid the victims discourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that	The girls that confuse the farmers avoid the men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that confuse the fathers remember the men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The girls that confuse the men observe the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the carpenters understand the mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the poets avoid the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that discourage the athletes inspire the farmers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The girls that discourage the aunts understand the singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The girls that discourage the friends admire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The girls that discourage the kids encourage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that	The girls that discourage the lawyers inspire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The girls that discourage the mothers understand the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The girls that discourage the victims avoid the teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that encourage the fathers greet the men	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The girls that encourage the lawyers know the poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that engage the boys encourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The girls that engage the mothers confuse the farmers	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The girls that engage the victims observe the friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The girls that greet the athletes know the kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that greet the teachers observe the singers	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that	The girls that inspire the uncles admire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The girls that know the boys understand the uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The girls that know the friends observe the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The girls that observe the fathers approve the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
subjrel_that	The girls that observe the guys avoid the boys	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that observe the singers encourage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The girls that observe the uncles criticize the singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The girls that remember the aunts avoid the women	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that remember the mothers greet the victims	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The girls that remember the mothers know the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that remember the poets encourage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The girls that stimulate the aunts encourage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The girls that stimulate the fathers admire the men	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that	The girls that stimulate the fathers criticize the uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The girls that stimulate the guys avoid the boys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that stimulate the poets remember the aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The girls that understand the boys observe the kids	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The guys that admire the carpenters encourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that admire the friends stimulate the farmers	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the friends encourage the women	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the lawyers encourage the men	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the men remember the uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the victims criticize the teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The guys that avoid the kids approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that avoid the men stimulate the athletes	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that	The guys that avoid the women engage the boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
subjrel_that	The guys that confuse the girls inspire the victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The guys that confuse the uncles understand the victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
subjrel_that	The guys that criticize the poets discourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that criticize the singers approve the men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that discourage the friends criticize the athletes	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The guys that discourage the kids encourage the women	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that discourage the uncles approve the women	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the aunts criticize the teachers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the boys inspire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the men engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the aunts stimulate the kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the farmers criticize the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the kids discourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the men understand the mothers	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The guys that greet the boys stimulate the fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The guys that greet the girls observe the athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that	The guys that greet the lawyers confuse the aunts	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The guys that greet the singers understand the mothers	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
subjrel_that	The guys that greet the teachers encourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that inspire the aunts admire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The guys that inspire the girls confuse the aunts	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The guys that inspire the kids approve the fathers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that inspire the lawyers greet the victims	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The guys that inspire the singers engage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The guys that know the boys admire the men	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The guys that know the girls greet the men	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The guys that know the girls inspire the men	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The guys that know the poets observe the boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The guys that observe the lawyers know the men	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The guys that observe the uncles discourage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the aunts greet the doctors	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the singers encourage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the uncles stimulate the poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the victims discourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the women stimulate the poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The guys that stimulate the boys criticize the mothers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The guys that stimulate the kids engage the friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that	The guys that stimulate the women encourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that understand the aunts observe the teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The guys that understand the friends criticize the kids	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The kids that admire the girls approve the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The kids that admire the guys understand the teachers	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The kids that admire the lawyers criticize the farmers	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The kids that admire the singers discourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that	The kids that approve the farmers encourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The kids that approve the fathers engage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that approve the girls inspire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The kids that approve the guys avoid the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The kids that avoid the boys admire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The kids that avoid the boys encourage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The kids that avoid the friends stimulate the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that	The kids that confuse the guys engage the singers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that confuse the teachers encourage the men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The kids that criticize the athletes know the doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that	The kids that criticize the athletes know the girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that	The kids that criticize the aunts discourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The kids that criticize the poets remember the aunts	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The kids that discourage the carpenters engage the singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that discourage the farmers inspire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The kids that discourage the farmers know the uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
subjrel_that	The kids that discourage the girls engage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that encourage the aunts know the boys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
subjrel_that	The kids that encourage the mothers observe the boys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that engage the fathers greet the aunts	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The kids that engage the lawyers criticize the victims	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The kids that greet the boys inspire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The kids that greet the fathers criticize the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that	The kids that greet the poets observe the victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that inspire the athletes avoid the farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The kids that inspire the aunts greet the boys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The kids that inspire the boys know the men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that	The kids that inspire the poets approve the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The kids that know the men remember the aunts	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The kids that know the poets inspire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The kids that know the teachers admire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The kids that know the victims discourage the women	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
subjrel_that	The kids that observe the athletes approve the girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
subjrel_that	The kids that observe the women encourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The kids that remember the boys discourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The kids that remember the girls stimulate the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The kids that remember the men know the poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The kids that remember the teachers avoid the doctors	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The kids that remember the teachers avoid the singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The kids that stimulate the mothers criticize the uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The kids that understand the athletes encourage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The kids that understand the mothers know the men	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
subjrel_that	The kids that understand the singers stimulate the victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that admire the athletes confuse the boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The lawyers that admire the doctors approve the fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The lawyers that admire the mothers approve the singers	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The lawyers that admire the women confuse the poets	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The lawyers that admire the women stimulate the friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that admire the women understand the farmers	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the girls understand the friends	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the mothers confuse the kids	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the mothers confuse the teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the poets know the uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the women avoid the men	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The lawyers that avoid the uncles know the kids	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The lawyers that confuse the athletes approve the guys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The lawyers that confuse the mothers understand the teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
subjrel_that	The lawyers that criticize the athletes encourage the women	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that criticize the carpenters confuse the farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that	The lawyers that criticize the fathers avoid the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The lawyers that criticize the mothers discourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that criticize the uncles observe the singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that discourage the athletes observe the doctors	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that discourage the boys approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The lawyers that discourage the victims approve the girls	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the boys approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the girls approve the boys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the poets avoid the uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the poets stimulate the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the victims admire the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the victims confuse the doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the victims observe the farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that engage the men inspire the poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the kids criticize the women	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the poets remember the uncles	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the uncles remember the farmers	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the victims discourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the women know the doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The lawyers that inspire the friends observe the girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that inspire the poets confuse the guys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The lawyers that inspire the uncles greet the guys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that inspire the women greet the men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that inspire the women know the teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that	The lawyers that know the doctors criticize the uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that know the doctors criticize the women	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that know the doctors discourage the kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that know the fathers observe the mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that know the girls discourage the boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that know the kids admire the girls	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the boys know the singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the carpenters encourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the farmers know the fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the friends inspire the poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the girls greet the aunts	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the teachers greet the guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that stimulate the athletes confuse the mothers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The lawyers that stimulate the carpenters understand the boys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The lawyers that stimulate the mothers understand the uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The lawyers that stimulate the uncles confuse the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The lawyers that stimulate the uncles encourage the poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that stimulate the women engage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that stimulate the women engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that understand the athletes stimulate the mothers	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that understand the boys confuse the friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The lawyers that understand the farmers avoid the mothers	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
subjrel_that	The lawyers that understand the girls observe the athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that understand the men encourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that understand the mothers inspire the guys	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that understand the teachers engage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that understand the victims encourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The men that admire the athletes approve the guys	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The men that admire the kids approve the women	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The men that admire the lawyers avoid the mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
subjrel_that	The men that admire the uncles encourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The men that approve the aunts discourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The men that approve the doctors greet the victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The men that approve the farmers avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The men that approve the girls stimulate the aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that approve the women criticize the athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that avoid the athletes inspire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The men that avoid the kids criticize the athletes	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that confuse the athletes encourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The men that confuse the boys remember the farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The men that confuse the mothers criticize the guys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that confuse the uncles greet the women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the doctors understand the girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the guys discourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the guys engage the poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the poets engage the friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the aunts approve the singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the boys admire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the fathers criticize the boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the girls avoid the farmers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the girls criticize the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the teachers approve the fathers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the teachers stimulate the aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the victims understand the girls	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the victims understand the poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the athletes avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the athletes confuse the boys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the farmers greet the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the friends discourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the guys understand the uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the poets stimulate the farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the teachers stimulate the athletes	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the uncles remember the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the victims know the farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
subjrel_that	The men that engage the carpenters admire the kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The men that engage the carpenters admire the women	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The men that engage the carpenters avoid the guys	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The men that engage the friends know the singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The men that greet the lawyers stimulate the doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that greet the singers discourage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The men that greet the women stimulate the boys	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that greet the women understand the uncles	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
subjrel_that	The men that inspire the fathers engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The men that inspire the singers engage the girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The men that know the girls engage the singers	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
subjrel_that	The men that know the women inspire the friends	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The men that observe the fathers admire the boys	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
subjrel_that	The men that observe the friends stimulate the aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that observe the uncles criticize the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that remember the lawyers inspire the victims	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that	The men that remember the poets understand the victims	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The men that stimulate the fathers know the poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that	The men that stimulate the teachers greet the doctors	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The men that stimulate the uncles criticize the guys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that understand the guys approve the teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that	The men that understand the lawyers approve the farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that	The men that understand the singers confuse the victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The men that understand the uncles approve the girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that admire the athletes confuse the aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The mothers that approve the doctors inspire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The mothers that approve the friends discourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that approve the singers know the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
subjrel_that	The mothers that avoid the athletes approve the doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that avoid the carpenters inspire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The mothers that avoid the girls admire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The mothers that avoid the girls approve the guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that avoid the women observe the boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
subjrel_that	The mothers that confuse the aunts stimulate the victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that confuse the carpenters criticize the teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The mothers that criticize the aunts encourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that criticize the girls encourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that criticize the girls greet the athletes	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that	The mothers that discourage the fathers remember the doctors	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The mothers that discourage the guys confuse the poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The mothers that encourage the farmers inspire the victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The mothers that encourage the men approve the doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that encourage the poets discourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that encourage the teachers inspire the men	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The mothers that encourage the uncles remember the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The mothers that encourage the victims stimulate the friends	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that engage the singers greet the teachers	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the doctors engage the poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the men approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the men encourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the poets admire the victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The mothers that know the men stimulate the teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that know the men understand the poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The mothers that know the women criticize the athletes	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the boys stimulate the girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the carpenters engage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the farmers remember the girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the kids avoid the poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the kids criticize the friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the women criticize the aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The mothers that remember the teachers understand the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The mothers that stimulate the doctors avoid the poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The mothers that stimulate the guys observe the kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The mothers that understand the aunts avoid the athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
subjrel_that	The mothers that understand the doctors observe the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The mothers that understand the doctors observe the teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The mothers that understand the farmers encourage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that admire the victims greet the doctors	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that approve the aunts encourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that approve the boys avoid the uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The poets that avoid the carpenters understand the uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
subjrel_that	The poets that avoid the singers inspire the kids	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the aunts observe the farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the boys remember the singers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the fathers discourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the kids greet the girls	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the singers stimulate the fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the lawyers remember the kids	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the men approve the girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the mothers avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the victims inspire the singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that discourage the teachers encourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that discourage the uncles understand the victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The poets that discourage the women admire the kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The poets that encourage the men inspire the guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that encourage the teachers inspire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that engage the athletes confuse the kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that engage the athletes observe the boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The poets that engage the doctors confuse the victims	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the athletes inspire the friends	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the aunts discourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the carpenters admire the kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the lawyers discourage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the men criticize the uncles	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the singers criticize the mothers	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the women encourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that inspire the girls remember the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that	The poets that inspire the mothers remember the uncles	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that	The poets that inspire the singers confuse the teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that know the doctors greet the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that know the fathers avoid the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
subjrel_that	The poets that know the fathers greet the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that know the girls admire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The poets that know the singers encourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that observe the kids remember the friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The poets that observe the singers encourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that observe the victims encourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that observe the victims inspire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that remember the boys observe the singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The poets that remember the singers observe the girls	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The poets that remember the uncles admire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The poets that stimulate the fathers confuse the friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the boys admire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the farmers approve the friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the lawyers confuse the boys	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the lawyers discourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the uncles greet the athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The singers that admire the girls inspire the friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that	The singers that admire the guys encourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The singers that approve the aunts inspire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The singers that approve the carpenters avoid the uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The singers that avoid the guys encourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The singers that avoid the kids inspire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The singers that avoid the uncles discourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that	The singers that confuse the girls avoid the mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The singers that confuse the lawyers criticize the fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The singers that confuse the lawyers criticize the men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The singers that confuse the poets observe the victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The singers that criticize the guys stimulate the doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The singers that criticize the lawyers discourage the kids	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The singers that criticize the women stimulate the men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The singers that discourage the doctors engage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
subjrel_that	The singers that discourage the farmers avoid the teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The singers that discourage the fathers admire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The singers that encourage the athletes approve the victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The singers that encourage the aunts greet the farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The singers that encourage the doctors understand the uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The singers that encourage the teachers admire the girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that	The singers that encourage the uncles criticize the poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The singers that encourage the women greet the victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The singers that engage the carpenters discourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The singers that greet the aunts know the girls	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The singers that greet the carpenters encourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The singers that greet the doctors stimulate the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The singers that greet the victims inspire the guys	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The singers that inspire the doctors admire the men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The singers that inspire the teachers admire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The singers that inspire the teachers criticize the guys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The singers that know the aunts observe the boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The singers that know the boys inspire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The singers that know the kids admire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The singers that know the men remember the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The singers that observe the fathers admire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
subjrel_that	The singers that observe the mothers remember the kids	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The singers that observe the poets discourage the kids	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The singers that observe the uncles engage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the carpenters discourage the boys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the farmers admire the teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the farmers greet the kids	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the farmers inspire the girls	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the kids observe the farmers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the poets know the guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the victims approve the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the women engage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The singers that understand the doctors greet the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The singers that understand the kids greet the doctors	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The singers that understand the men engage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that	The singers that understand the mothers encourage the women	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that admire the carpenters understand the mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The teachers that admire the kids understand the singers	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The teachers that approve the boys know the guys	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
subjrel_that	The teachers that approve the kids discourage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that approve the kids stimulate the farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that	The teachers that approve the poets avoid the uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The teachers that approve the uncles inspire the doctors	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The teachers that approve the victims remember the uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that avoid the aunts understand the doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
subjrel_that	The teachers that avoid the carpenters confuse the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The teachers that avoid the lawyers remember the guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that avoid the lawyers remember the uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that confuse the athletes inspire the women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The teachers that confuse the fathers remember the doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that confuse the friends criticize the kids	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The teachers that confuse the poets admire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that confuse the victims encourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that criticize the boys encourage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that criticize the carpenters understand the men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The teachers that criticize the farmers encourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that criticize the friends approve the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The teachers that criticize the lawyers discourage the kids	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that criticize the mothers encourage the boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that criticize the singers avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The teachers that criticize the women approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The teachers that discourage the fathers admire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that encourage the aunts observe the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The teachers that encourage the boys confuse the farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The teachers that encourage the fathers criticize the girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The teachers that encourage the victims confuse the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the guys know the victims	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the guys remember the singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that greet the athletes encourage the poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that greet the aunts admire the farmers	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that greet the carpenters encourage the boys	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that greet the doctors engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The teachers that greet the women remember the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that inspire the singers discourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the boys confuse the friends	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the doctors inspire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the guys avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the men encourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the singers approve the poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the uncles criticize the men	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the women greet the uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The teachers that observe the aunts discourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that observe the farmers confuse the fathers	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The teachers that observe the farmers greet the athletes	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The teachers that observe the kids approve the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
subjrel_that	The teachers that observe the men greet the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The teachers that remember the friends confuse the farmers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that	The teachers that remember the kids confuse the friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that	The teachers that remember the lawyers admire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the doctors engage the girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the doctors know the farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the farmers encourage the poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the men avoid the singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the women discourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that understand the farmers observe the girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The teachers that understand the women confuse the fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The uncles that admire the fathers criticize the aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that admire the friends stimulate the girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The uncles that admire the mothers confuse the doctors	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The uncles that approve the boys encourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that approve the farmers understand the teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The uncles that approve the lawyers understand the aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The uncles that approve the singers admire the farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The uncles that approve the singers observe the victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The uncles that avoid the aunts greet the singers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The uncles that avoid the poets admire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the aunts discourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the boys criticize the women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the boys engage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the carpenters criticize the farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the farmers understand the teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the friends inspire the kids	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the girls encourage the women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the men engage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that criticize the victims confuse the girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the athletes confuse the boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the carpenters criticize the guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the fathers criticize the doctors	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the girls remember the fathers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the victims greet the women	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The uncles that encourage the boys engage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that encourage the boys greet the farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The uncles that encourage the mothers stimulate the teachers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The uncles that encourage the mothers understand the friends	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The uncles that encourage the teachers admire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that	The uncles that engage the carpenters remember the girls	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The uncles that engage the girls understand the singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The uncles that greet the aunts encourage the women	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that greet the guys engage the victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that greet the lawyers stimulate the girls	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The uncles that greet the singers avoid the friends	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that	The uncles that inspire the athletes encourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that inspire the doctors remember the women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that	The uncles that inspire the fathers engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that inspire the guys observe the women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The uncles that inspire the singers confuse the women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The uncles that inspire the singers engage the guys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that inspire the women criticize the men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that know the men inspire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The uncles that know the singers encourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that observe the lawyers encourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that observe the mothers understand the victims	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
subjrel_that	The uncles that observe the victims stimulate the athletes	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The uncles that remember the farmers engage the friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that remember the men stimulate the poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The uncles that remember the poets greet the teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The uncles that remember the victims observe the women	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The uncles that remember the victims stimulate the men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The uncles that remember the women confuse the boys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that	The uncles that stimulate the men approve the kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that	The uncles that stimulate the singers encourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that understand the athletes approve the doctors	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that	The uncles that understand the guys encourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that understand the guys greet the farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The victims that admire the farmers know the friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The victims that admire the friends criticize the women	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The victims that admire the friends discourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that	The victims that admire the friends greet the farmers	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
subjrel_that	The victims that admire the girls criticize the mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The victims that admire the kids know the doctors	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The victims that approve the kids criticize the athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The victims that approve the kids greet the girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The victims that avoid the guys encourage the kids	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The victims that avoid the poets encourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The victims that avoid the uncles criticize the girls	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that	The victims that avoid the uncles stimulate the men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that	The victims that confuse the athletes criticize the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The victims that confuse the carpenters avoid the women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The victims that confuse the fathers greet the doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
subjrel_that	The victims that confuse the friends avoid the aunts	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The victims that confuse the men discourage the boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The victims that confuse the uncles engage the friends	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The victims that criticize the doctors approve the aunts	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The victims that criticize the men approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The victims that criticize the mothers understand the aunts	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The victims that discourage the farmers approve the guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The victims that discourage the guys confuse the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The victims that discourage the kids avoid the guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The victims that discourage the kids observe the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
subjrel_that	The victims that encourage the teachers know the women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
subjrel_that	The victims that encourage the teachers remember the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The victims that encourage the women discourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The victims that engage the aunts observe the teachers	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The victims that greet the boys confuse the singers	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The victims that greet the lawyers remember the poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The victims that greet the men discourage the kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The victims that inspire the farmers avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The victims that inspire the lawyers discourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The victims that know the singers remember the mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The victims that know the teachers observe the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The victims that know the uncles admire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The victims that observe the aunts engage the women	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The victims that observe the carpenters confuse the uncles	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The victims that observe the men remember the friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The victims that observe the teachers criticize the doctors	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The victims that observe the teachers remember the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The victims that remember the boys stimulate the friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The victims that remember the doctors inspire the boys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that	The victims that remember the mothers criticize the women	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The victims that remember the women criticize the singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The victims that stimulate the athletes observe the doctors	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The victims that understand the boys avoid the farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
subjrel_that	The victims that understand the girls encourage the women	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The women that admire the boys remember the victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
subjrel_that	The women that admire the boys stimulate the mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The women that admire the fathers remember the farmers	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
subjrel_that	The women that admire the friends approve the men	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The women that approve the athletes remember the men	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The women that approve the fathers observe the guys	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The women that approve the mothers stimulate the teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that	The women that avoid the fathers understand the athletes	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
subjrel_that	The women that avoid the lawyers confuse the doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The women that avoid the lawyers understand the victims	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
subjrel_that	The women that avoid the mothers criticize the victims	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that	The women that confuse the carpenters discourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The women that confuse the farmers criticize the athletes	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The women that confuse the farmers remember the teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The women that confuse the fathers avoid the uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The women that confuse the uncles criticize the fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The women that criticize the fathers admire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The women that criticize the mothers admire the friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The women that criticize the teachers admire the farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The women that discourage the athletes remember the guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The women that discourage the doctors admire the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The women that discourage the guys stimulate the doctors	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The women that discourage the mothers criticize the poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The women that discourage the victims inspire the girls	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The women that encourage the athletes confuse the singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The women that encourage the athletes observe the guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The women that encourage the doctors greet the uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The women that encourage the guys approve the teachers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The women that engage the aunts confuse the kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The women that engage the carpenters stimulate the men	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The women that engage the doctors criticize the kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The women that engage the mothers avoid the victims	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The women that engage the singers encourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The women that greet the boys know the men	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The women that greet the poets approve the fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The women that inspire the lawyers discourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The women that inspire the teachers avoid the boys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The women that inspire the uncles observe the teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The women that know the aunts encourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
subjrel_that	The women that know the aunts inspire the poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The women that observe the carpenters avoid the teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The women that observe the guys confuse the boys	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The women that remember the men criticize the boys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The women that stimulate the carpenters admire the friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that	The women that stimulate the farmers admire the guys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that	The women that stimulate the guys inspire the doctors	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The women that stimulate the singers greet the aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The women that understand the poets stimulate the teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
