objdep_objrel_that	The athlete admires the guy that the man confuses	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete confuses the boy that the farmer greets	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete criticizes the poet that the singer remembers	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete encourages the boy that the teacher engages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the uncle that the man observes	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the woman that the farmer engages	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete inspires the victim that the boy avoids	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete inspires the victim that the farmer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the doctor that the friend understands	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the farmer that the kid understands	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the kid that the singer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete remembers the mother that the father inspires	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the girl that the carpenter understands	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the girl that the guy engages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete understands the farmer that the uncle admires	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt admires the girl that the uncle observes	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt admires the lawyer that the singer stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt approves the doctor that the boy inspires	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt approves the guy that the athlete knows	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt approves the mother that the teacher criticizes	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt avoids the doctor that the mother encourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt criticizes the poet that the carpenter knows	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the father that the man stimulates	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the kid that the poet criticizes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the mother that the guy knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt engages the carpenter that the uncle encourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt inspires the kid that the lawyer engages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt inspires the uncle that the farmer engages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The boy admires the athlete that the mother stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boy engages the aunt that the lawyer remembers	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The boy engages the father that the guy approves	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The boy greets the teacher that the father encourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boy greets the teacher that the victim approves	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The boy inspires the uncle that the doctor encourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boy knows the mother that the singer discourages	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boy observes the farmer that the friend encourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boy observes the guy that the lawyer remembers	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The boy observes the woman that the girl remembers	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the doctor that the aunt stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter criticizes the guy that the girl knows	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter knows the poet that the singer inspires	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter remembers the uncle that the athlete understands	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor admires the athlete that the victim discourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the teacher that the poet greets	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor engages the athlete that the farmer greets	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor greets the father that the girl knows	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor greets the uncle that the guy criticizes	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor observes the mother that the athlete confuses	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor remembers the singer that the carpenter criticizes	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer admires the victim that the mother inspires	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer avoids the lawyer that the kid admires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer confuses the friend that the aunt avoids	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer confuses the poet that the guy greets	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer criticizes the friend that the girl inspires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer encourages the guy that the teacher engages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer greets the guy that the friend discourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the doctor that the uncle discourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the father that the girl admires	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the man that the friend discourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer knows the girl that the teacher greets	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer observes the mother that the athlete confuses	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The father confuses the poet that the girl encourages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The father discourages the doctor that the carpenter stimulates	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the uncle that the woman encourages	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The father stimulates the carpenter that the woman encourages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The father stimulates the guy that the girl criticizes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The father stimulates the uncle that the aunt understands	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the uncle that the guy confuses	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friend admires the father that the lawyer remembers	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The friend approves the aunt that the girl criticizes	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The friend criticizes the aunt that the athlete confuses	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friend discourages the farmer that the guy observes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The friend discourages the kid that the athlete observes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The friend greets the boy that the farmer discourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend greets the girl that the athlete engages	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend knows the singer that the teacher engages	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend observes the girl that the poet confuses	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friend remembers the lawyer that the mother stimulates	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The friend stimulates the singer that the carpenter admires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The friend understands the doctor that the boy engages	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend understands the doctor that the man remembers	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The girl admires the woman that the poet approves	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The girl approves the father that the teacher criticizes	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The girl criticizes the aunt that the uncle engages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl criticizes the father that the uncle stimulates	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The girl encourages the woman that the kid greets	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The guy admires the farmer that the lawyer observes	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The guy approves the carpenter that the man confuses	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guy avoids the farmer that the teacher admires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The guy confuses the friend that the woman discourages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy discourages the kid that the singer observes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the boy that the athlete understands	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the poet that the farmer confuses	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guy remembers the teacher that the lawyer confuses	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the lawyer that the carpenter observes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the carpenter that the mother knows	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objdep_objrel_that	The kid avoids the father that the guy admires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid avoids the girl that the uncle confuses	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The kid criticizes the friend that the poet encourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kid encourages the victim that the doctor criticizes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The kid inspires the guy that the teacher encourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kid knows the carpenter that the man admires	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid observes the teacher that the lawyer inspires	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid remembers the teacher that the friend observes	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kid stimulates the singer that the carpenter observes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kid understands the farmer that the singer confuses	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the doctor that the singer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the poet that the boy remembers	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer confuses the carpenter that the victim approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer confuses the uncle that the teacher understands	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer criticizes the carpenter that the mother observes	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer criticizes the man that the carpenter confuses	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer criticizes the singer that the athlete inspires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the teacher that the boy understands	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the woman that the friend confuses	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer encourages the farmer that the athlete inspires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer greets the singer that the athlete encourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer inspires the mother that the doctor criticizes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer remembers the guy that the girl engages	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer remembers the kid that the carpenter confuses	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer stimulates the carpenter that the father understands	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The man approves the boy that the father knows	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that	The man approves the doctor that the singer confuses	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The man approves the uncle that the father admires	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the teacher that the aunt understands	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the victim that the father inspires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The man criticizes the father that the girl encourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The man encourages the athlete that the lawyer approves	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the friend that the boy greets	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the guy that the carpenter observes	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the lawyer that the kid remembers	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the mother that the victim observes	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the boy that the doctor confuses	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the friend that the woman discourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The man observes the guy that the doctor inspires	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The man observes the poet that the father discourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother avoids the uncle that the kid criticizes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The mother criticizes the boy that the guy avoids	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The mother criticizes the carpenter that the guy approves	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The mother criticizes the teacher that the man confuses	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The mother encourages the friend that the carpenter discourages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother encourages the uncle that the friend approves	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The mother greets the kid that the woman criticizes	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The mother inspires the teacher that the lawyer confuses	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The mother knows the athlete that the carpenter inspires	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The mother knows the doctor that the poet understands	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The mother remembers the father that the woman knows	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that	The mother remembers the woman that the farmer discourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother understands the boy that the singer engages	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poet approves the lawyer that the kid remembers	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The poet avoids the carpenter that the kid stimulates	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poet confuses the aunt that the carpenter discourages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the athlete that the aunt admires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The poet discourages the singer that the teacher engages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poet encourages the girl that the lawyer knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poet greets the friend that the uncle encourages	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poet greets the kid that the aunt understands	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The poet knows the kid that the doctor stimulates	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poet stimulates the mother that the father remembers	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The singer admires the mother that the boy greets	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The singer discourages the father that the farmer inspires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the lawyer that the friend approves	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The singer understands the guy that the poet knows	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher approves the guy that the aunt understands	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher confuses the woman that the victim admires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher discourages the athlete that the singer encourages	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher discourages the doctor that the athlete inspires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher greets the woman that the friend observes	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher inspires the guy that the lawyer encourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher inspires the guy that the man criticizes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher inspires the man that the aunt confuses	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher observes the athlete that the poet remembers	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher understands the doctor that the girl knows	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher understands the kid that the girl criticizes	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle avoids the man that the doctor encourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle confuses the athlete that the carpenter stimulates	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle criticizes the singer that the friend stimulates	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle encourages the boy that the singer greets	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle remembers the father that the doctor discourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle understands the girl that the doctor discourages	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim approves the aunt that the boy admires	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The victim discourages the father that the man remembers	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The victim discourages the poet that the father criticizes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The victim engages the carpenter that the friend encourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim inspires the father that the kid knows	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objdep_objrel_that	The victim inspires the woman that the poet understands	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The victim observes the father that the mother stimulates	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The victim stimulates the kid that the woman encourages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the girl that the friend criticizes	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the athlete that the teacher engages	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the poet that the man stimulates	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The woman confuses the father that the girl inspires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The woman discourages the aunt that the man remembers	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The woman discourages the farmer that the aunt admires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The woman inspires the farmer that the singer observes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The woman knows the kid that the farmer confuses	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The woman observes the father that the teacher admires	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The woman observes the guy that the friend stimulates	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the victim that the father approves	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the father that the boy knows	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete admires the aunt that the mothers understand	singular	singular	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete approves the boy that the poets observe	singular	singular	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete approves the singer that the victims criticize	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the guy that the fathers greet	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete discourages the farmer that the uncles confuse	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete encourages the guy that the farmers criticize	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete encourages the poet that the women know	singular	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete encourages the victim that the kids greet	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete engages the teacher that the poets avoid	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete remembers the guy that the boys know	singular	singular	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the mother that the aunts greet	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete understands the teacher that the boys approve	singular	singular	plural	understand	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete understands the woman that the mothers remember	singular	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt avoids the farmer that the boys remember	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt confuses the athlete that the kids approve	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt confuses the victim that the mothers engage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt discourages the woman that the victims confuse	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt encourages the man that the boys remember	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt greets the woman that the mothers remember	singular	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt inspires the doctor that the poets avoid	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt knows the farmer that the kids criticize	singular	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt observes the carpenter that the kids engage	singular	singular	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt observes the girl that the singers admire	singular	singular	plural	observe	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt stimulates the guy that the athletes approve	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt stimulates the teacher that the guys engage	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy approves the poet that the kids discourage	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy engages the mother that the victims stimulate	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The boy greets the kid that the men understand	singular	singular	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The boy knows the girl that the kids discourage	singular	singular	plural	know	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the victim that the women engage	singular	singular	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the kid that the teachers discourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the lawyer that the teachers engage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter criticizes the lawyer that the kids observe	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter engages the farmer that the friends observe	singular	singular	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter greets the aunt that the doctors confuse	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter greets the man that the kids engage	singular	singular	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter knows the man that the victims admire	singular	singular	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter observes the guy that the friends encourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter observes the singer that the friends know	singular	singular	plural	observe	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the lawyer that the kids criticize	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the friend that the singers criticize	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the poet that the fathers approve	singular	singular	plural	understand	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor approves the boy that the lawyers confuse	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor criticizes the victim that the men confuse	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor greets the mother that the poets understand	singular	singular	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the athlete that the men criticize	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor knows the mother that the farmers greet	singular	singular	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor observes the girl that the fathers confuse	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor observes the mother that the kids inspire	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor stimulates the kid that the friends admire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor stimulates the lawyer that the singers criticize	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer avoids the lawyer that the teachers discourage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer confuses the poet that the doctors stimulate	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer discourages the friend that the men encourage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer greets the mother that the boys encourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer greets the teacher that the carpenters avoid	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer inspires the mother that the uncles discourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer observes the teacher that the men criticize	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The father approves the girl that the poets admire	singular	singular	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The father approves the lawyer that the farmers know	singular	singular	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The father encourages the man that the boys criticize	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The father encourages the victim that the carpenters criticize	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The father greets the man that the victims observe	singular	singular	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The father greets the singer that the kids discourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The father greets the teacher that the girls inspire	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The father remembers the doctor that the boys observe	singular	singular	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The father stimulates the guy that the mothers inspire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The friend admires the kid that the victims approve	singular	singular	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The friend approves the aunt that the men know	singular	singular	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The friend avoids the girl that the carpenters approve	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The friend criticizes the man that the women know	singular	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The friend encourages the doctor that the farmers engage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend encourages the guy that the men inspire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The friend greets the mother that the teachers confuse	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The friend greets the woman that the guys criticize	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The friend inspires the boy that the poets understand	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The friend knows the singer that the farmers observe	singular	singular	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The friend observes the uncle that the carpenters stimulate	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The friend remembers the father that the mothers confuse	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The friend remembers the victim that the girls greet	singular	singular	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The friend understands the victim that the mothers know	singular	singular	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The girl confuses the woman that the doctors encourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl encourages the friend that the boys greet	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The girl engages the uncle that the friends discourage	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl understands the doctor that the fathers criticize	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The guy avoids the woman that the farmers engage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy discourages the carpenter that the mothers encourage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy encourages the aunt that the doctors understand	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The guy engages the athlete that the kids know	singular	singular	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The guy engages the farmer that the lawyers criticize	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the poet that the singers criticize	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The guy observes the doctor that the kids avoid	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the mother that the farmers avoid	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the woman that the teachers avoid	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The guy understands the mother that the girls confuse	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kid approves the girl that the doctors discourage	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid avoids the father that the poets know	singular	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The kid avoids the uncle that the lawyers inspire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The kid confuses the guy that the athletes criticize	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The kid criticizes the father that the girls avoid	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kid discourages the man that the farmers engage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid discourages the poet that the women greet	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The kid discourages the uncle that the men confuse	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kid encourages the uncle that the women inspire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The kid engages the boy that the poets admire	singular	singular	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The kid inspires the friend that the teachers avoid	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kid inspires the man that the friends avoid	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The kid remembers the aunt that the uncles engage	singular	singular	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid stimulates the teacher that the aunts greet	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The kid understands the teacher that the victims observe	singular	singular	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer approves the guy that the victims understand	singular	singular	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer approves the singer that the mothers engage	singular	singular	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the carpenter that the farmers confuse	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the uncle that the farmers engage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer confuses the father that the kids criticize	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer confuses the man that the athletes remember	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the aunt that the girls confuse	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer encourages the boy that the doctors avoid	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer engages the man that the athletes inspire	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer knows the aunt that the poets approve	singular	singular	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer stimulates the aunt that the singers admire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer understands the farmer that the teachers engage	singular	singular	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The man avoids the kid that the teachers approve	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the friend that the boys discourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the teacher that the doctors know	singular	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The man discourages the woman that the doctors inspire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The man discourages the woman that the doctors remember	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The man encourages the uncle that the kids remember	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the farmer that the teachers observe	singular	singular	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the girl that the teachers observe	singular	singular	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The man greets the poet that the kids remember	singular	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the boy that the mothers encourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The man observes the singer that the women greet	singular	singular	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mother admires the friend that the lawyers greet	singular	singular	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mother avoids the uncle that the carpenters greet	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The mother discourages the friend that the kids admire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The mother encourages the teacher that the farmers inspire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The mother engages the teacher that the singers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The mother greets the poet that the doctors engage	singular	singular	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The mother stimulates the man that the friends greet	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The poet discourages the guy that the teachers engage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet discourages the lawyer that the guys admire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet encourages the man that the teachers approve	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The poet greets the guy that the doctors understand	singular	singular	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The poet greets the mother that the lawyers encourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet knows the lawyer that the girls inspire	singular	singular	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet knows the victim that the doctors avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The poet observes the farmer that the guys engage	singular	singular	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet stimulates the kid that the teachers greet	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The poet stimulates the man that the victims admire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet understands the man that the women criticize	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The singer avoids the poet that the fathers confuse	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The singer criticizes the lawyer that the poets avoid	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The singer criticizes the woman that the carpenters remember	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The singer encourages the uncle that the athletes greet	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The singer greets the poet that the mothers discourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer knows the lawyer that the farmers confuse	singular	singular	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The singer understands the father that the mothers avoid	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The singer understands the poet that the mothers discourage	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer understands the teacher that the boys criticize	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher admires the carpenter that the fathers approve	singular	singular	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher approves the carpenter that the men remember	singular	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher approves the uncle that the victims understand	singular	singular	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher confuses the aunt that the victims observe	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher criticizes the farmer that the uncles avoid	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher discourages the singer that the kids encourage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher discourages the woman that the victims remember	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the poet that the uncles discourage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher engages the boy that the aunts know	singular	singular	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher greets the doctor that the singers discourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher greets the friend that the aunts understand	singular	singular	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher greets the kid that the athletes know	singular	singular	plural	greet	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher inspires the boy that the mothers greet	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the man that the victims confuse	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the poet that the fathers greet	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher understands the boy that the carpenters greet	singular	singular	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle admires the athlete that the boys inspire	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle admires the carpenter that the friends know	singular	singular	plural	admire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle admires the friend that the men inspire	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle approves the poet that the kids confuse	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle confuses the woman that the fathers remember	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the boy that the aunts engage	singular	singular	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the carpenter that the friends understand	singular	singular	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle knows the doctor that the men inspire	singular	singular	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The victim admires the aunt that the mothers know	singular	singular	plural	admire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The victim confuses the aunt that the teachers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victim criticizes the girl that the kids avoid	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The victim inspires the kid that the friends approve	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The victim observes the farmer that the poets know	singular	singular	plural	observe	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The victim observes the kid that the singers encourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victim remembers the guy that the farmers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the guy that the teachers engage	singular	singular	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the kid that the farmers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the poet that the mothers approve	singular	singular	plural	understand	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the carpenter that the athletes remember	singular	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The woman approves the girl that the lawyers criticize	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The woman avoids the friend that the kids confuse	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The woman greets the athlete that the men criticize	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The woman remembers the victim that the guys greet	singular	singular	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the father that the athletes greet	singular	singular	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete approves the lawyers that the singer inspires	singular	plural	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete discourages the friends that the carpenter confuses	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete discourages the kids that the singer knows	singular	plural	singular	discourage	know
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete encourages the singers that the father understands	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the boys that the friend approves	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the women that the girl encourages	singular	plural	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete inspires the mothers that the man encourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete knows the girls that the doctor remembers	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete knows the lawyers that the friend criticizes	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete knows the men that the uncle encourages	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the fathers that the boy engages	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the mothers that the teacher avoids	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the fathers that the teacher inspires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete stimulates the friends that the victim criticizes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete understands the men that the mother avoids	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt approves the athletes that the doctor stimulates	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt avoids the boys that the father inspires	singular	plural	singular	avoid	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt engages the doctors that the friend criticizes	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt engages the victims that the kid encourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt greets the carpenters that the poet admires	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt observes the athletes that the carpenter understands	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt observes the fathers that the doctor engages	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt remembers the mothers that the farmer confuses	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt understands the uncles that the farmer avoids	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The boy admires the friends that the athlete avoids	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The boy admires the singers that the friend approves	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The boy admires the teachers that the singer avoids	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The boy criticizes the athletes that the doctor understands	singular	plural	singular	criticize	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The boy criticizes the aunts that the uncle remembers	singular	plural	singular	criticize	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The boy criticizes the farmers that the teacher observes	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The boy encourages the singers that the uncle understands	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The boy engages the girls that the man encourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boy greets the doctors that the victim encourages	singular	plural	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boy observes the athletes that the farmer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boy remembers the uncles that the farmer admires	singular	plural	singular	remember	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The boy understands the kids that the friend discourages	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boy understands the poets that the singer discourages	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the poets that the doctor discourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the boys that the poet understands	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter discourages the lawyers that the boy approves	singular	plural	singular	discourage	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter engages the doctors that the father remembers	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter knows the lawyers that the mother greets	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the lawyers that the poet approves	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter stimulates the men that the victim discourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the fathers that the farmer observes	singular	plural	singular	understand	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter understands the fathers that the friend knows	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the guys that the mother understands	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor criticizes the carpenters that the father encourages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor engages the teachers that the girl inspires	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor greets the lawyers that the woman knows	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor observes the victims that the woman discourages	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer criticizes the carpenters that the victim observes	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer discourages the guys that the mother encourages	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer engages the aunts that the woman remembers	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer greets the victims that the woman criticizes	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer observes the kids that the uncle engages	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer observes the men that the uncle inspires	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer stimulates the guys that the aunt avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer stimulates the teachers that the lawyer inspires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer understands the lawyers that the friend inspires	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The father approves the girls that the woman stimulates	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The father approves the poets that the victim stimulates	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The father avoids the girls that the lawyer observes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The father confuses the doctors that the mother admires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The father engages the doctors that the girl admires	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The father greets the friends that the girl confuses	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The father remembers the men that the kid greets	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The father stimulates the farmers that the girl observes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The friend admires the poets that the kid inspires	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The friend avoids the athletes that the teacher observes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The friend confuses the athletes that the doctor remembers	singular	plural	singular	confuse	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The friend confuses the boys that the carpenter knows	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
objdep_objrel_that	The friend engages the aunts that the singer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The friend greets the girls that the poet knows	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
objdep_objrel_that	The friend inspires the athletes that the woman understands	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The friend inspires the carpenters that the man encourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friend knows the carpenters that the athlete inspires	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The friend remembers the athletes that the mother understands	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The girl approves the victims that the singer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The girl avoids the athletes that the mother discourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl avoids the uncles that the aunt approves	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The girl avoids the victims that the kid admires	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girl criticizes the farmers that the carpenter engages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girl criticizes the victims that the poet confuses	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The girl knows the doctors that the carpenter confuses	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The girl remembers the farmers that the poet knows	singular	plural	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that	The girl remembers the singers that the guy inspires	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The girl remembers the uncles that the mother understands	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The girl understands the friends that the lawyer encourages	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guy discourages the farmers that the carpenter admires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The guy engages the fathers that the teacher inspires	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The guy engages the kids that the victim observes	singular	plural	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the victims that the friend criticizes	singular	plural	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The guy observes the doctors that the lawyer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The guy understands the doctors that the singer approves	singular	plural	singular	understand	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The guy understands the farmers that the father remembers	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guy understands the victims that the teacher inspires	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid confuses the friends that the athlete observes	singular	plural	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kid confuses the friends that the singer avoids	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kid confuses the uncles that the singer greets	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The kid encourages the lawyers that the farmer inspires	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kid engages the women that the lawyer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The kid knows the aunts that the singer confuses	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The kid knows the guys that the farmer encourages	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kid observes the girls that the guy approves	singular	plural	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The kid remembers the fathers that the friend discourages	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kid understands the carpenters that the girl greets	singular	plural	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer avoids the uncles that the woman knows	singular	plural	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer discourages the poets that the kid understands	singular	plural	singular	discourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer knows the friends that the athlete engages	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer remembers the athletes that the friend avoids	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The man admires the women that the kid knows	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
objdep_objrel_that	The man approves the women that the friend admires	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The man avoids the friends that the guy stimulates	singular	plural	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The man avoids the teachers that the guy encourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the fathers that the aunt observes	singular	plural	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The man criticizes the women that the teacher knows	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the girls that the teacher criticizes	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the aunts that the carpenter criticizes	singular	plural	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the aunts that the girl admires	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The man knows the girls that the mother remembers	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The man observes the boys that the farmer discourages	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother avoids the friends that the kid encourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mother confuses the guys that the kid knows	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
objdep_objrel_that	The mother knows the singers that the girl remembers	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The mother remembers the friends that the farmer approves	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The mother stimulates the uncles that the guy engages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poet approves the girls that the athlete knows	singular	plural	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poet avoids the farmers that the mother encourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poet avoids the farmers that the teacher approves	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poet confuses the lawyers that the guy criticizes	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The poet confuses the victims that the farmer greets	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the singers that the kid stimulates	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The poet discourages the teachers that the guy admires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The poet engages the carpenters that the kid discourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poet engages the women that the teacher remembers	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the boys that the singer remembers	singular	plural	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The poet knows the men that the doctor admires	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The poet knows the teachers that the singer approves	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poet knows the uncles that the boy understands	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The poet observes the victims that the carpenter remembers	singular	plural	singular	observe	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The poet remembers the mothers that the kid discourages	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poet stimulates the lawyers that the teacher encourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poet understands the aunts that the kid admires	singular	plural	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The singer approves the fathers that the doctor knows	singular	plural	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that	The singer confuses the carpenters that the teacher inspires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The singer confuses the doctors that the farmer approves	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The singer confuses the kids that the aunt criticizes	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The singer criticizes the fathers that the mother stimulates	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The singer greets the boys that the mother stimulates	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The singer greets the poets that the friend encourages	singular	plural	singular	greet	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singer knows the women that the victim criticizes	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The singer observes the doctors that the athlete avoids	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The singer observes the lawyers that the victim admires	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The singer remembers the athletes that the farmer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The singer remembers the lawyers that the woman stimulates	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The singer understands the girls that the poet discourages	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher admires the fathers that the man observes	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher admires the singers that the farmer approves	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher admires the singers that the kid confuses	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher avoids the friends that the guy understands	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher avoids the uncles that the mother observes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher confuses the lawyers that the farmer approves	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher criticizes the boys that the doctor encourages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher criticizes the poets that the aunt knows	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher discourages the doctors that the victim admires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher discourages the fathers that the athlete observes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the doctors that the lawyer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the farmers that the boy inspires	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the fathers that the uncle observes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher greets the girls that the friend observes	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher inspires the men that the farmer confuses	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher observes the guys that the doctor greets	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the girls that the farmer observes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher understands the men that the aunt greets	singular	plural	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle confuses the athletes that the boy avoids	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle engages the poets that the father understands	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle observes the doctors that the victim engages	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle stimulates the athletes that the woman observes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The victim avoids the athletes that the man engages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim avoids the lawyers that the guy remembers	singular	plural	singular	avoid	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The victim discourages the mothers that the woman remembers	singular	plural	singular	discourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The victim encourages the poets that the mother observes	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The victim engages the singers that the poet observes	singular	plural	singular	engage	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The victim greets the kids that the carpenter engages	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The victim greets the women that the aunt approves	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The victim inspires the athletes that the girl confuses	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The victim observes the lawyers that the farmer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The victim remembers the singers that the doctor avoids	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the kids that the girl remembers	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The woman avoids the farmers that the lawyer encourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman engages the men that the teacher encourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman greets the friends that the boy stimulates	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The woman inspires the farmers that the friend understands	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The woman observes the men that the girl engages	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The woman observes the poets that the lawyer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the girls that the lawyer avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the poets that the man avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the guys that the boy knows	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the mothers that the poet confuses	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete avoids the mothers that the poets admire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete confuses the teachers that the carpenters encourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete encourages the carpenters that the poets approve	singular	plural	plural	encourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete greets the farmers that the lawyers observe	singular	plural	plural	greet	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete knows the friends that the teachers criticize	singular	plural	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete observes the farmers that the teachers criticize	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete remembers the kids that the fathers approve	singular	plural	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The athlete remembers the men that the fathers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt approves the boys that the men stimulate	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt approves the mothers that the men criticize	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt engages the mothers that the farmers know	singular	plural	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt inspires the men that the doctors understand	singular	plural	plural	inspire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt remembers the carpenters that the singers observe	singular	plural	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunt understands the singers that the lawyers engage	singular	plural	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy admires the girls that the athletes understand	singular	plural	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The boy criticizes the victims that the men inspire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The boy engages the carpenters that the doctors observe	singular	plural	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The boy greets the victims that the mothers criticize	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boy inspires the lawyers that the women engage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy inspires the men that the athletes observe	singular	plural	plural	inspire	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The boy knows the fathers that the doctors greet	singular	plural	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The boy knows the women that the victims engage	singular	plural	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boy understands the friends that the doctors stimulate	singular	plural	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the boys that the doctors avoid	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the farmers that the uncles understand	singular	plural	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the kids that the boys inspire	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the lawyers that the women know	singular	plural	plural	admire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter admires the victims that the friends understand	singular	plural	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter approves the teachers that the friends know	singular	plural	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter avoids the aunts that the guys criticize	singular	plural	plural	avoid	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter criticizes the mothers that the lawyers engage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter inspires the doctors that the uncles criticize	singular	plural	plural	inspire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenter remembers the mothers that the farmers engage	singular	plural	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor admires the athletes that the boys engage	singular	plural	plural	admire	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the carpenters that the athletes confuse	singular	plural	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor avoids the kids that the friends stimulate	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor confuses the boys that the men avoid	singular	plural	plural	confuse	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor criticizes the farmers that the women understand	singular	plural	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor discourages the guys that the friends criticize	singular	plural	plural	discourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor encourages the poets that the lawyers confuse	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor engages the friends that the girls discourage	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the girls that the boys encourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the kids that the carpenters encourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor inspires the victims that the guys greet	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor knows the athletes that the kids avoid	singular	plural	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor remembers the farmers that the friends inspire	singular	plural	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctor remembers the guys that the girls admire	singular	plural	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer admires the aunts that the friends approve	singular	plural	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer approves the uncles that the girls discourage	singular	plural	plural	approve	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer avoids the athletes that the boys inspire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer engages the poets that the guys remember	singular	plural	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer greets the aunts that the guys avoid	singular	plural	plural	greet	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer observes the victims that the mothers inspire	singular	plural	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer remembers the mothers that the girls understand	singular	plural	plural	remember	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The farmer understands the carpenters that the victims inspire	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The father admires the carpenters that the friends know	singular	plural	plural	admire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The father approves the women that the teachers confuse	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The father avoids the uncles that the victims approve	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The father criticizes the athletes that the doctors remember	singular	plural	plural	criticize	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The father encourages the guys that the uncles engage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The father engages the doctors that the mothers admire	singular	plural	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The father knows the victims that the uncles inspire	singular	plural	plural	know	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The father stimulates the singers that the boys greet	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The father stimulates the teachers that the boys discourage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the teachers that the lawyers avoid	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The father understands the women that the lawyers inspire	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The friend approves the mothers that the carpenters stimulate	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The friend confuses the women that the poets admire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friend criticizes the poets that the fathers greet	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The friend discourages the kids that the guys admire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friend engages the carpenters that the aunts confuse	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The friend engages the mothers that the uncles observe	singular	plural	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The friend greets the boys that the poets admire	singular	plural	plural	greet	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friend greets the kids that the guys confuse	singular	plural	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The friend greets the lawyers that the carpenters encourage	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend inspires the carpenters that the boys engage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The friend understands the singers that the poets know	singular	plural	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The girl avoids the athletes that the uncles greet	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The girl avoids the farmers that the athletes engage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl avoids the kids that the farmers encourage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl confuses the athletes that the friends greet	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The girl confuses the poets that the uncles engage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl encourages the kids that the men criticize	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The girl encourages the women that the farmers engage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl engages the men that the boys discourage	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl engages the men that the singers discourage	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl engages the poets that the men remember	singular	plural	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The girl greets the fathers that the carpenters engage	singular	plural	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The girl observes the doctors that the women inspire	singular	plural	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The girl stimulates the carpenters that the singers observe	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The girl understands the friends that the women engage	singular	plural	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy admires the victims that the poets inspire	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guy confuses the farmers that the doctors discourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy criticizes the girls that the singers avoid	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The guy encourages the fathers that the boys greet	singular	plural	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guy encourages the mothers that the athletes admire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The guy inspires the friends that the farmers know	singular	plural	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The guy knows the friends that the mothers approve	singular	plural	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The guy knows the poets that the girls encourage	singular	plural	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guy knows the uncles that the girls confuse	singular	plural	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The guy remembers the doctors that the singers criticize	singular	plural	plural	remember	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The guy stimulates the women that the farmers confuse	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The guy understands the kids that the poets stimulate	singular	plural	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The kid admires the athletes that the singers engage	singular	plural	plural	admire	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid discourages the victims that the boys encourage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid engages the aunts that the athletes remember	singular	plural	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The kid greets the men that the mothers inspire	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The kid greets the women that the boys inspire	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The kid inspires the fathers that the men understand	singular	plural	plural	inspire	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The kid remembers the boys that the poets encourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kid understands the girls that the poets criticize	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer criticizes the boys that the doctors discourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer greets the athletes that the men encourage	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer remembers the fathers that the poets observe	singular	plural	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer stimulates the athletes that the farmers admire	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer stimulates the mothers that the guys understand	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer stimulates the singers that the guys admire	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyer understands the boys that the carpenters criticize	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The man approves the kids that the guys observe	singular	plural	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The man approves the victims that the singers encourage	singular	plural	plural	approve	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The man avoids the lawyers that the doctors inspire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The man avoids the victims that the doctors observe	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The man confuses the friends that the athletes admire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the friends that the athletes greet	singular	plural	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The man engages the women that the carpenters criticize	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The man inspires the boys that the doctors greet	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The man knows the doctors that the farmers understand	singular	plural	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The man observes the carpenters that the guys confuse	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the fathers that the carpenters admire	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The man stimulates the poets that the friends observe	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The man understands the uncles that the carpenters stimulate	singular	plural	plural	understand	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The mother admires the kids that the aunts inspire	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The mother approves the lawyers that the boys avoid	singular	plural	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The mother approves the teachers that the boys understand	singular	plural	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The mother confuses the doctors that the carpenters stimulate	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The mother confuses the lawyers that the guys approve	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The mother criticizes the women that the farmers approve	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The mother discourages the uncles that the guys stimulate	singular	plural	plural	discourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The mother encourages the uncles that the poets inspire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The mother knows the fathers that the uncles approve	singular	plural	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The mother stimulates the carpenters that the aunts observe	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The poet avoids the doctors that the aunts admire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet avoids the doctors that the guys confuse	singular	plural	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The poet avoids the uncles that the victims confuse	singular	plural	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The poet confuses the kids that the aunts inspire	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The poet criticizes the doctors that the uncles engage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the aunts that the doctors engage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet inspires the farmers that the mothers approve	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The poet knows the guys that the women approve	singular	plural	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The poet knows the kids that the doctors understand	singular	plural	plural	know	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The poet observes the doctors that the uncles engage	singular	plural	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet stimulates the uncles that the fathers encourage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet understands the boys that the teachers encourage	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poet understands the men that the singers avoid	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The singer admires the mothers that the athletes avoid	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The singer avoids the carpenters that the teachers understand	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The singer confuses the friends that the lawyers observe	singular	plural	plural	confuse	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singer confuses the guys that the teachers know	singular	plural	plural	confuse	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The singer criticizes the fathers that the uncles encourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer discourages the boys that the mothers observe	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singer discourages the fathers that the men observe	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singer greets the teachers that the athletes stimulate	singular	plural	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singer greets the victims that the poets understand	singular	plural	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The singer inspires the boys that the fathers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singer knows the lawyers that the guys encourage	singular	plural	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singer observes the girls that the friends know	singular	plural	plural	observe	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The singer observes the kids that the lawyers confuse	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher approves the carpenters that the girls inspire	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher avoids the farmers that the mothers inspire	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher criticizes the lawyers that the kids stimulate	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher encourages the carpenters that the girls discourage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher engages the friends that the uncles criticize	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher greets the boys that the carpenters confuse	singular	plural	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher inspires the men that the guys criticize	singular	plural	plural	inspire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the fathers that the kids observe	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teacher stimulates the uncles that the fathers observe	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle discourages the athletes that the fathers observe	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle engages the lawyers that the aunts stimulate	singular	plural	plural	engage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The uncle observes the athletes that the guys encourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victim approves the athletes that the carpenters admire	singular	plural	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The victim approves the lawyers that the boys criticize	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The victim criticizes the kids that the friends stimulate	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victim discourages the friends that the fathers admire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The victim engages the uncles that the kids understand	singular	plural	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The victim greets the guys that the athletes criticize	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The victim remembers the athletes that the aunts know	singular	plural	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The victim remembers the teachers that the carpenters encourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victim stimulates the carpenters that the singers know	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the boys that the poets criticize	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The victim understands the kids that the doctors observe	singular	plural	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The woman avoids the teachers that the carpenters confuse	singular	plural	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The woman confuses the boys that the singers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The woman engages the athletes that the teachers remember	singular	plural	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The woman engages the men that the fathers remember	singular	plural	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The woman greets the friends that the uncles avoid	singular	plural	plural	greet	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The woman inspires the farmers that the lawyers approve	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The woman inspires the uncles that the mothers know	singular	plural	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The woman observes the boys that the men encourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The woman stimulates the boys that the doctors engage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The woman understands the singers that the men engage	singular	plural	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes avoid the uncle that the woman encourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes criticize the mother that the uncle approves	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the kid that the doctor approves	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes encourage the man that the woman confuses	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the aunt that the kid inspires	plural	singular	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the doctor that the woman criticizes	plural	singular	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes greet the woman that the singer confuses	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the father that the woman observes	plural	singular	singular	inspires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the lawyer that the carpenter encourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes remember the boy that the poet approves	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the boy that the friend stimulates	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the boy that the teacher knows	plural	singular	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts observe the athlete that the man avoids	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts stimulate the mother that the guy inspires	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The boys avoid the kid that the girl confuses	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The boys avoid the singer that the father confuses	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The boys criticize the friend that the teacher admires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The boys discourage the woman that the guy knows	plural	singular	singular	discourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The boys encourage the athlete that the poet criticizes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boys encourage the girl that the mother approves	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The boys engage the aunt that the father discourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys inspire the father that the farmer observes	plural	singular	singular	inspires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The boys observe the aunt that the girl criticizes	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boys remember the girl that the doctor observes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters avoid the doctor that the man encourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters engage the father that the boy remembers	plural	singular	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters greet the singer that the farmer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters inspire the lawyer that the kid discourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters know the aunt that the woman stimulates	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters know the boy that the doctor discourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters know the boy that the lawyer approves	plural	singular	singular	knows	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters remember the man that the singer approves	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters stimulate the lawyer that the friend observes	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters stimulate the woman that the father remembers	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters understand the father that the teacher knows	plural	singular	singular	understands	know
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters understand the poet that the lawyer inspires	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors admire the victim that the father stimulates	plural	singular	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors confuse the mother that the woman encourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors criticize the aunt that the mother stimulates	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the farmer that the friend knows	plural	singular	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the girl that the boy confuses	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the kid that the athlete confuses	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors greet the farmer that the carpenter approves	plural	singular	singular	greets	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors greet the uncle that the kid criticizes	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors observe the kid that the girl avoids	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors remember the father that the aunt observes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the kid that the farmer greets	plural	singular	singular	understands	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the poet that the aunt approves	plural	singular	singular	understands	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers criticize the friend that the doctor admires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers discourage the girl that the boy knows	plural	singular	singular	discourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers encourage the lawyer that the boy knows	plural	singular	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers observe the girl that the poet knows	plural	singular	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers remember the carpenter that the man knows	plural	singular	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers remember the doctor that the teacher inspires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers remember the father that the mother admires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers understand the poet that the teacher confuses	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers discourage the aunt that the friend criticizes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers discourage the aunt that the kid inspires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers discourage the guy that the friend greets	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the aunt that the boy engages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers observe the girl that the man discourages	plural	singular	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers remember the friend that the carpenter knows	plural	singular	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers remember the girl that the lawyer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers stimulate the carpenter that the teacher admires	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers stimulate the mother that the guy engages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends criticize the man that the girl knows	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The friends know the guy that the uncle discourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends observe the boy that the athlete inspires	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the man that the farmer confuses	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The girls approve the mother that the victim discourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the friend that the boy engages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls discourage the athlete that the teacher remembers	plural	singular	singular	discourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The girls greet the friend that the lawyer confuses	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The girls observe the aunt that the farmer encourages	plural	singular	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls remember the victim that the mother understands	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The guys admire the farmer that the kid criticizes	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The guys criticize the poet that the athlete remembers	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guys engage the kid that the friend encourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys engage the man that the kid remembers	plural	singular	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guys greet the friend that the singer remembers	plural	singular	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guys greet the girl that the doctor inspires	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys know the mother that the doctor encourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys observe the doctor that the mother criticizes	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The guys observe the farmer that the teacher admires	plural	singular	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys understand the aunt that the woman avoids	plural	singular	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The guys understand the singer that the poet encourages	plural	singular	singular	understands	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids approve the lawyer that the friend admires	plural	singular	singular	approves	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The kids avoid the doctor that the athlete observes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The kids avoid the girl that the teacher stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The kids confuse the father that the victim understands	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the mother that the friend approves	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The kids greet the teacher that the aunt stimulates	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The kids inspire the aunt that the friend encourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids know the singer that the teacher engages	plural	singular	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids observe the doctor that the carpenter confuses	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The kids remember the father that the doctor criticizes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The kids remember the friend that the teacher confuses	plural	singular	singular	remembers	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers admire the guy that the teacher observes	plural	singular	singular	admires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the carpenter that the mother engages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the girl that the boy criticizes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers confuse the man that the singer encourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the carpenter that the guy confuses	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers inspire the woman that the carpenter admires	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the doctor that the singer inspires	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the friend that the father confuses	plural	singular	singular	knows	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the singer that the guy stimulates	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers understand the kid that the mother stimulates	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The men admire the father that the kid understands	plural	singular	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the boy that the lawyer observes	plural	singular	singular	approves	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The men avoid the father that the carpenter greets	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The men criticize the boy that the guy avoids	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The men criticize the poet that the girl observes	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The men discourage the athlete that the guy understands	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The men discourage the girl that the singer confuses	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The men encourage the farmer that the singer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The men encourage the teacher that the uncle remembers	plural	singular	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The men greet the lawyer that the uncle confuses	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The men know the farmer that the father discourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the uncle that the mother inspires	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The men remember the athlete that the poet stimulates	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The men understand the guy that the singer approves	plural	singular	singular	understands	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The men understand the lawyer that the father stimulates	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers admire the aunt that the athlete approves	plural	singular	singular	admires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers avoid the lawyer that the athlete discourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers avoid the man that the athlete admires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers avoid the victim that the man stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the man that the singer admires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the singer that the man inspires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the woman that the carpenter inspires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers engage the father that the woman encourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers engage the woman that the lawyer discourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers greet the uncle that the man knows	plural	singular	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers inspire the father that the lawyer admires	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers know the guy that the uncle stimulates	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers observe the farmer that the doctor stimulates	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers stimulate the singer that the carpenter engages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers understand the poet that the girl approves	plural	singular	singular	understands	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poets discourage the aunt that the kid knows	plural	singular	singular	discourages	know
objdep_objrel_that	The poets engage the guy that the mother approves	plural	singular	singular	engages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The poets greet the boy that the teacher discourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets inspire the boy that the father greets	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The poets inspire the woman that the singer confuses	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the aunt that the father admires	plural	singular	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the carpenter that the aunt confuses	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The singers admire the boy that the uncle approves	plural	singular	singular	admires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The singers admire the poet that the man engages	plural	singular	singular	admires	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers admire the teacher that the doctor encourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers approve the mother that the teacher engages	plural	singular	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers approve the victim that the doctor engages	plural	singular	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers avoid the lawyer that the carpenter confuses	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the lawyer that the girl inspires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the athlete that the uncle encourages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the girl that the farmer confuses	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the kid that the man approves	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The singers observe the carpenter that the uncle criticizes	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The singers observe the lawyer that the doctor understands	plural	singular	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The singers remember the friend that the lawyer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The singers stimulate the friend that the athlete criticizes	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers approve the poet that the doctor confuses	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers approve the woman that the father understands	plural	singular	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers confuse the farmer that the girl remembers	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the girl that the mother stimulates	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the poet that the guy approves	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers know the doctor that the uncle stimulates	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers know the victim that the singer admires	plural	singular	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers remember the athlete that the singer greets	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers remember the woman that the girl engages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers understand the guy that the poet observes	plural	singular	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers understand the mother that the doctor approves	plural	singular	singular	understands	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles admire the woman that the lawyer observes	plural	singular	singular	admires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles avoid the mother that the guy greets	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles avoid the victim that the mother greets	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles confuse the farmer that the victim greets	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles confuse the poet that the farmer observes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles criticize the father that the victim greets	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles greet the victim that the kid discourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles inspire the athlete that the father understands	plural	singular	singular	inspires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles understand the farmer that the athlete admires	plural	singular	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles understand the mother that the carpenter confuses	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The victims admire the athlete that the boy understands	plural	singular	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The victims admire the woman that the kid inspires	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The victims approve the man that the mother criticizes	plural	singular	singular	approves	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The victims avoid the father that the teacher remembers	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The victims confuse the uncle that the girl approves	plural	singular	singular	confuses	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The victims criticize the poet that the athlete encourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victims encourage the guy that the poet inspires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The victims greet the man that the aunt knows	plural	singular	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that	The victims inspire the carpenter that the farmer approves	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The victims remember the uncle that the doctor encourages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The women approve the friend that the farmer admires	plural	singular	singular	approves	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The women avoid the poet that the father encourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The women criticize the athlete that the victim greets	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The women criticize the uncle that the lawyer remembers	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The women engage the doctor that the friend observes	plural	singular	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The women greet the girl that the kid knows	plural	singular	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the lawyer that the athlete remembers	plural	singular	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The women understand the boy that the father criticizes	plural	singular	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The women understand the friend that the athlete confuses	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The women understand the guy that the man discourages	plural	singular	singular	understands	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The women understand the singer that the girl encourages	plural	singular	singular	understands	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes admire the farmer that the poets stimulate	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes approve the teacher that the doctors confuse	plural	singular	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes confuse the woman that the aunts know	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes encourage the poet that the women remember	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the guy that the poets discourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the mother that the girls encourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes greet the farmer that the kids stimulate	plural	singular	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes greet the friend that the fathers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the doctor that the boys approve	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the girl that the aunts discourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes remember the uncle that the kids understand	plural	singular	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes stimulate the farmer that the girls criticize	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes stimulate the singer that the victims criticize	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes understand the father that the victims engage	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts admire the kid that the doctors avoid	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the lawyer that the farmers engage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts criticize the lawyer that the boys remember	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts encourage the woman that the mothers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	encourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts remember the father that the farmers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts stimulate the poet that the women understand	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts understand the teacher that the farmers approve	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The boys admire the aunt that the carpenters greet	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The boys admire the girl that the uncles discourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys avoid the poet that the singers approve	plural	singular	plural	avoids	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The boys confuse the friend that the fathers inspire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The boys confuse the lawyer that the athletes greet	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The boys confuse the poet that the athletes engage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys engage the lawyer that the carpenters understand	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The boys greet the guy that the carpenters encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys inspire the uncle that the carpenters stimulate	plural	singular	plural	inspires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The boys remember the teacher that the friends engage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys understand the athlete that the victims encourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys understand the farmer that the carpenters inspire	plural	singular	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters admire the mother that the friends criticize	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters approve the man that the boys criticize	plural	singular	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters encourage the poet that the kids know	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters greet the kid that the athletes know	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters know the athlete that the poets engage	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters observe the uncle that the farmers know	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters understand the athlete that the doctors encourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters understand the singer that the girls greet	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors admire the kid that the athletes inspire	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors approve the victim that the carpenters criticize	plural	singular	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors confuse the victim that the guys engage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors criticize the friend that the singers know	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors discourage the boy that the guys admire	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors discourage the man that the kids avoid	plural	singular	plural	discourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the friend that the fathers inspire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the guy that the uncles discourage	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the man that the uncles greet	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors engage the mother that the men approve	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors greet the teacher that the kids inspire	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors inspire the guy that the teachers confuse	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors observe the guy that the men confuse	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors observe the poet that the farmers avoid	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors remember the mother that the singers discourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors stimulate the boy that the women engage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors stimulate the lawyer that the girls understand	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers admire the doctor that the women know	plural	singular	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers admire the girl that the fathers criticize	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers avoid the carpenter that the friends understand	plural	singular	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers avoid the victim that the kids criticize	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers inspire the lawyer that the teachers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	inspires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers know the father that the uncles encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers observe the boy that the guys know	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers observe the man that the carpenters know	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers stimulate the man that the poets greet	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers admire the boy that the mothers encourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers avoid the mother that the teachers confuse	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers criticize the girl that the teachers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers engage the lawyer that the farmers confuse	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers engage the mother that the athletes know	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers greet the guy that the girls observe	plural	singular	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers observe the girl that the athletes inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers remember the victim that the poets discourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers stimulate the carpenter that the aunts observe	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The friends admire the guy that the boys criticize	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the lawyer that the poets avoid	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The friends avoid the poet that the guys criticize	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The friends confuse the mother that the boys admire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friends confuse the victim that the uncles admire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friends discourage the guy that the uncles remember	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The friends encourage the singer that the victims greet	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The friends encourage the woman that the men understand	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The friends know the father that the athletes observe	plural	singular	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The friends observe the aunt that the women admire	plural	singular	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friends observe the guy that the kids approve	plural	singular	plural	observes	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The friends observe the kid that the lawyers avoid	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the father that the teachers greet	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The friends understand the woman that the kids confuse	plural	singular	plural	understands	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the friend that the guys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the uncle that the athletes inspire	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the victim that the singers encourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls approve the lawyer that the uncles confuse	plural	singular	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The girls approve the singer that the lawyers discourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls avoid the boy that the uncles stimulate	plural	singular	plural	avoids	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The girls avoid the woman that the uncles encourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the carpenter that the women remember	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the carpenter that the singers avoid	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the farmer that the singers discourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls discourage the mother that the fathers admire	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The girls engage the man that the fathers observe	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The girls engage the uncle that the victims remember	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The girls understand the carpenter that the poets greet	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guys admire the aunt that the kids greet	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guys admire the boy that the mothers know	plural	singular	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The guys confuse the singer that the aunts greet	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guys confuse the singer that the women criticize	plural	singular	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The guys discourage the carpenter that the friends observe	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The guys discourage the father that the carpenters understand	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The guys greet the man that the doctors encourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys inspire the farmer that the carpenters remember	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The guys remember the girl that the lawyers encourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The guys remember the woman that the mothers admire	plural	singular	plural	remembers	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the boy that the friends criticize	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the woman that the singers inspire	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys understand the aunt that the fathers inspire	plural	singular	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The kids admire the aunt that the carpenters encourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids approve the mother that the farmers understand	plural	singular	plural	approves	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The kids approve the victim that the fathers discourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids avoid the poet that the lawyers know	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The kids confuse the friend that the men engage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids criticize the athlete that the doctors stimulate	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the doctor that the teachers confuse	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the teacher that the singers know	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The kids engage the guy that the men inspire	plural	singular	plural	engages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The kids greet the girl that the carpenters inspire	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The kids inspire the athlete that the friends know	plural	singular	plural	inspires	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The kids observe the doctor that the women confuse	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kids stimulate the aunt that the singers approve	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The kids understand the uncle that the singers criticize	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers admire the athlete that the doctors observe	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers confuse the uncle that the men inspire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the athlete that the carpenters confuse	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers engage the uncle that the carpenters confuse	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the poet that the athletes stimulate	plural	singular	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers inspire the uncle that the men approve	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the aunt that the friends discourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The men admire the aunt that the farmers encourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the kid that the poets stimulate	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The men criticize the singer that the kids inspire	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The men engage the victim that the boys greet	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The men observe the lawyer that the farmers discourage	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The men stimulate the father that the singers know	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The men stimulate the teacher that the farmers engage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The men understand the farmer that the poets inspire	plural	singular	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the singer that the friends approve	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers inspire the woman that the friends approve	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers observe the kid that the singers engage	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers remember the doctor that the friends observe	plural	singular	plural	remembers	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers stimulate the guy that the poets approve	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The poets admire the boy that the guys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The poets approve the athlete that the mothers encourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poets approve the mother that the fathers remember	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The poets avoid the uncle that the aunts greet	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The poets criticize the doctor that the fathers inspire	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The poets inspire the carpenter that the kids greet	plural	singular	plural	inspires	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The poets remember the farmer that the doctors avoid	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The singers confuse the man that the boys remember	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the woman that the doctors greet	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the woman that the uncles admire	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the father that the doctors encourage	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the victim that the friends know	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The singers encourage the aunt that the athletes stimulate	plural	singular	plural	encourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singers encourage the lawyer that the friends observe	plural	singular	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers approve the victim that the women know	plural	singular	plural	approves	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the woman that the friends greet	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers criticize the mother that the victims inspire	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers criticize the poet that the athletes greet	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers know the lawyer that the kids encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers know the poet that the victims approve	plural	singular	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles approve the victim that the boys observe	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles avoid the guy that the men admire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles confuse the carpenter that the men engage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles engage the athlete that the friends stimulate	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles know the farmer that the athletes observe	plural	singular	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles know the kid that the guys engage	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles observe the kid that the fathers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles observe the man that the carpenters encourage	plural	singular	plural	observes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims approve the aunt that the boys encourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims approve the farmer that the men admire	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The victims avoid the kid that the athletes encourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims criticize the doctor that the men discourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims criticize the farmer that the men stimulate	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The victims engage the father that the poets remember	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The victims greet the aunt that the guys approve	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The victims inspire the boy that the poets confuse	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The victims know the doctor that the farmers criticize	plural	singular	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The victims understand the kid that the fathers observe	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The women avoid the father that the victims approve	plural	singular	plural	avoids	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The women confuse the father that the singers encourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The women encourage the boy that the victims confuse	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The women engage the athlete that the doctors remember	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The women engage the victim that the athletes confuse	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The women greet the carpenter that the men confuse	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The women know the kid that the friends avoid	plural	singular	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The women observe the kid that the farmers engage	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The women remember the mother that the friends discourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The women understand the carpenter that the singers encourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The women understand the lawyer that the kids discourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes approve the men that the singer admires	plural	plural	singular	approves	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes confuse the aunts that the lawyer inspires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes confuse the women that the man knows	plural	plural	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the farmers that the teacher inspires	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the carpenters that the singer remembers	plural	plural	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the farmers that the doctor encourages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes inspire the farmers that the teacher avoids	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the girls that the kid engages	plural	plural	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes know the girls that the lawyer inspires	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes understand the men that the singer observes	plural	plural	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts approve the athletes that the mother inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts approve the poets that the father confuses	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts discourage the friends that the father greets	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts discourage the mothers that the teacher remembers	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts engage the friends that the singer avoids	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts inspire the boys that the friend remembers	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the guys that the mother remembers	plural	plural	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts observe the lawyers that the uncle greets	plural	plural	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts remember the women that the carpenter avoids	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The boys admire the girls that the mother observes	plural	plural	singular	admires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The boys admire the singers that the woman inspires	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The boys approve the lawyers that the victim greets	plural	plural	singular	approves	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The boys criticize the carpenters that the singer engages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The boys discourage the guys that the victim remembers	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The boys encourage the kids that the woman stimulates	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The boys engage the aunts that the man confuses	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The boys engage the farmers that the father criticizes	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boys know the kids that the guy criticizes	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The boys know the singers that the woman admires	plural	plural	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The boys observe the friends that the teacher remembers	plural	plural	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters approve the farmers that the man inspires	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters encourage the athletes that the kid avoids	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters encourage the singers that the mother observes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters engage the teachers that the doctor remembers	plural	plural	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters greet the doctors that the guy stimulates	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters inspire the women that the farmer stimulates	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters know the aunts that the teacher engages	plural	plural	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters observe the fathers that the victim criticizes	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters remember the guys that the athlete discourages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters remember the men that the uncle engages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters understand the girls that the guy observes	plural	plural	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors avoid the boys that the father greets	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors confuse the farmers that the mother approves	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors criticize the athletes that the victim observes	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors discourage the mothers that the aunt criticizes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the mothers that the boy inspires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors inspire the women that the girl encourages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors know the uncles that the kid understands	plural	plural	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors observe the boys that the victim admires	plural	plural	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors observe the mothers that the man avoids	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers avoid the doctors that the singer remembers	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers confuse the mothers that the guy knows	plural	plural	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers criticize the uncles that the victim understands	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers discourage the kids that the guy remembers	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers encourage the fathers that the poet greets	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers encourage the girls that the man observes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers encourage the uncles that the athlete observes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers engage the lawyers that the uncle approves	plural	plural	singular	engages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers greet the men that the boy observes	plural	plural	singular	greets	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers know the men that the lawyer understands	plural	plural	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers know the men that the singer remembers	plural	plural	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers know the victims that the father observes	plural	plural	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers observe the athletes that the singer engages	plural	plural	singular	observes	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers observe the guys that the kid confuses	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers stimulate the friends that the guy avoids	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers approve the teachers that the doctor engages	plural	plural	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers avoid the farmers that the carpenter greets	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers avoid the girls that the man stimulates	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers discourage the kids that the doctor avoids	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers discourage the mothers that the lawyer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers engage the lawyers that the man stimulates	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers engage the teachers that the athlete remembers	plural	plural	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers greet the men that the carpenter encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers greet the poets that the aunt remembers	plural	plural	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers greet the uncles that the woman discourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers inspire the teachers that the boy confuses	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The friends admire the women that the singer understands	plural	plural	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the kids that the man stimulates	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The friends avoid the kids that the girl remembers	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The friends greet the boys that the man discourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends greet the singers that the poet encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The friends inspire the poets that the kid observes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The friends observe the kids that the lawyer admires	plural	plural	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The friends observe the victims that the girl understands	plural	plural	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the boys that the uncle admires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The friends stimulate the farmers that the singer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the men that the poet inspires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the men that the teacher admires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the lawyers that the teacher encourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the men that the farmer inspires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The girls criticize the mothers that the victim greets	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The girls encourage the friends that the woman greets	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The girls inspire the guys that the poet discourages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls observe the friends that the guy encourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The girls remember the kids that the doctor greets	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The girls stimulate the poets that the doctor avoids	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The girls stimulate the teachers that the victim inspires	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys criticize the boys that the carpenter encourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys criticize the friends that the mother understands	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The guys greet the kids that the mother remembers	plural	plural	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The guys know the teachers that the carpenter greets	plural	plural	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The guys observe the girls that the carpenter encourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the victims that the mother admires	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The guys understand the lawyers that the farmer stimulates	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The kids admire the aunts that the man avoids	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The kids admire the victims that the friend engages	plural	plural	singular	admires	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids confuse the farmers that the aunt knows	plural	plural	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that	The kids confuse the lawyers that the mother discourages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The kids encourage the victims that the friend stimulates	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The kids engage the friends that the farmer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The kids greet the victims that the singer inspires	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The kids inspire the athletes that the girl remembers	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The kids inspire the doctors that the mother greets	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The kids remember the girls that the singer approves	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The kids understand the friends that the father stimulates	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers admire the doctors that the friend encourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers approve the farmers that the doctor admires	plural	plural	singular	approves	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers approve the farmers that the poet greets	plural	plural	singular	approves	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers approve the teachers that the poet understands	plural	plural	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers approve the women that the mother stimulates	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the aunts that the victim greets	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the carpenters that the teacher engages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the kids that the mother encourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers criticize the singers that the athlete discourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers discourage the uncles that the father understands	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the carpenters that the friend discourages	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the teachers that the victim stimulates	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the fathers that the friend approves	plural	plural	singular	greets	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers greet the kids that the uncle understands	plural	plural	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers inspire the kids that the singer engages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the mothers that the teacher knows	plural	plural	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the athletes that the doctor greets	plural	plural	singular	approves	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The men approve the girls that the poet remembers	plural	plural	singular	approves	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The men confuse the mothers that the poet understands	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The men criticize the teachers that the athlete inspires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The men discourage the carpenters that the teacher inspires	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The men inspire the aunts that the poet avoids	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The men remember the doctors that the teacher approves	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The men stimulate the carpenters that the boy avoids	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The men stimulate the girls that the friend understands	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The men stimulate the victims that the teacher knows	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that	The men understand the farmers that the friend confuses	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers avoid the women that the guy encourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers confuse the men that the teacher knows	plural	plural	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers encourage the boys that the friend admires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers inspire the poets that the singer understands	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers know the girls that the farmer discourages	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets admire the carpenters that the doctor engages	plural	plural	singular	admires	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets avoid the athletes that the teacher greets	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The poets avoid the fathers that the victim criticizes	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The poets avoid the friends that the lawyer discourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets avoid the victims that the doctor remembers	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The poets criticize the aunts that the mother inspires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The poets criticize the farmers that the uncle greets	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The poets discourage the carpenters that the singer avoids	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The poets know the guys that the father criticizes	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The poets know the men that the friend engages	plural	plural	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The poets understand the kids that the father observes	plural	plural	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The singers admire the victims that the guy criticizes	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The singers avoid the kids that the uncle admires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The singers confuse the boys that the poet knows	plural	plural	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the kids that the teacher approves	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The singers encourage the guys that the farmer understands	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The singers observe the athletes that the guy avoids	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The singers remember the farmers that the friend greets	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The singers stimulate the athletes that the aunt engages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that	The singers understand the kids that the uncle observes	plural	plural	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers confuse the carpenters that the singer knows	plural	plural	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers discourage the carpenters that the father greets	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers discourage the doctors that the lawyer approves	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers discourage the poets that the lawyer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers greet the friends that the carpenter knows	plural	plural	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers greet the uncles that the farmer remembers	plural	plural	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers know the athletes that the boy greets	plural	plural	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers observe the aunts that the father stimulates	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers stimulate the women that the farmer understands	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers understand the guys that the farmer confuses	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles avoid the fathers that the guy inspires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles greet the farmers that the lawyer discourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles greet the poets that the girl admires	plural	plural	singular	greets	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles greet the women that the teacher knows	plural	plural	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles inspire the kids that the carpenter remembers	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The victims confuse the farmers that the kid understands	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that	The victims confuse the lawyers that the teacher knows	plural	plural	singular	confuses	know
objdep_objrel_that	The victims criticize the guys that the farmer confuses	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The victims encourage the men that the farmer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that	The victims encourage the mothers that the carpenter admires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The victims know the farmers that the guy admires	plural	plural	singular	knows	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The victims know the kids that the man encourages	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The victims know the kids that the uncle avoids	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that	The victims remember the teachers that the girl admires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The victims understand the aunts that the farmer admires	plural	plural	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that	The women avoid the lawyers that the carpenter confuses	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objdep_objrel_that	The women confuse the doctors that the girl stimulates	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The women discourage the guys that the doctor stimulates	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that	The women discourage the guys that the victim encourages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that	The women encourage the friends that the aunt observes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that	The women greet the athletes that the boy approves	plural	plural	singular	greets	approve
objdep_objrel_that	The women remember the fathers that the teacher discourages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objdep_objrel_that	The women understand the singers that the girl remembers	plural	plural	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes admire the fathers that the men remember	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes admire the fathers that the singers engage	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes avoid the lawyers that the doctors remember	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes avoid the lawyers that the victims know	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes avoid the poets that the women encourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes confuse the lawyers that the boys understand	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes criticize the fathers that the farmers approve	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes criticize the guys that the teachers inspire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the men that the singers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes discourage the teachers that the fathers encourage	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes encourage the men that the doctors greet	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes engage the boys that the lawyers criticize	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The athletes understand the men that the girls stimulate	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts avoid the kids that the guys inspire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts avoid the mothers that the friends know	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the mothers that the farmers avoid	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts confuse the poets that the girls engage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts discourage the mothers that the farmers admire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts discourage the poets that the farmers inspire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts encourage the kids that the doctors know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts encourage the mothers that the doctors inspire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the lawyers that the mothers inspire	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts know the singers that the girls criticize	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts observe the doctors that the kids approve	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts observe the fathers that the guys criticize	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts remember the fathers that the singers confuse	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The aunts remember the girls that the mothers observe	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys admire the women that the singers discourage	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys discourage the kids that the victims confuse	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The boys discourage the victims that the girls observe	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys discourage the women that the athletes inspire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The boys encourage the lawyers that the girls approve	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The boys engage the friends that the teachers avoid	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The boys know the farmers that the poets inspire	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The boys know the fathers that the singers criticize	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The boys remember the kids that the doctors discourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys remember the teachers that the mothers discourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The boys stimulate the mothers that the women know	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The boys understand the girls that the mothers observe	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters approve the guys that the kids stimulate	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters avoid the women that the aunts discourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters criticize the kids that the men understand	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters criticize the uncles that the girls avoid	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters know the kids that the friends avoid	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The carpenters understand the poets that the friends observe	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors confuse the poets that the mothers know	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors discourage the fathers that the friends know	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors encourage the poets that the victims know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors engage the fathers that the boys avoid	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors engage the friends that the mothers know	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors engage the uncles that the victims greet	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors greet the singers that the carpenters admire	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The doctors understand the aunts that the boys remember	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers avoid the girls that the friends remember	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers confuse the girls that the friends inspire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers criticize the mothers that the boys engage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers encourage the kids that the girls discourage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers engage the lawyers that the athletes approve	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers engage the uncles that the poets observe	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers know the athletes that the poets engage	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The farmers understand the poets that the girls stimulate	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers approve the carpenters that the lawyers inspire	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers approve the teachers that the friends remember	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers avoid the carpenters that the lawyers know	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers encourage the farmers that the lawyers know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers encourage the women that the singers engage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers greet the singers that the mothers criticize	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers observe the aunts that the teachers greet	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers observe the mothers that the friends criticize	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers stimulate the friends that the poets greet	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The fathers understand the aunts that the carpenters stimulate	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The friends admire the aunts that the women confuse	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the aunts that the carpenters engage	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The friends approve the carpenters that the teachers admire	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The friends confuse the singers that the fathers observe	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The friends discourage the aunts that the athletes inspire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The friends remember the singers that the victims inspire	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The friends understand the mothers that the guys avoid	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The girls admire the athletes that the victims inspire	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The girls avoid the mothers that the boys greet	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The girls confuse the boys that the kids discourage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The girls discourage the fathers that the singers greet	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The girls engage the boys that the victims greet	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The girls observe the teachers that the women know	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The girls remember the aunts that the victims greet	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guys admire the aunts that the victims stimulate	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The guys admire the fathers that the aunts approve	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The guys approve the athletes that the farmers criticize	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The guys approve the teachers that the women understand	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The guys avoid the kids that the victims know	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The guys confuse the uncles that the boys understand	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The guys encourage the poets that the doctors confuse	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The guys greet the mothers that the singers know	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The guys remember the teachers that the boys inspire	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the girls that the athletes greet	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The guys stimulate the girls that the aunts encourage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids admire the carpenters that the uncles stimulate	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The kids approve the farmers that the fathers encourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The kids confuse the uncles that the athletes inspire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The kids discourage the mothers that the teachers admire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The kids greet the farmers that the aunts admire	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The kids observe the farmers that the girls remember	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The kids stimulate the guys that the teachers confuse	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The kids stimulate the victims that the women inspire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers approve the mothers that the athletes understand	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the mothers that the singers discourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers avoid the teachers that the poets discourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the doctors that the boys discourage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers encourage the fathers that the carpenters know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers engage the aunts that the kids admire	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers engage the teachers that the fathers understand	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers know the poets that the aunts observe	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the teachers that the boys encourage	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the uncles that the friends greet	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers observe the victims that the friends criticize	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers remember the aunts that the farmers discourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers stimulate the farmers that the kids avoid	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers stimulate the poets that the women avoid	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The lawyers understand the men that the girls avoid	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The men avoid the guys that the teachers engage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The men avoid the singers that the poets observe	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The men criticize the mothers that the carpenters inspire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The men discourage the doctors that the aunts confuse	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The men encourage the mothers that the boys understand	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The men know the farmers that the doctors discourage	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The men know the girls that the uncles understand	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The men know the lawyers that the girls engage	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The men stimulate the mothers that the friends remember	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The men understand the boys that the aunts discourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The men understand the friends that the victims engage	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers approve the carpenters that the teachers engage	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers criticize the men that the kids confuse	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers know the guys that the boys inspire	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers stimulate the farmers that the athletes know	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The mothers understand the girls that the athletes stimulate	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The poets approve the lawyers that the doctors inspire	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The poets avoid the singers that the carpenters engage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The poets confuse the men that the doctors know	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The poets criticize the mothers that the boys discourage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The poets discourage the lawyers that the farmers inspire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The poets discourage the mothers that the farmers remember	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The poets engage the aunts that the athletes avoid	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The poets inspire the athletes that the guys stimulate	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The poets inspire the mothers that the kids engage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The singers admire the farmers that the kids approve	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that	The singers confuse the boys that the poets observe	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singers criticize the victims that the teachers inspire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the fathers that the guys criticize	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the girls that the carpenters engage	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The singers discourage the guys that the friends stimulate	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singers encourage the lawyers that the athletes inspire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The singers encourage the teachers that the carpenters know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that	The singers engage the boys that the kids stimulate	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The singers engage the doctors that the carpenters remember	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The singers know the farmers that the guys observe	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The singers know the women that the kids greet	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The singers observe the friends that the mothers understand	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers approve the singers that the women discourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the doctors that the boys remember	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the girls that the carpenters observe	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers avoid the singers that the guys admire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers criticize the singers that the aunts greet	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers criticize the victims that the singers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers discourage the victims that the women confuse	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers engage the kids that the women remember	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers engage the victims that the doctors remember	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers inspire the boys that the kids remember	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers remember the uncles that the boys understand	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that	The teachers stimulate the farmers that the athletes engage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles avoid the fathers that the mothers criticize	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles avoid the mothers that the lawyers admire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles confuse the guys that the kids inspire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles confuse the poets that the farmers admire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles criticize the boys that the women greet	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles criticize the guys that the kids confuse	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles discourage the athletes that the fathers greet	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles discourage the girls that the women stimulate	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles engage the carpenters that the boys criticize	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles engage the lawyers that the doctors stimulate	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles greet the kids that the doctors admire	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles observe the friends that the men admire	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles remember the fathers that the aunts discourage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objdep_objrel_that	The uncles understand the guys that the mothers encourage	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims avoid the poets that the fathers engage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims confuse the poets that the men avoid	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The victims confuse the uncles that the fathers avoid	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The victims engage the aunts that the mothers observe	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that	The victims greet the carpenters that the lawyers inspire	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The victims inspire the lawyers that the teachers confuse	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The victims know the mothers that the girls engage	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that	The victims remember the farmers that the guys confuse	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that	The victims stimulate the carpenters that the aunts criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The women admire the guys that the carpenters inspire	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The women admire the guys that the poets encourage	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that	The women avoid the athletes that the singers criticize	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that	The women avoid the boys that the guys inspire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The women encourage the kids that the boys inspire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that	The women inspire the fathers that the singers remember	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that	The women inspire the mothers that the victims avoid	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that	The women know the aunts that the teachers criticize	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objrel	The athlete the carpenter knows confuses the woman	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objrel	The athlete the doctor encourages greets the girl	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel	The athlete the doctor knows stimulates the poet	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel	The athlete the farmer avoids inspires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel	The athlete the girl greets engages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objrel	The athlete the guy engages stimulates the farmer	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objrel	The athlete the kid stimulates knows the singer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objrel	The athlete the lawyer encourages avoids the singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objrel	The athlete the man approves observes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objrel	The athlete the poet greets remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel	The athlete the singer approves stimulates the farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel	The athlete the victim avoids inspires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel	The athlete the victim greets avoids the man	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel	The athlete the victim knows confuses the girl	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objrel	The athlete the woman greets discourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objrel	The aunt the athlete discourages knows the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objrel	The aunt the athlete remembers discourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objrel	The aunt the carpenter remembers understands the singer	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
objrel	The aunt the father knows admires the woman	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objrel	The aunt the father stimulates greets the kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objrel	The aunt the friend stimulates understands the teacher	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objrel	The aunt the lawyer greets engages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objrel	The aunt the mother approves remembers the farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objrel	The aunt the mother criticizes stimulates the singer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objrel	The aunt the poet discourages stimulates the kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel	The aunt the singer admires criticizes the victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objrel	The aunt the teacher encourages criticizes the guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel	The aunt the teacher greets discourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objrel	The aunt the victim discourages criticizes the singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objrel	The aunt the woman observes knows the victim	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel	The aunt the woman understands discourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objrel	The boy the carpenter understands greets the kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel	The boy the father admires criticizes the woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objrel	The boy the kid admires observes the man	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel	The boy the man engages discourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel	The boy the uncle knows inspires the victim	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objrel	The boy the victim stimulates inspires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objrel	The boy the woman admires knows the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objrel	The carpenter the aunt inspires understands the woman	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objrel	The carpenter the aunt knows confuses the victim	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objrel	The carpenter the boy stimulates greets the farmer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objrel	The carpenter the doctor engages observes the father	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel	The carpenter the farmer admires confuses the kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objrel	The carpenter the father criticizes inspires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objrel	The carpenter the friend engages criticizes the victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objrel	The carpenter the guy admires discourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel	The carpenter the lawyer greets encourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel	The carpenter the mother discourages criticizes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objrel	The carpenter the poet discourages engages the boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel	The carpenter the teacher engages avoids the poet	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objrel	The carpenter the teacher knows confuses the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objrel	The carpenter the victim avoids observes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objrel	The doctor the athlete confuses knows the victim	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objrel	The doctor the boy confuses discourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objrel	The doctor the boy understands confuses the guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objrel	The doctor the guy stimulates confuses the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel	The doctor the mother avoids stimulates the friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objrel	The doctor the poet understands greets the farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel	The doctor the uncle observes criticizes the guy	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objrel	The doctor the woman observes knows the friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel	The farmer the aunt approves engages the guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objrel	The farmer the boy admires stimulates the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objrel	The farmer the boy engages stimulates the man	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objrel	The farmer the friend understands observes the athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objrel	The farmer the girl engages approves the victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objrel	The farmer the girl engages stimulates the friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objrel	The farmer the mother avoids knows the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objrel	The farmer the mother discourages stimulates the singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel	The farmer the singer admires encourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objrel	The father the athlete stimulates avoids the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objrel	The father the carpenter remembers stimulates the doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel	The father the doctor encourages engages the guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objrel	The father the girl criticizes avoids the uncle	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objrel	The father the kid remembers knows the girl	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objrel	The father the mother confuses knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objrel	The father the mother criticizes confuses the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel	The father the singer greets stimulates the doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objrel	The friend the athlete encourages knows the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel	The friend the athlete engages inspires the poet	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objrel	The friend the aunt greets remembers the mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel	The friend the boy encourages stimulates the woman	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel	The friend the kid observes encourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objrel	The friend the man admires remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objrel	The friend the mother greets criticizes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objrel	The friend the teacher criticizes observes the kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
objrel	The friend the teacher greets stimulates the poet	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objrel	The friend the woman remembers criticizes the man	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objrel	The girl the friend knows observes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel	The girl the friend stimulates confuses the teacher	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel	The girl the kid discourages knows the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objrel	The girl the lawyer avoids greets the friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objrel	The girl the mother avoids remembers the aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel	The girl the mother confuses encourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objrel	The girl the uncle remembers observes the kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objrel	The girl the victim discourages approves the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
objrel	The girl the victim knows criticizes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objrel	The guy the boy encourages understands the girl	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objrel	The guy the father knows confuses the friend	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objrel	The guy the father stimulates remembers the mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objrel	The guy the girl greets knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel	The guy the kid stimulates criticizes the poet	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objrel	The guy the lawyer admires approves the mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objrel	The guy the victim criticizes stimulates the man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objrel	The guy the woman approves stimulates the victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel	The kid the boy avoids remembers the singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel	The kid the boy criticizes engages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objrel	The kid the boy encourages understands the man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objrel	The kid the carpenter greets encourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel	The kid the farmer engages discourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel	The kid the lawyer admires avoids the poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objrel	The kid the lawyer observes admires the friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objrel	The kid the man stimulates admires the father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objrel	The kid the singer approves knows the victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objrel	The kid the singer engages inspires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objrel	The kid the woman stimulates admires the teacher	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objrel	The lawyer the athlete inspires observes the friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objrel	The lawyer the boy admires understands the kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objrel	The lawyer the doctor greets stimulates the poet	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objrel	The lawyer the girl understands greets the kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel	The lawyer the guy approves confuses the girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objrel	The lawyer the man discourages criticizes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the mother confuses approves the teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objrel	The lawyer the singer inspires confuses the woman	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel	The man the farmer encourages criticizes the victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel	The man the father confuses discourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objrel	The man the girl knows engages the poet	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objrel	The man the mother understands avoids the woman	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objrel	The man the teacher criticizes greets the friend	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel	The man the woman approves greets the victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objrel	The mother the aunt admires engages the kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
objrel	The mother the boy approves stimulates the aunt	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel	The mother the father confuses approves the teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objrel	The mother the lawyer criticizes confuses the uncle	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel	The mother the man avoids inspires the kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel	The mother the singer knows approves the woman	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
objrel	The poet the athlete inspires confuses the aunt	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel	The poet the boy greets observes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objrel	The poet the farmer approves stimulates the girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel	The poet the farmer engages inspires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objrel	The poet the farmer observes approves the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objrel	The poet the farmer understands remembers the woman	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objrel	The poet the friend knows stimulates the uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel	The poet the kid encourages avoids the athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objrel	The poet the lawyer admires confuses the guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objrel	The poet the lawyer admires engages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
objrel	The poet the lawyer inspires confuses the mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel	The poet the man avoids observes the singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objrel	The poet the singer observes criticizes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objrel	The poet the woman discourages remembers the doctor	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel	The singer the athlete admires approves the farmer	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objrel	The singer the friend admires stimulates the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objrel	The singer the girl remembers understands the doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
objrel	The singer the victim avoids admires the poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel	The singer the victim stimulates remembers the guy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objrel	The singer the woman remembers approves the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel	The teacher the doctor approves avoids the uncle	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objrel	The teacher the friend encourages knows the mother	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel	The teacher the friend observes inspires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objrel	The teacher the girl avoids remembers the poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
objrel	The teacher the kid engages confuses the singer	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objrel	The teacher the man understands discourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objrel	The teacher the mother engages avoids the farmer	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objrel	The teacher the poet understands admires the father	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objrel	The teacher the woman greets understands the athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
objrel	The uncle the athlete engages greets the friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objrel	The uncle the friend encourages knows the singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel	The uncle the man engages approves the victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objrel	The uncle the man greets observes the kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objrel	The uncle the poet confuses encourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objrel	The uncle the teacher confuses approves the boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objrel	The uncle the teacher greets approves the kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objrel	The uncle the victim discourages understands the poet	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objrel	The uncle the victim greets avoids the teacher	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel	The victim the athlete confuses understands the boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objrel	The victim the athlete knows remembers the kid	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objrel	The victim the athlete remembers stimulates the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel	The victim the aunt discourages knows the athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objrel	The victim the aunt inspires discourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objrel	The victim the carpenter criticizes avoids the kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objrel	The victim the farmer knows greets the friend	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel	The victim the father confuses knows the teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objrel	The victim the kid criticizes inspires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objrel	The victim the mother criticizes greets the kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel	The victim the singer criticizes knows the aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objrel	The victim the singer inspires admires the girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel	The victim the woman avoids stimulates the boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objrel	The woman the athlete understands knows the guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objrel	The woman the doctor approves criticizes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
objrel	The woman the doctor avoids inspires the victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel	The woman the doctor understands approves the aunt	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel	The woman the father greets approves the boy	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objrel	The woman the friend knows inspires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objrel	The woman the girl understands approves the teacher	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel	The woman the guy inspires admires the friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objrel	The woman the kid stimulates confuses the guy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel	The woman the lawyer criticizes discourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel	The woman the lawyer discourages engages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel	The woman the man avoids understands the boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objrel	The woman the teacher knows stimulates the mother	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel	The woman the victim encourages understands the father	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objrel	The athlete the aunt inspires approves the mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
objrel	The athlete the carpenter engages encourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
objrel	The athlete the father confuses encourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel	The athlete the father observes understands the victims	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
objrel	The athlete the father remembers stimulates the women	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
objrel	The athlete the friend greets confuses the teachers	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
objrel	The athlete the friend stimulates greets the teachers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel	The athlete the girl avoids encourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel	The athlete the guy avoids observes the boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
objrel	The athlete the kid remembers avoids the men	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
objrel	The athlete the man discourages inspires the friends	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
objrel	The athlete the man remembers admires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
objrel	The athlete the man remembers approves the singers	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
objrel	The athlete the victim greets encourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel	The aunt the athlete stimulates discourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel	The aunt the boy avoids criticizes the kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
objrel	The aunt the carpenter confuses encourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel	The aunt the carpenter encourages engages the women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
objrel	The aunt the friend avoids understands the fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
objrel	The aunt the girl admires approves the fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
objrel	The aunt the guy admires observes the men	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
objrel	The aunt the guy inspires observes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel	The aunt the man inspires encourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
objrel	The aunt the mother admires inspires the victims	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
objrel	The aunt the singer confuses criticizes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
objrel	The boy the athlete avoids encourages the men	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel	The boy the aunt understands knows the athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
objrel	The boy the doctor admires inspires the singers	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
objrel	The boy the doctor greets criticizes the girls	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
objrel	The boy the doctor understands criticizes the men	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel	The boy the farmer admires greets the teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
objrel	The boy the father discourages inspires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
objrel	The boy the kid criticizes understands the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
objrel	The boy the lawyer inspires stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
objrel	The boy the mother avoids engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
objrel	The boy the poet stimulates engages the women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel	The boy the uncle greets approves the women	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
objrel	The carpenter the farmer understands confuses the poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
objrel	The carpenter the father discourages remembers the singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
objrel	The carpenter the friend understands remembers the poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
objrel	The carpenter the man engages admires the friends	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
objrel	The carpenter the mother understands discourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
objrel	The carpenter the singer criticizes knows the teachers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel	The carpenter the teacher remembers greets the kids	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
objrel	The doctor the carpenter admires stimulates the victims	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel	The doctor the farmer criticizes encourages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
objrel	The doctor the girl approves admires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel	The doctor the guy approves criticizes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
objrel	The doctor the guy knows greets the friends	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
objrel	The doctor the lawyer stimulates admires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
objrel	The doctor the mother knows criticizes the victims	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
objrel	The doctor the singer confuses understands the men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel	The doctor the teacher admires avoids the farmers	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
objrel	The doctor the uncle encourages admires the victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel	The doctor the woman greets criticizes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
objrel	The farmer the athlete avoids inspires the poets	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
objrel	The farmer the boy greets discourages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
objrel	The farmer the doctor admires engages the men	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
objrel	The farmer the doctor engages stimulates the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
objrel	The farmer the father knows engages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel	The farmer the girl discourages understands the fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
objrel	The farmer the guy confuses greets the fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel	The farmer the guy understands remembers the teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
objrel	The farmer the lawyer engages confuses the poets	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
objrel	The farmer the man encourages remembers the doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
objrel	The farmer the mother encourages discourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel	The father the boy remembers discourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
objrel	The father the carpenter understands knows the women	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
objrel	The father the doctor observes remembers the kids	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel	The father the doctor remembers confuses the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
objrel	The father the farmer admires greets the teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
objrel	The father the farmer encourages inspires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
objrel	The father the friend encourages discourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel	The father the girl greets observes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel	The father the kid discourages avoids the girls	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
objrel	The father the kid observes encourages the women	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel	The father the poet stimulates criticizes the men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
objrel	The friend the farmer greets discourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
objrel	The friend the farmer stimulates inspires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
objrel	The friend the kid encourages knows the girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel	The friend the kid understands engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel	The friend the teacher understands remembers the fathers	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
objrel	The friend the victim criticizes approves the fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel	The girl the athlete criticizes avoids the farmers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
objrel	The girl the aunt knows criticizes the friends	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
objrel	The girl the farmer approves understands the mothers	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel	The girl the farmer inspires confuses the kids	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
objrel	The girl the father criticizes understands the doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
objrel	The girl the friend greets remembers the kids	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel	The girl the kid criticizes confuses the mothers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
objrel	The girl the poet encourages understands the victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
objrel	The girl the poet knows stimulates the victims	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
objrel	The guy the athlete criticizes greets the uncles	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
objrel	The guy the aunt observes remembers the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel	The guy the lawyer understands stimulates the kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel	The guy the man understands knows the poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
objrel	The guy the singer inspires observes the poets	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel	The guy the woman admires remembers the uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
objrel	The kid the athlete criticizes confuses the uncles	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
objrel	The kid the athlete engages admires the guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
objrel	The kid the boy admires criticizes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
objrel	The kid the father remembers inspires the singers	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel	The kid the friend encourages understands the men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
objrel	The kid the girl confuses engages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
objrel	The kid the guy admires criticizes the women	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
objrel	The kid the lawyer discourages understands the girls	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
objrel	The kid the lawyer stimulates avoids the fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
objrel	The kid the man greets remembers the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel	The kid the poet engages stimulates the fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
objrel	The kid the singer criticizes approves the girls	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel	The kid the teacher stimulates criticizes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the athlete engages admires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
objrel	The lawyer the athlete remembers admires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
objrel	The lawyer the aunt admires discourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel	The lawyer the aunt admires stimulates the fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel	The lawyer the doctor confuses admires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel	The lawyer the guy discourages engages the boys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
objrel	The lawyer the victim approves knows the men	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel	The lawyer the victim observes engages the girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
objrel	The man the athlete observes criticizes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticize
objrel	The man the father knows discourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
objrel	The man the lawyer confuses avoids the singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel	The man the lawyer engages encourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
objrel	The man the mother observes engages the women	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
objrel	The man the poet knows approves the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel	The man the uncle knows engages the guys	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel	The man the victim discourages remembers the fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
objrel	The man the victim understands encourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel	The man the woman inspires engages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel	The mother the athlete approves engages the girls	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
objrel	The mother the athlete knows confuses the kids	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
objrel	The mother the athlete understands observes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
objrel	The mother the carpenter remembers understands the friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel	The mother the doctor criticizes remembers the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
objrel	The mother the farmer criticizes observes the kids	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observe
objrel	The mother the farmer engages discourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
objrel	The mother the farmer remembers admires the poets	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
objrel	The mother the kid inspires criticizes the men	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
objrel	The poet the boy avoids approves the teachers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
objrel	The poet the carpenter approves confuses the victims	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
objrel	The poet the doctor greets engages the victims	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
objrel	The poet the farmer approves avoids the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
objrel	The poet the father admires observes the kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
objrel	The poet the father inspires observes the uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel	The poet the father observes stimulates the mothers	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
objrel	The poet the guy avoids encourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel	The poet the kid stimulates understands the doctors	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
objrel	The poet the lawyer admires engages the guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
objrel	The poet the lawyer encourages confuses the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
objrel	The poet the mother understands avoids the kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
objrel	The singer the aunt engages greets the athletes	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
objrel	The singer the boy approves admires the guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel	The singer the boy avoids confuses the guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
objrel	The singer the carpenter remembers stimulates the victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
objrel	The singer the father criticizes encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
objrel	The singer the girl remembers inspires the victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel	The singer the lawyer confuses criticizes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
objrel	The singer the man remembers encourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel	The singer the mother remembers avoids the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
objrel	The singer the mother remembers encourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel	The singer the mother understands remembers the guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
objrel	The singer the poet knows understands the women	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
objrel	The singer the uncle knows discourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
objrel	The singer the woman knows avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
objrel	The teacher the aunt discourages remembers the fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
objrel	The teacher the boy observes inspires the fathers	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel	The teacher the doctor inspires engages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel	The teacher the father criticizes greets the aunts	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
objrel	The teacher the father encourages stimulates the men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
objrel	The teacher the kid approves understands the guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel	The teacher the poet encourages admires the boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel	The teacher the singer criticizes admires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel	The uncle the aunt engages discourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
objrel	The uncle the father discourages confuses the friends	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
objrel	The uncle the friend approves engages the girls	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
objrel	The uncle the friend criticizes approves the boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel	The uncle the girl knows understands the guys	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
objrel	The uncle the guy observes encourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel	The uncle the lawyer inspires stimulates the girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
objrel	The uncle the mother confuses observes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
objrel	The uncle the mother discourages criticizes the girls	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticize
objrel	The uncle the singer encourages observes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
objrel	The victim the carpenter observes discourages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
objrel	The victim the doctor observes encourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel	The victim the farmer encourages confuses the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
objrel	The victim the father encourages inspires the girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
objrel	The victim the girl confuses encourages the poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel	The victim the mother approves understands the boys	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel	The victim the mother confuses admires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel	The victim the singer stimulates engages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel	The victim the woman avoids greets the girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
objrel	The woman the aunt greets avoids the teachers	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
objrel	The woman the boy confuses avoids the kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel	The woman the carpenter approves engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
objrel	The woman the guy stimulates inspires the poets	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
objrel	The woman the man remembers approves the farmers	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
objrel	The woman the mother discourages knows the boys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel	The woman the mother remembers discourages the men	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
objrel	The woman the poet encourages avoids the friends	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
objrel	The woman the uncle remembers encourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel	The athlete the aunts discourage encourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objrel	The athlete the farmers observe understands the poet	singular	plural	singular	observes	understand
objrel	The athlete the fathers know criticizes the mother	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel	The athlete the fathers observe remembers the poet	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel	The athlete the friends engage discourages the father	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel	The athlete the kids greet confuses the singer	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel	The athlete the poets avoid criticizes the singer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objrel	The athlete the singers admire greets the mother	singular	plural	singular	admires	greet
objrel	The aunt the carpenters confuse knows the athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel	The aunt the carpenters observe confuses the kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objrel	The aunt the carpenters remember greets the farmer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel	The aunt the farmers remember approves the singer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objrel	The aunt the kids engage avoids the teacher	singular	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objrel	The aunt the singers confuse greets the father	singular	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objrel	The aunt the victims inspire understands the woman	singular	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objrel	The boy the carpenters greet inspires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel	The boy the farmers engage discourages the father	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel	The boy the friends understand criticizes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objrel	The boy the guys understand discourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objrel	The boy the kids stimulate confuses the girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel	The boy the poets avoid remembers the girl	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel	The boy the victims remember avoids the father	singular	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objrel	The boy the women encourage engages the friend	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel	The carpenter the aunts discourage observes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objrel	The carpenter the aunts know inspires the friend	singular	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objrel	The carpenter the doctors inspire engages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objrel	The carpenter the friends approve confuses the teacher	singular	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objrel	The carpenter the girls remember encourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objrel	The carpenter the guys approve remembers the singer	singular	plural	singular	approves	remember
objrel	The carpenter the kids understand knows the girl	singular	plural	singular	understands	know
objrel	The carpenter the mothers greet encourages the friend	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel	The carpenter the teachers confuse inspires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel	The carpenter the victims encourage avoids the teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objrel	The carpenter the victims understand approves the mother	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel	The doctor the farmers greet engages the boy	singular	plural	singular	greets	engage
objrel	The doctor the fathers admire understands the guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	understand
objrel	The doctor the friends confuse admires the man	singular	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objrel	The doctor the girls inspire observes the guy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel	The doctor the girls remember greets the mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel	The doctor the guys observe stimulates the kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objrel	The doctor the kids approve engages the singer	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel	The doctor the lawyers criticize understands the singer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objrel	The doctor the lawyers stimulate encourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel	The doctor the mothers observe avoids the father	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel	The doctor the teachers observe stimulates the man	singular	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objrel	The doctor the uncles inspire confuses the girl	singular	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objrel	The doctor the victims admire remembers the aunt	singular	plural	singular	admires	remember
objrel	The doctor the women understand remembers the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	understands	remember
objrel	The farmer the boys engage approves the woman	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel	The farmer the carpenters avoid discourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objrel	The farmer the fathers avoid greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objrel	The farmer the friends encourage discourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objrel	The farmer the kids encourage confuses the doctor	singular	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objrel	The farmer the kids inspire avoids the guy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objrel	The farmer the kids stimulate admires the victim	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objrel	The farmer the lawyers remember confuses the singer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel	The farmer the mothers approve encourages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objrel	The farmer the poets greet remembers the uncle	singular	plural	singular	greets	remember
objrel	The father the athletes encourage criticizes the man	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel	The father the athletes stimulate confuses the farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel	The father the aunts criticize inspires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel	The father the aunts encourage observes the poet	singular	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objrel	The father the aunts remember confuses the man	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel	The father the boys discourage engages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objrel	The father the friends inspire observes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel	The father the guys discourage observes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objrel	The father the guys stimulate confuses the victim	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel	The father the kids admire approves the man	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel	The father the singers know confuses the doctor	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel	The father the teachers approve avoids the girl	singular	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objrel	The father the victims remember engages the girl	singular	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objrel	The father the women discourage confuses the girl	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel	The friend the boys greet observes the father	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel	The friend the farmers stimulate greets the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objrel	The friend the girls approve criticizes the boy	singular	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objrel	The friend the girls confuse discourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objrel	The friend the guys observe approves the mother	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel	The friend the kids admire knows the boy	singular	plural	singular	admires	know
objrel	The friend the kids observe confuses the boy	singular	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objrel	The friend the kids observe criticizes the victim	singular	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objrel	The friend the lawyers admire encourages the father	singular	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objrel	The friend the uncles understand inspires the kid	singular	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objrel	The friend the women criticize engages the singer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel	The girl the aunts observe stimulates the father	singular	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objrel	The girl the boys criticize admires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objrel	The girl the boys remember criticizes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objrel	The girl the boys stimulate observes the father	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objrel	The girl the farmers understand observes the friend	singular	plural	singular	understands	observe
objrel	The girl the mothers know remembers the uncle	singular	plural	singular	knows	remember
objrel	The girl the singers observe encourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objrel	The guy the aunts admire approves the uncle	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel	The guy the aunts engage stimulates the mother	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel	The guy the carpenters stimulate avoids the friend	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objrel	The guy the farmers approve criticizes the mother	singular	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objrel	The guy the fathers remember discourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objrel	The guy the kids admire engages the aunt	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel	The guy the kids engage stimulates the uncle	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel	The guy the lawyers admire stimulates the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objrel	The guy the lawyers engage avoids the friend	singular	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objrel	The guy the singers admire discourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel	The guy the teachers confuse encourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel	The guy the victims admire criticizes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objrel	The guy the victims discourage confuses the kid	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel	The kid the doctors encourage approves the athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel	The kid the girls engage greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	engages	greet
objrel	The kid the girls observe avoids the guy	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel	The kid the men greet stimulates the uncle	singular	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objrel	The kid the poets engage stimulates the uncle	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel	The kid the teachers remember greets the poet	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel	The kid the teachers understand knows the singer	singular	plural	singular	understands	know
objrel	The kid the victims know stimulates the man	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel	The lawyer the athletes approve understands the kid	singular	plural	singular	approves	understand
objrel	The lawyer the athletes engage encourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel	The lawyer the carpenters discourage knows the aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel	The lawyer the carpenters know greets the singer	singular	plural	singular	knows	greet
objrel	The lawyer the fathers admire encourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objrel	The lawyer the friends remember confuses the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel	The lawyer the mothers inspire approves the farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objrel	The lawyer the teachers observe avoids the friend	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel	The lawyer the victims approve encourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objrel	The man the athletes confuse observes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objrel	The man the carpenters criticize avoids the doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objrel	The man the carpenters criticize greets the singer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel	The man the doctors discourage admires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourages	admire
objrel	The man the farmers avoid greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objrel	The man the friends encourage stimulates the uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel	The man the guys discourage admires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	admire
objrel	The man the kids criticize remembers the uncle	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	remember
objrel	The man the lawyers avoid stimulates the farmer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objrel	The man the mothers observe knows the doctor	singular	plural	singular	observes	know
objrel	The man the singers encourage greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objrel	The man the teachers confuse understands the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objrel	The man the uncles stimulate avoids the aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objrel	The mother the carpenters encourage inspires the boy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objrel	The mother the carpenters greet engages the poet	singular	plural	singular	greets	engage
objrel	The mother the farmers remember understands the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objrel	The mother the friends observe engages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	observes	engage
objrel	The mother the girls encourage confuses the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objrel	The mother the lawyers observe avoids the boy	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel	The mother the uncles approve understands the athlete	singular	plural	singular	approves	understand
objrel	The mother the uncles know remembers the victim	singular	plural	singular	knows	remember
objrel	The mother the victims remember understands the woman	singular	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objrel	The mother the women know greets the girl	singular	plural	singular	knows	greet
objrel	The poet the farmers know engages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	knows	engage
objrel	The poet the friends approve discourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objrel	The poet the girls confuse inspires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel	The poet the kids engage inspires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objrel	The poet the kids understand observes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	understands	observe
objrel	The poet the lawyers engage confuses the aunt	singular	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objrel	The poet the singers greet inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel	The poet the uncles observe understands the girl	singular	plural	singular	observes	understand
objrel	The singer the aunts admire greets the athlete	singular	plural	singular	admires	greet
objrel	The singer the carpenters remember inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel	The singer the fathers criticize engages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel	The singer the fathers discourage approves the aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objrel	The singer the girls criticize observes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel	The singer the poets discourage criticizes the victim	singular	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objrel	The singer the poets understand engages the guy	singular	plural	singular	understands	engage
objrel	The singer the teachers stimulate confuses the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel	The singer the uncles confuse engages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel	The singer the uncles stimulate remembers the doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objrel	The singer the women confuse approves the kid	singular	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objrel	The teacher the boys observe inspires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objrel	The teacher the doctors inspire remembers the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objrel	The teacher the friends approve criticizes the father	singular	plural	singular	approves	criticize
objrel	The teacher the friends criticize observes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel	The teacher the friends remember avoids the guy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objrel	The teacher the men confuse observes the athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objrel	The teacher the victims understand approves the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel	The uncle the carpenters stimulate engages the boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objrel	The uncle the doctors approve admires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	approves	admire
objrel	The uncle the fathers know avoids the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel	The uncle the men avoid understands the guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel	The uncle the men greet observes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel	The uncle the poets discourage remembers the singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objrel	The uncle the poets encourage knows the victim	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel	The uncle the poets stimulate avoids the guy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objrel	The uncle the singers approve engages the woman	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel	The uncle the victims confuse greets the farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objrel	The uncle the women confuse remembers the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel	The victim the athletes avoid confuses the boy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objrel	The victim the carpenters criticize admires the guy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objrel	The victim the farmers confuse observes the poet	singular	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objrel	The victim the farmers discourage greets the kid	singular	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objrel	The victim the fathers confuse engages the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel	The victim the kids stimulate knows the woman	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objrel	The victim the lawyers encourage engages the singer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel	The victim the mothers remember confuses the woman	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel	The victim the singers greet admires the mother	singular	plural	singular	greets	admire
objrel	The victim the women confuse remembers the mother	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel	The woman the aunts engage observes the athlete	singular	plural	singular	engages	observe
objrel	The woman the boys know confuses the man	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel	The woman the carpenters encourage avoids the doctor	singular	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objrel	The woman the girls approve remembers the athlete	singular	plural	singular	approves	remember
objrel	The woman the girls confuse remembers the mother	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel	The woman the guys criticize confuses the kid	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objrel	The woman the guys know criticizes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel	The woman the mothers admire criticizes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objrel	The woman the teachers confuse greets the singer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objrel	The woman the uncles remember admires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objrel	The athlete the boys know engages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel	The athlete the boys observe understands the teachers	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel	The athlete the farmers understand discourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel	The athlete the lawyers know encourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	knows	encourage
objrel	The athlete the poets engage criticizes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel	The athlete the singers remember approves the men	singular	plural	plural	remembers	approve
objrel	The athlete the uncles discourage approves the aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel	The athlete the women confuse inspires the singers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel	The aunt the boys observe admires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	observes	admire
objrel	The aunt the fathers discourage greets the mothers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel	The aunt the guys remember inspires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	inspire
objrel	The aunt the kids observe confuses the mothers	singular	plural	plural	observes	confuse
objrel	The aunt the mothers observe inspires the girls	singular	plural	plural	observes	inspire
objrel	The aunt the singers avoid inspires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel	The aunt the teachers understand confuses the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understands	confuse
objrel	The aunt the uncles approve engages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	approves	engage
objrel	The aunt the uncles avoid remembers the victims	singular	plural	plural	avoids	remember
objrel	The aunt the women encourage approves the poets	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel	The boy the athletes encourage engages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	engage
objrel	The boy the aunts engage criticizes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel	The boy the carpenters know stimulates the friends	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel	The boy the farmers discourage admires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel	The boy the farmers discourage avoids the kids	singular	plural	plural	discourages	avoid
objrel	The boy the friends encourage inspires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	inspire
objrel	The boy the girls approve discourages the friends	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel	The boy the girls criticize observes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	observe
objrel	The boy the kids approve discourages the women	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel	The boy the mothers criticize greets the guys	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel	The boy the mothers observe remembers the doctors	singular	plural	plural	observes	remember
objrel	The boy the singers encourage greets the aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourages	greet
objrel	The boy the uncles greet stimulates the poets	singular	plural	plural	greets	stimulate
objrel	The boy the women confuse criticizes the singers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	criticize
objrel	The carpenter the athletes avoid confuses the poets	singular	plural	plural	avoids	confuse
objrel	The carpenter the doctors admire greets the mothers	singular	plural	plural	admires	greet
objrel	The carpenter the doctors greet inspires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greets	inspire
objrel	The carpenter the farmers confuse approves the victims	singular	plural	plural	confuses	approve
objrel	The carpenter the lawyers observe criticizes the men	singular	plural	plural	observes	criticize
objrel	The carpenter the lawyers stimulate admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	admire
objrel	The carpenter the mothers avoid discourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel	The carpenter the women encourage approves the poets	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel	The doctor the athletes avoid encourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel	The doctor the athletes inspire remembers the fathers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel	The doctor the athletes understand stimulates the teachers	singular	plural	plural	understands	stimulate
objrel	The doctor the carpenters greet understands the girls	singular	plural	plural	greets	understand
objrel	The doctor the farmers engage greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	engages	greet
objrel	The doctor the friends stimulate inspires the girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	inspire
objrel	The doctor the lawyers know discourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	knows	discourage
objrel	The doctor the mothers admire discourages the friends	singular	plural	plural	admires	discourage
objrel	The doctor the mothers admire observes the men	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel	The doctor the poets encourage confuses the aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourages	confuse
objrel	The doctor the singers know greets the poets	singular	plural	plural	knows	greet
objrel	The doctor the uncles discourage encourages the women	singular	plural	plural	discourages	encourage
objrel	The doctor the uncles inspire greets the men	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel	The farmer the athletes inspire confuses the mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	confuse
objrel	The farmer the boys avoid encourages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel	The farmer the doctors approve stimulates the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approves	stimulate
objrel	The farmer the doctors criticize avoids the guys	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	avoid
objrel	The farmer the doctors remember engages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	remembers	engage
objrel	The farmer the fathers stimulate greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel	The farmer the friends confuse admires the girls	singular	plural	plural	confuses	admire
objrel	The farmer the guys understand remembers the girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel	The farmer the mothers greet observes the men	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel	The father the farmers confuse approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	confuses	approve
objrel	The father the farmers stimulate engages the victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	engage
objrel	The father the friends observe understands the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel	The father the friends understand confuses the poets	singular	plural	plural	understands	confuse
objrel	The father the teachers engage greets the mothers	singular	plural	plural	engages	greet
objrel	The father the teachers inspire avoids the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	inspires	avoid
objrel	The father the uncles understand greets the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understands	greet
objrel	The father the victims understand stimulates the farmers	singular	plural	plural	understands	stimulate
objrel	The friend the doctors encourage criticizes the boys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	criticize
objrel	The friend the farmers encourage stimulates the uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourages	stimulate
objrel	The friend the farmers engage criticizes the girls	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel	The friend the kids avoid inspires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel	The friend the kids criticize confuses the guys	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	confuse
objrel	The friend the kids know approves the teachers	singular	plural	plural	knows	approve
objrel	The friend the lawyers know stimulates the boys	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel	The friend the men confuse remembers the guys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	remember
objrel	The friend the uncles engage approves the women	singular	plural	plural	engages	approve
objrel	The friend the victims discourage engages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel	The friend the women encourage approves the poets	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel	The girl the aunts criticize engages the poets	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	engage
objrel	The girl the aunts know encourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	knows	encourage
objrel	The girl the boys confuse discourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	discourage
objrel	The girl the boys encourage remembers the farmers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	remember
objrel	The girl the fathers avoid discourages the friends	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel	The girl the fathers engage greets the mothers	singular	plural	plural	engages	greet
objrel	The girl the poets understand confuses the doctors	singular	plural	plural	understands	confuse
objrel	The girl the teachers avoid knows the poets	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel	The girl the victims inspire discourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel	The guy the boys observe inspires the singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	inspire
objrel	The guy the farmers admire approves the girls	singular	plural	plural	admires	approve
objrel	The guy the farmers remember engages the victims	singular	plural	plural	remembers	engage
objrel	The guy the fathers criticize confuses the poets	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	confuse
objrel	The guy the fathers know criticizes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	knows	criticize
objrel	The guy the friends engage confuses the fathers	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel	The guy the girls approve inspires the women	singular	plural	plural	approves	inspire
objrel	The kid the athletes engage discourages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	engages	discourage
objrel	The kid the boys inspire avoids the doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspires	avoid
objrel	The kid the carpenters admire discourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	admires	discourage
objrel	The kid the carpenters confuse avoids the friends	singular	plural	plural	confuses	avoid
objrel	The kid the doctors observe discourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	observes	discourage
objrel	The kid the doctors stimulate greets the poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel	The kid the farmers criticize stimulates the athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel	The kid the farmers criticize stimulates the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel	The kid the girls greet inspires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	greets	inspire
objrel	The kid the guys inspire approves the boys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	approve
objrel	The kid the men admire understands the girls	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel	The kid the singers observe discourages the men	singular	plural	plural	observes	discourage
objrel	The kid the uncles criticize observes the guys	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	observe
objrel	The kid the uncles greet encourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	greets	encourage
objrel	The kid the women observe admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	observes	admire
objrel	The lawyer the boys confuse observes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	observe
objrel	The lawyer the doctors inspire knows the girls	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel	The lawyer the farmers inspire admires the kids	singular	plural	plural	inspires	admire
objrel	The lawyer the fathers encourage avoids the kids	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel	The lawyer the friends understand criticizes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel	The lawyer the guys know understands the aunts	singular	plural	plural	knows	understand
objrel	The lawyer the kids encourage observes the girls	singular	plural	plural	encourages	observe
objrel	The lawyer the men admire approves the kids	singular	plural	plural	admires	approve
objrel	The lawyer the mothers inspire approves the doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspires	approve
objrel	The lawyer the singers confuse inspires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel	The lawyer the teachers stimulate engages the friends	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	engage
objrel	The lawyer the uncles observe criticizes the men	singular	plural	plural	observes	criticize
objrel	The man the athletes admire remembers the doctors	singular	plural	plural	admires	remember
objrel	The man the athletes stimulate understands the guys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel	The man the farmers discourage knows the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourages	know
objrel	The man the farmers discourage observes the women	singular	plural	plural	discourages	observe
objrel	The man the fathers understand avoids the kids	singular	plural	plural	understands	avoid
objrel	The man the friends approve avoids the guys	singular	plural	plural	approves	avoid
objrel	The man the kids confuse discourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	confuses	discourage
objrel	The man the lawyers criticize inspires the guys	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel	The man the singers observe understands the teachers	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel	The man the uncles engage understands the fathers	singular	plural	plural	engages	understand
objrel	The man the uncles greet discourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel	The man the victims observe stimulates the guys	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel	The man the women encourage stimulates the farmers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	stimulate
objrel	The mother the athletes engage admires the friends	singular	plural	plural	engages	admire
objrel	The mother the aunts stimulate observes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	observe
objrel	The mother the boys confuse admires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	admire
objrel	The mother the fathers observe criticizes the friends	singular	plural	plural	observes	criticize
objrel	The mother the girls avoid remembers the athletes	singular	plural	plural	avoids	remember
objrel	The mother the kids observe engages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	observes	engage
objrel	The mother the lawyers inspire understands the guys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	understand
objrel	The mother the men approve stimulates the doctors	singular	plural	plural	approves	stimulate
objrel	The mother the uncles remember understands the boys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel	The mother the victims confuse knows the teachers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	know
objrel	The mother the women know observes the poets	singular	plural	plural	knows	observe
objrel	The poet the doctors know stimulates the farmers	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel	The poet the fathers understand discourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel	The poet the girls observe confuses the athletes	singular	plural	plural	observes	confuse
objrel	The poet the victims approve confuses the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	approves	confuse
objrel	The poet the women greet understands the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	greets	understand
objrel	The singer the boys stimulate observes the victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	observe
objrel	The singer the carpenters admire discourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	admires	discourage
objrel	The singer the friends avoid greets the girls	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel	The singer the guys understand discourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel	The singer the lawyers confuse avoids the fathers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	avoid
objrel	The singer the poets approve encourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel	The singer the poets avoid approves the men	singular	plural	plural	avoids	approve
objrel	The singer the uncles criticize confuses the fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	confuse
objrel	The singer the uncles understand inspires the men	singular	plural	plural	understands	inspire
objrel	The teacher the boys discourage admires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel	The teacher the boys observe stimulates the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel	The teacher the carpenters stimulate criticizes the fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	criticize
objrel	The teacher the farmers criticize knows the poets	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	know
objrel	The teacher the farmers remember knows the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel	The teacher the friends understand engages the men	singular	plural	plural	understands	engage
objrel	The teacher the girls stimulate avoids the singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	avoid
objrel	The teacher the guys avoid criticizes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	avoids	criticize
objrel	The teacher the kids discourage knows the victims	singular	plural	plural	discourages	know
objrel	The teacher the lawyers admire approves the aunts	singular	plural	plural	admires	approve
objrel	The uncle the boys know admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	knows	admire
objrel	The uncle the boys understand engages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	understands	engage
objrel	The uncle the carpenters know observes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	knows	observe
objrel	The uncle the farmers discourage remembers the teachers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	remember
objrel	The uncle the fathers greet approves the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greets	approve
objrel	The uncle the friends admire knows the guys	singular	plural	plural	admires	know
objrel	The uncle the friends approve confuses the kids	singular	plural	plural	approves	confuse
objrel	The uncle the girls stimulate knows the aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel	The uncle the lawyers engage admires the poets	singular	plural	plural	engages	admire
objrel	The uncle the mothers remember inspires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	inspire
objrel	The uncle the poets approve remembers the singers	singular	plural	plural	approves	remember
objrel	The uncle the singers observe remembers the athletes	singular	plural	plural	observes	remember
objrel	The victim the athletes avoid criticizes the singers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	criticize
objrel	The victim the boys observe encourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	observes	encourage
objrel	The victim the carpenters avoid understands the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	understand
objrel	The victim the doctors encourage approves the kids	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel	The victim the farmers understand observes the women	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel	The victim the girls greet stimulates the farmers	singular	plural	plural	greets	stimulate
objrel	The victim the mothers understand encourages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understands	encourage
objrel	The woman the boys understand knows the uncles	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel	The woman the farmers admire greets the fathers	singular	plural	plural	admires	greet
objrel	The woman the farmers inspire remembers the doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel	The woman the friends understand stimulates the men	singular	plural	plural	understands	stimulate
objrel	The woman the kids admire criticizes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	admires	criticize
objrel	The woman the poets discourage understands the singers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	understand
objrel	The woman the singers admire understands the fathers	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel	The woman the uncles remember avoids the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	remembers	avoid
objrel	The woman the victims inspire greets the uncles	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel	The athletes the carpenter discourages know the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourage	knows
objrel	The athletes the farmer discourages stimulate the singer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	stimulates
objrel	The athletes the girl criticizes greet the friend	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel	The athletes the girl remembers encourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remember	encourages
objrel	The athletes the guy discourages approve the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel	The athletes the guy understands encourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel	The athletes the lawyer understands discourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	understand	discourages
objrel	The athletes the man approves encourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	approve	encourages
objrel	The athletes the man criticizes observe the girl	plural	singular	singular	criticize	observes
objrel	The athletes the mother greets understand the poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel	The athletes the poet encourages confuse the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	confuses
objrel	The athletes the singer avoids encourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	encourages
objrel	The athletes the teacher understands criticize the aunt	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel	The aunts the athlete avoids understand the friend	plural	singular	singular	avoid	understands
objrel	The aunts the boy admires know the guy	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel	The aunts the father remembers understand the boy	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel	The aunts the father understands confuse the farmer	plural	singular	singular	understand	confuses
objrel	The aunts the kid admires encourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	admire	encourages
objrel	The aunts the lawyer approves discourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel	The aunts the lawyer stimulates encourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	encourages
objrel	The aunts the mother criticizes greet the kid	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel	The aunts the uncle confuses admire the woman	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel	The aunts the woman greets approve the guy	plural	singular	singular	greet	approves
objrel	The boys the athlete inspires greet the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspire	greets
objrel	The boys the aunt admires encourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	admire	encourages
objrel	The boys the carpenter remembers observe the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel	The boys the father discourages admire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel	The boys the friend approves engage the mother	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel	The boys the friend remembers inspire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	remember	inspires
objrel	The boys the girl confuses know the poet	plural	singular	singular	confuse	knows
objrel	The boys the girl criticizes understand the uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticize	understands
objrel	The boys the girl discourages remember the mother	plural	singular	singular	discourage	remembers
objrel	The boys the girl engages encourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	engage	encourages
objrel	The boys the kid avoids encourage the girl	plural	singular	singular	avoid	encourages
objrel	The boys the kid greets confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel	The boys the lawyer knows discourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	know	discourages
objrel	The boys the man approves observe the victim	plural	singular	singular	approve	observes
objrel	The boys the mother remembers discourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel	The boys the teacher greets confuse the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel	The boys the teacher understands greet the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel	The carpenters the boy admires know the athlete	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel	The carpenters the farmer greets remember the woman	plural	singular	singular	greet	remembers
objrel	The carpenters the victim criticizes inspire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticize	inspires
objrel	The doctors the athlete inspires understand the teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspire	understands
objrel	The doctors the father knows admire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	know	admires
objrel	The doctors the lawyer greets remember the farmer	plural	singular	singular	greet	remembers
objrel	The doctors the man discourages admire the friend	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel	The doctors the man engages encourage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	engage	encourages
objrel	The doctors the mother avoids encourage the girl	plural	singular	singular	avoid	encourages
objrel	The doctors the mother knows inspire the victim	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel	The doctors the singer approves confuse the victim	plural	singular	singular	approve	confuses
objrel	The farmers the aunt understands engage the singer	plural	singular	singular	understand	engages
objrel	The farmers the friend engages confuse the woman	plural	singular	singular	engage	confuses
objrel	The farmers the friend stimulates greet the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	greets
objrel	The farmers the girl stimulates avoid the aunt	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	avoids
objrel	The farmers the girl stimulates inspire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	inspires
objrel	The farmers the man greets know the teacher	plural	singular	singular	greet	knows
objrel	The farmers the uncle avoids stimulate the victim	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel	The farmers the uncle criticizes know the girl	plural	singular	singular	criticize	knows
objrel	The fathers the carpenter confuses remember the guy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	remembers
objrel	The fathers the carpenter inspires avoid the poet	plural	singular	singular	inspire	avoids
objrel	The fathers the girl stimulates avoid the victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	avoids
objrel	The fathers the kid inspires avoid the mother	plural	singular	singular	inspire	avoids
objrel	The fathers the mother engages greet the boy	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel	The fathers the mother stimulates discourage the girl	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	discourages
objrel	The fathers the singer avoids know the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	avoid	knows
objrel	The fathers the singer greets criticize the athlete	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel	The fathers the singer remembers greet the farmer	plural	singular	singular	remember	greets
objrel	The fathers the victim remembers inspire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	remember	inspires
objrel	The friends the boy understands greet the aunt	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel	The friends the doctor admires confuse the girl	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel	The friends the doctor greets approve the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greet	approves
objrel	The friends the girl engages know the victim	plural	singular	singular	engage	knows
objrel	The friends the guy admires understand the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel	The friends the kid discourages engage the woman	plural	singular	singular	discourage	engages
objrel	The friends the lawyer criticizes admire the guy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel	The friends the mother avoids criticize the teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel	The friends the teacher admires inspire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	admire	inspires
objrel	The girls the aunt admires understand the mother	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel	The girls the doctor stimulates remember the teacher	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	remembers
objrel	The girls the farmer understands discourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	understand	discourages
objrel	The girls the kid inspires remember the boy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	remembers
objrel	The girls the man understands admire the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	understand	admires
objrel	The girls the poet encourages stimulate the teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel	The girls the poet understands approve the aunt	plural	singular	singular	understand	approves
objrel	The girls the poet understands engage the victim	plural	singular	singular	understand	engages
objrel	The girls the singer encourages remember the guy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel	The girls the uncle greets remember the athlete	plural	singular	singular	greet	remembers
objrel	The girls the victim observes remember the doctor	plural	singular	singular	observe	remembers
objrel	The guys the aunt knows understand the teacher	plural	singular	singular	know	understands
objrel	The guys the aunt stimulates approve the kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	approves
objrel	The guys the boy encourages admire the woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	admires
objrel	The guys the boy greets approve the uncle	plural	singular	singular	greet	approves
objrel	The guys the doctor discourages know the boy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	knows
objrel	The guys the father avoids stimulate the aunt	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel	The guys the girl encourages avoid the teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourage	avoids
objrel	The guys the kid greets discourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	greet	discourages
objrel	The guys the poet observes confuse the friend	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel	The kids the athlete knows avoid the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	know	avoids
objrel	The kids the boy criticizes admire the woman	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel	The kids the carpenter greets encourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	greet	encourages
objrel	The kids the father engages avoid the mother	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel	The kids the guy stimulates encourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	encourages
objrel	The kids the lawyer criticizes encourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel	The kids the teacher criticizes know the girl	plural	singular	singular	criticize	knows
objrel	The kids the victim engages observe the boy	plural	singular	singular	engage	observes
objrel	The kids the woman avoids engage the boy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	engages
objrel	The lawyers the boy approves discourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel	The lawyers the boy criticizes inspire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticize	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the father knows avoid the woman	plural	singular	singular	know	avoids
objrel	The lawyers the father stimulates admire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	admires
objrel	The lawyers the father stimulates approve the doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	approves
objrel	The lawyers the friend greets encourage the man	plural	singular	singular	greet	encourages
objrel	The lawyers the girl encourages engage the victim	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel	The lawyers the man encourages greet the farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	greets
objrel	The lawyers the man observes admire the kid	plural	singular	singular	observe	admires
objrel	The lawyers the mother avoids observe the uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoid	observes
objrel	The lawyers the victim admires approve the father	plural	singular	singular	admire	approves
objrel	The lawyers the woman criticizes approve the boy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	approves
objrel	The men the carpenter discourages understand the woman	plural	singular	singular	discourage	understands
objrel	The men the carpenter knows confuse the aunt	plural	singular	singular	know	confuses
objrel	The men the farmer engages admire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	engage	admires
objrel	The men the father discourages greet the farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	greets
objrel	The men the friend confuses stimulate the mother	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel	The men the friend engages admire the poet	plural	singular	singular	engage	admires
objrel	The men the friend remembers discourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel	The men the girl admires avoid the doctor	plural	singular	singular	admire	avoids
objrel	The men the girl encourages greet the mother	plural	singular	singular	encourage	greets
objrel	The men the guy observes greet the aunt	plural	singular	singular	observe	greets
objrel	The men the poet knows inspire the friend	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel	The men the teacher approves understand the girl	plural	singular	singular	approve	understands
objrel	The men the teacher inspires engage the friend	plural	singular	singular	inspire	engages
objrel	The men the uncle discourages stimulate the boy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the athlete confuses admire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel	The mothers the athlete stimulates encourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	encourages
objrel	The mothers the boy stimulates avoid the athlete	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	avoids
objrel	The mothers the carpenter avoids inspire the girl	plural	singular	singular	avoid	inspires
objrel	The mothers the carpenter understands inspire the kid	plural	singular	singular	understand	inspires
objrel	The mothers the farmer greets admire the friend	plural	singular	singular	greet	admires
objrel	The mothers the father criticizes encourage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel	The mothers the guy greets confuse the aunt	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel	The mothers the lawyer approves stimulate the boy	plural	singular	singular	approve	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the poet remembers inspire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	remember	inspires
objrel	The mothers the victim remembers admire the boy	plural	singular	singular	remember	admires
objrel	The mothers the woman encourages avoid the guy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	avoids
objrel	The poets the carpenter encourages remember the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel	The poets the doctor greets inspire the singer	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel	The poets the father engages criticize the woman	plural	singular	singular	engage	criticizes
objrel	The poets the girl observes criticize the athlete	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel	The poets the lawyer admires greet the woman	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel	The poets the man confuses approve the girl	plural	singular	singular	confuse	approves
objrel	The poets the man knows greet the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel	The poets the mother avoids remember the father	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel	The poets the uncle approves stimulate the woman	plural	singular	singular	approve	stimulates
objrel	The singers the aunt knows remember the friend	plural	singular	singular	know	remembers
objrel	The singers the farmer avoids approve the poet	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel	The singers the farmer avoids discourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	discourages
objrel	The singers the friend observes encourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel	The singers the guy admires confuse the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel	The singers the guy confuses greet the victim	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel	The singers the kid discourages inspire the friend	plural	singular	singular	discourage	inspires
objrel	The singers the mother criticizes confuse the guy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	confuses
objrel	The singers the teacher avoids understand the aunt	plural	singular	singular	avoid	understands
objrel	The teachers the aunt inspires criticize the victim	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the doctor observes understand the girl	plural	singular	singular	observe	understands
objrel	The teachers the friend avoids criticize the aunt	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the friend greets criticize the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the girl discourages know the woman	plural	singular	singular	discourage	knows
objrel	The teachers the girl engages confuse the mother	plural	singular	singular	engage	confuses
objrel	The teachers the guy observes engage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	observe	engages
objrel	The teachers the mother admires confuse the farmer	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel	The teachers the poet stimulates confuse the man	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel	The teachers the victim knows approve the guy	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel	The teachers the woman understands encourage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel	The uncles the aunt admires know the friend	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel	The uncles the aunt encourages remember the farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel	The uncles the doctor knows encourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	know	encourages
objrel	The uncles the friend encourages avoid the athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourage	avoids
objrel	The uncles the girl engages encourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	engage	encourages
objrel	The uncles the girl engages stimulate the athlete	plural	singular	singular	engage	stimulates
objrel	The uncles the man admires understand the teacher	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel	The uncles the man confuses admire the father	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel	The uncles the man encourages remember the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel	The uncles the singer stimulates approve the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	approves
objrel	The uncles the teacher engages approve the girl	plural	singular	singular	engage	approves
objrel	The uncles the woman remembers admire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	remember	admires
objrel	The victims the aunt understands criticize the doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel	The victims the guy knows stimulate the friend	plural	singular	singular	know	stimulates
objrel	The victims the kid understands criticize the mother	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel	The victims the mother encourages approve the friend	plural	singular	singular	encourage	approves
objrel	The victims the mother knows avoid the poet	plural	singular	singular	know	avoids
objrel	The victims the uncle stimulates discourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	discourages
objrel	The women the athlete approves greet the man	plural	singular	singular	approve	greets
objrel	The women the boy discourages understand the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourage	understands
objrel	The women the boy inspires greet the kid	plural	singular	singular	inspire	greets
objrel	The women the carpenter inspires remember the farmer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	remembers
objrel	The women the father avoids know the mother	plural	singular	singular	avoid	knows
objrel	The women the friend knows greet the victim	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel	The women the lawyer knows admire the friend	plural	singular	singular	know	admires
objrel	The women the uncle avoids inspire the kid	plural	singular	singular	avoid	inspires
objrel	The athletes the carpenter engages inspire the girls	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel	The athletes the friend engages confuse the guys	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel	The athletes the girl avoids observe the guys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel	The athletes the mother knows encourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	know	encourages
objrel	The athletes the singer confuses encourage the women	plural	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objrel	The aunts the boy approves discourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel	The aunts the doctor inspires encourage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objrel	The aunts the farmer observes encourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objrel	The aunts the farmer understands observe the uncles	plural	singular	plural	understand	observes
objrel	The aunts the father discourages admire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel	The aunts the friend understands discourage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objrel	The aunts the guy remembers criticize the fathers	plural	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objrel	The aunts the kid understands admire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	understand	admires
objrel	The aunts the man remembers encourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objrel	The aunts the singer knows discourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	know	discourages
objrel	The aunts the teacher encourages admire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel	The aunts the victim remembers stimulate the kids	plural	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objrel	The boys the girl approves avoid the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objrel	The boys the guy engages approve the farmers	plural	singular	plural	engage	approves
objrel	The boys the kid observes inspire the women	plural	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objrel	The boys the kid remembers know the farmers	plural	singular	plural	remember	knows
objrel	The boys the singer avoids remember the men	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel	The boys the uncle encourages criticize the men	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel	The boys the victim admires understand the women	plural	singular	plural	admire	understands
objrel	The boys the woman encourages know the victims	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel	The carpenters the boy knows criticize the women	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel	The carpenters the boy stimulates understand the uncles	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objrel	The carpenters the doctor engages greet the men	plural	singular	plural	engage	greets
objrel	The carpenters the farmer discourages approve the mothers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel	The carpenters the friend avoids understand the guys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	understands
objrel	The carpenters the girl engages confuse the friends	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel	The carpenters the girl observes stimulate the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objrel	The carpenters the kid knows avoid the aunts	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel	The carpenters the man stimulates greet the mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objrel	The carpenters the mother admires avoid the athletes	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel	The carpenters the singer approves confuse the victims	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel	The carpenters the singer engages greet the doctors	plural	singular	plural	engage	greets
objrel	The carpenters the teacher understands inspire the singers	plural	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objrel	The carpenters the uncle knows avoid the teachers	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel	The carpenters the uncle knows discourage the women	plural	singular	plural	know	discourages
objrel	The carpenters the victim greets criticize the poets	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel	The carpenters the victim observes confuse the doctors	plural	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objrel	The doctors the athlete approves engage the singers	plural	singular	plural	approve	engages
objrel	The doctors the athlete stimulates remember the poets	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objrel	The doctors the aunt approves understand the farmers	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel	The doctors the aunt understands greet the friends	plural	singular	plural	understand	greets
objrel	The doctors the girl criticizes approve the men	plural	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objrel	The doctors the girl understands encourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objrel	The doctors the lawyer admires criticize the victims	plural	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objrel	The doctors the man knows confuse the athletes	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel	The doctors the teacher understands inspire the mothers	plural	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objrel	The farmers the athlete admires approve the fathers	plural	singular	plural	admire	approves
objrel	The farmers the boy avoids criticize the doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the boy remembers greet the girls	plural	singular	plural	remember	greets
objrel	The farmers the girl inspires approve the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel	The farmers the guy discourages admire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel	The farmers the guy observes greet the friends	plural	singular	plural	observe	greets
objrel	The farmers the mother admires observe the poets	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel	The farmers the mother greets remember the athletes	plural	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objrel	The farmers the singer observes discourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objrel	The farmers the teacher approves discourage the friends	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel	The farmers the uncle avoids greet the girls	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel	The farmers the woman remembers criticize the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objrel	The fathers the friend observes discourage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objrel	The fathers the kid encourages criticize the singers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel	The fathers the lawyer encourages understand the men	plural	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objrel	The fathers the mother observes understand the farmers	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel	The fathers the poet approves greet the athletes	plural	singular	plural	approve	greets
objrel	The fathers the singer discourages avoid the mothers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel	The fathers the victim approves engage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	approve	engages
objrel	The fathers the victim knows discourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	know	discourages
objrel	The fathers the woman observes admire the boys	plural	singular	plural	observe	admires
objrel	The friends the aunt knows observe the victims	plural	singular	plural	know	observes
objrel	The friends the boy admires remember the fathers	plural	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objrel	The friends the father understands observe the uncles	plural	singular	plural	understand	observes
objrel	The friends the guy encourages approve the farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel	The friends the guy stimulates confuse the kids	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objrel	The friends the kid remembers admire the victims	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel	The friends the man criticizes discourage the kids	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel	The friends the mother criticizes observe the athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticize	observes
objrel	The girls the carpenter avoids remember the women	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel	The girls the doctor inspires encourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objrel	The girls the guy remembers encourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objrel	The girls the mother engages discourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objrel	The girls the mother inspires discourage the kids	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel	The girls the mother observes discourage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objrel	The girls the mother remembers engage the men	plural	singular	plural	remember	engages
objrel	The girls the poet confuses encourage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objrel	The guys the athlete knows approve the uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	approves
objrel	The guys the aunt admires approve the friends	plural	singular	plural	admire	approves
objrel	The guys the farmer admires discourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objrel	The guys the farmer criticizes remember the singers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objrel	The guys the kid avoids observe the farmers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel	The guys the man remembers engage the victims	plural	singular	plural	remember	engages
objrel	The guys the woman avoids greet the fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel	The kids the doctor observes know the singers	plural	singular	plural	observe	knows
objrel	The kids the father admires engage the girls	plural	singular	plural	admire	engages
objrel	The kids the father greets remember the aunts	plural	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objrel	The kids the friend approves greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	approve	greets
objrel	The kids the poet discourages avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel	The kids the uncle admires criticize the farmers	plural	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objrel	The kids the uncle confuses know the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objrel	The kids the uncle stimulates engage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objrel	The kids the woman discourages know the guys	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel	The lawyers the athlete observes encourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objrel	The lawyers the aunt confuses greet the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel	The lawyers the farmer remembers approve the uncles	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel	The lawyers the girl inspires discourage the friends	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel	The lawyers the guy encourages avoid the girls	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel	The lawyers the guy knows admire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	admires
objrel	The lawyers the guy knows criticize the boys	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel	The lawyers the guy stimulates discourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel	The lawyers the man approves engage the singers	plural	singular	plural	approve	engages
objrel	The lawyers the man approves remember the fathers	plural	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objrel	The lawyers the man confuses approve the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objrel	The lawyers the man encourages greet the singers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel	The lawyers the mother admires observe the friends	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel	The lawyers the poet discourages avoid the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel	The lawyers the singer admires discourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objrel	The lawyers the uncle admires criticize the mothers	plural	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objrel	The lawyers the victim criticizes know the teachers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel	The lawyers the woman engages inspire the singers	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the woman knows criticize the fathers	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel	The men the boy encourages approve the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel	The men the carpenter knows remember the victims	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel	The men the father confuses observe the mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel	The men the friend admires engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	admire	engages
objrel	The men the girl discourages admire the kids	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel	The men the guy criticizes avoid the uncles	plural	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objrel	The men the singer engages criticize the teachers	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel	The men the uncle admires know the fathers	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel	The men the uncle avoids confuse the singers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel	The mothers the aunt criticizes admire the victims	plural	singular	plural	criticize	admires
objrel	The mothers the carpenter admires confuse the uncles	plural	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objrel	The mothers the doctor inspires observe the victims	plural	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objrel	The mothers the father stimulates criticize the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objrel	The mothers the friend approves inspire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objrel	The mothers the girl confuses discourage the men	plural	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objrel	The mothers the guy encourages criticize the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel	The mothers the kid encourages understand the poets	plural	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objrel	The mothers the lawyer remembers stimulate the fathers	plural	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the victim confuses greet the kids	plural	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objrel	The mothers the victim encourages approve the girls	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel	The poets the athlete remembers stimulate the mothers	plural	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objrel	The poets the aunt confuses admire the women	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel	The poets the aunt confuses understand the victims	plural	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objrel	The poets the carpenter criticizes admire the girls	plural	singular	plural	criticize	admires
objrel	The poets the carpenter stimulates approve the guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel	The poets the father greets criticize the singers	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel	The poets the father stimulates greet the victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objrel	The poets the friend observes understand the uncles	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel	The poets the girl confuses admire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel	The poets the kid observes confuse the girls	plural	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objrel	The poets the kid understands stimulate the girls	plural	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objrel	The poets the mother inspires approve the athletes	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel	The poets the mother knows avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel	The poets the teacher approves avoid the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objrel	The poets the victim encourages engage the kids	plural	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objrel	The poets the woman admires avoid the singers	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel	The singers the carpenter discourages observe the guys	plural	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objrel	The singers the carpenter inspires discourage the guys	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel	The singers the doctor greets observe the guys	plural	singular	plural	greet	observes
objrel	The singers the farmer avoids greet the poets	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel	The singers the farmer knows observe the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	know	observes
objrel	The singers the guy inspires greet the aunts	plural	singular	plural	inspire	greets
objrel	The singers the kid inspires approve the women	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel	The singers the kid understands know the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	knows
objrel	The singers the man observes encourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objrel	The singers the teacher observes understand the women	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel	The singers the woman admires inspire the poets	plural	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objrel	The singers the woman knows understand the friends	plural	singular	plural	know	understands
objrel	The singers the woman stimulates observe the aunts	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel	The teachers the boy observes encourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objrel	The teachers the carpenter discourages confuse the uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objrel	The teachers the father inspires discourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel	The teachers the friend avoids stimulate the poets	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel	The teachers the victim avoids remember the poets	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel	The teachers the woman encourages confuse the farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objrel	The uncles the aunt encourages criticize the athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel	The uncles the boy encourages admire the guys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel	The uncles the doctor encourages remember the guys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel	The uncles the guy criticizes confuse the doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objrel	The uncles the kid confuses know the singers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objrel	The uncles the kid stimulates approve the mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel	The uncles the mother confuses remember the kids	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel	The uncles the teacher inspires know the doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspire	knows
objrel	The uncles the victim greets inspire the men	plural	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objrel	The victims the aunt discourages encourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel	The victims the boy avoids criticize the poets	plural	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objrel	The victims the boy engages avoid the doctors	plural	singular	plural	engage	avoids
objrel	The victims the boy remembers stimulate the guys	plural	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objrel	The victims the father approves discourage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel	The victims the friend discourages inspire the singers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objrel	The victims the lawyer understands engage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	understand	engages
objrel	The women the aunt admires inspire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	admire	inspires
objrel	The women the aunt observes avoid the mothers	plural	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objrel	The women the carpenter encourages engage the singers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objrel	The women the doctor criticizes encourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objrel	The women the doctor inspires engage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objrel	The women the mother remembers admire the girls	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel	The athletes the aunts discourage know the victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
objrel	The athletes the farmers criticize encourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel	The athletes the girls encourage confuse the kid	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
objrel	The athletes the lawyers greet discourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
objrel	The athletes the lawyers inspire encourage the guy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
objrel	The athletes the lawyers remember confuse the mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
objrel	The athletes the mothers inspire engage the man	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
objrel	The athletes the singers avoid inspire the man	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
objrel	The athletes the teachers confuse know the poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel	The athletes the women criticize know the boy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel	The aunts the carpenters greet admire the friend	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
objrel	The aunts the carpenters greet encourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
objrel	The aunts the doctors admire greet the teacher	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel	The aunts the farmers criticize greet the guy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
objrel	The aunts the girls encourage confuse the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
objrel	The aunts the lawyers confuse encourage the man	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
objrel	The aunts the lawyers understand observe the athlete	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
objrel	The aunts the mothers encourage inspire the man	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel	The aunts the poets approve confuse the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel	The aunts the poets engage observe the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel	The aunts the uncles understand engage the kid	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
objrel	The boys the aunts avoid approve the farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approves
objrel	The boys the aunts confuse know the girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel	The boys the doctors confuse greet the singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel	The boys the farmers admire discourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
objrel	The boys the farmers encourage stimulate the kid	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
objrel	The boys the friends confuse avoid the guy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
objrel	The boys the girls stimulate observe the mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
objrel	The boys the lawyers confuse stimulate the teacher	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel	The boys the lawyers observe remember the teacher	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
objrel	The boys the men confuse avoid the doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
objrel	The boys the men understand admire the athlete	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel	The boys the singers know confuse the kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel	The boys the teachers avoid criticize the farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel	The carpenters the athletes admire stimulate the farmer	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
objrel	The carpenters the farmers confuse approve the teacher	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
objrel	The carpenters the fathers approve criticize the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
objrel	The carpenters the guys remember confuse the poet	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
objrel	The carpenters the kids encourage confuse the aunt	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
objrel	The carpenters the men greet admire the girl	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
objrel	The carpenters the women remember greet the aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
objrel	The doctors the aunts remember discourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel	The doctors the boys stimulate remember the farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel	The doctors the carpenters understand admire the father	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel	The doctors the fathers understand admire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel	The doctors the girls stimulate avoid the mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
objrel	The doctors the guys inspire admire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admires
objrel	The doctors the guys inspire understand the singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
objrel	The doctors the kids encourage stimulate the friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the men stimulate criticize the poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
objrel	The doctors the mothers avoid confuse the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
objrel	The doctors the poets discourage stimulate the guy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the singers approve remember the kid	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
objrel	The doctors the victims engage observe the guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel	The doctors the women discourage engage the boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
objrel	The farmers the athletes approve greet the boy	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
objrel	The farmers the aunts inspire remember the friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel	The farmers the aunts inspire stimulate the boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
objrel	The farmers the girls discourage know the singer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
objrel	The farmers the kids engage observe the athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel	The farmers the men criticize stimulate the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
objrel	The farmers the men engage remember the poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
objrel	The farmers the poets encourage greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel	The fathers the athletes observe understand the guy	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
objrel	The fathers the aunts criticize engage the victim	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel	The fathers the aunts inspire understand the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
objrel	The fathers the guys discourage criticize the teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
objrel	The fathers the mothers discourage greet the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
objrel	The fathers the teachers criticize avoid the victim	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
objrel	The friends the farmers engage know the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel	The friends the guys admire avoid the girl	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
objrel	The friends the lawyers admire engage the woman	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
objrel	The friends the men stimulate approve the teacher	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
objrel	The friends the mothers stimulate criticize the doctor	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
objrel	The friends the poets criticize remember the mother	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
objrel	The friends the singers confuse understand the girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
objrel	The friends the teachers discourage encourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
objrel	The friends the teachers observe approve the athlete	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
objrel	The girls the athletes criticize stimulate the singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
objrel	The girls the athletes discourage know the farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
objrel	The girls the athletes inspire encourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
objrel	The girls the athletes inspire engage the woman	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
objrel	The girls the aunts criticize greet the singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
objrel	The girls the aunts greet encourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
objrel	The girls the boys stimulate inspire the farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel	The girls the doctors approve confuse the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel	The girls the doctors discourage understand the aunt	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
objrel	The girls the doctors understand admire the father	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel	The girls the farmers confuse inspire the mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel	The girls the mothers criticize know the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel	The girls the uncles know admire the guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel	The girls the women discourage stimulate the athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel	The guys the boys observe admire the friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
objrel	The guys the friends understand confuse the teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
objrel	The guys the kids discourage inspire the girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
objrel	The guys the kids inspire avoid the father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel	The guys the men approve encourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
objrel	The guys the men stimulate understand the girl	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
objrel	The guys the poets avoid stimulate the mother	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel	The guys the teachers criticize admire the victim	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
objrel	The kids the aunts discourage encourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
objrel	The kids the doctors avoid understand the friend	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
objrel	The kids the lawyers understand greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
objrel	The kids the singers encourage stimulate the mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
objrel	The kids the teachers know criticize the aunt	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel	The kids the women understand engage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
objrel	The lawyers the boys avoid criticize the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel	The lawyers the carpenters avoid understand the girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
objrel	The lawyers the doctors approve engage the girl	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
objrel	The lawyers the doctors remember inspire the kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the farmers greet approve the aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel	The lawyers the friends encourage admire the singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel	The lawyers the friends know encourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel	The lawyers the guys know encourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel	The lawyers the singers inspire admire the man	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admires
objrel	The lawyers the singers understand inspire the woman	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the teachers know engage the kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
objrel	The lawyers the victims greet criticize the aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
objrel	The men the aunts engage approve the friend	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
objrel	The men the aunts engage inspire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
objrel	The men the fathers avoid inspire the farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
objrel	The men the guys admire know the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
objrel	The men the guys approve stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
objrel	The men the lawyers stimulate greet the farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel	The men the mothers remember stimulate the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
objrel	The men the poets understand know the teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel	The men the teachers observe greet the victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel	The men the victims criticize confuse the woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
objrel	The men the women admire greet the athlete	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel	The men the women greet remember the teacher	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel	The mothers the fathers discourage remember the man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
objrel	The mothers the fathers know observe the singer	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
objrel	The mothers the friends observe stimulate the athlete	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel	The mothers the kids know greet the athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
objrel	The mothers the men criticize admire the woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
objrel	The mothers the poets criticize discourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel	The mothers the singers criticize engage the victim	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel	The mothers the uncles inspire understand the singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
objrel	The mothers the women encourage criticize the doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
objrel	The poets the athletes admire criticize the aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
objrel	The poets the athletes confuse avoid the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
objrel	The poets the athletes confuse observe the woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
objrel	The poets the athletes inspire greet the kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
objrel	The poets the aunts avoid discourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
objrel	The poets the carpenters know remember the uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel	The poets the doctors stimulate observe the teacher	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
objrel	The poets the farmers understand approve the girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
objrel	The poets the friends encourage observe the teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
objrel	The poets the friends observe discourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
objrel	The poets the friends stimulate inspire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel	The poets the kids criticize engage the boy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel	The poets the lawyers approve admire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel	The poets the lawyers inspire know the kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel	The poets the singers encourage know the teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel	The poets the uncles know greet the kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
objrel	The poets the victims observe inspire the friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
objrel	The poets the women inspire remember the aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel	The poets the women observe discourage the father	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
objrel	The singers the athletes observe admire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
objrel	The singers the boys inspire admire the girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admires
objrel	The singers the doctors encourage greet the boy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
objrel	The singers the fathers stimulate avoid the mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
objrel	The singers the friends remember criticize the victim	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticizes
objrel	The singers the guys observe know the doctor	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
objrel	The singers the kids observe understand the father	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
objrel	The singers the women criticize approve the girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
objrel	The teachers the doctors confuse inspire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel	The teachers the farmers admire greet the friend	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel	The teachers the fathers encourage admire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel	The teachers the friends approve confuse the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel	The teachers the guys approve encourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
objrel	The teachers the mothers avoid engage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
objrel	The teachers the mothers greet approve the singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel	The teachers the singers encourage discourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
objrel	The teachers the victims engage criticize the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the women admire know the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
objrel	The teachers the women confuse remember the farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel	The uncles the doctors discourage confuse the aunt	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
objrel	The uncles the fathers stimulate encourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
objrel	The uncles the girls observe encourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
objrel	The uncles the men understand stimulate the teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel	The uncles the mothers criticize encourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel	The uncles the teachers admire inspire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
objrel	The victims the athletes greet know the kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
objrel	The victims the carpenters discourage remember the boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
objrel	The victims the doctors engage know the uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel	The victims the doctors observe encourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
objrel	The victims the friends observe stimulate the aunt	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel	The victims the kids greet confuse the athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel	The victims the men stimulate admire the boy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel	The victims the mothers inspire admire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admires
objrel	The victims the uncles engage avoid the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel	The women the aunts criticize admire the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
objrel	The women the carpenters confuse stimulate the boy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel	The women the girls confuse observe the boy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
objrel	The women the girls understand avoid the guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel	The women the kids discourage approve the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel	The women the poets stimulate remember the boy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel	The women the uncles engage encourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel	The women the victims inspire remember the doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel	The athletes the carpenters discourage remember the teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel	The athletes the farmers admire discourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objrel	The athletes the mothers observe avoid the girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel	The athletes the poets admire understand the uncles	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objrel	The athletes the singers admire confuse the boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objrel	The athletes the teachers inspire know the women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel	The athletes the teachers remember observe the kids	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objrel	The athletes the victims know stimulate the doctors	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel	The athletes the women stimulate criticize the men	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel	The aunts the carpenters encourage greet the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objrel	The aunts the carpenters stimulate confuse the farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objrel	The aunts the fathers inspire understand the boys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objrel	The aunts the girls criticize understand the boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objrel	The aunts the guys approve criticize the doctors	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel	The aunts the kids stimulate encourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objrel	The aunts the men greet engage the women	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objrel	The aunts the mothers avoid observe the athletes	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objrel	The aunts the teachers engage encourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objrel	The aunts the teachers inspire observe the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel	The aunts the teachers observe engage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel	The boys the aunts inspire engage the victims	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objrel	The boys the doctors discourage approve the guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel	The boys the friends know understand the poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objrel	The boys the guys admire observe the teachers	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objrel	The boys the kids avoid know the teachers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objrel	The boys the kids engage observe the athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objrel	The boys the men confuse inspire the guys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel	The boys the men remember inspire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel	The boys the mothers discourage criticize the teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objrel	The boys the mothers discourage engage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel	The boys the poets avoid discourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objrel	The boys the uncles avoid inspire the guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objrel	The carpenters the aunts confuse remember the singers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objrel	The carpenters the friends admire remember the athletes	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objrel	The carpenters the kids admire approve the poets	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objrel	The carpenters the singers understand stimulate the aunts	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objrel	The carpenters the teachers admire approve the victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objrel	The carpenters the teachers criticize greet the poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel	The carpenters the uncles inspire observe the victims	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel	The carpenters the victims greet avoid the kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objrel	The carpenters the victims remember approve the doctors	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel	The carpenters the women criticize inspire the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel	The doctors the athletes know stimulate the women	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel	The doctors the aunts avoid understand the mothers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel	The doctors the farmers know remember the poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objrel	The doctors the girls greet observe the friends	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel	The doctors the guys criticize inspire the women	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel	The doctors the guys greet remember the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objrel	The doctors the guys know approve the teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objrel	The doctors the guys remember approve the fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel	The doctors the mothers admire encourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel	The doctors the mothers criticize approve the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objrel	The doctors the mothers discourage engage the singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel	The doctors the mothers understand confuse the guys	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objrel	The doctors the poets avoid inspire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objrel	The doctors the teachers understand avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel	The doctors the victims understand greet the kids	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objrel	The doctors the women know criticize the mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the aunts discourage observe the doctors	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objrel	The farmers the boys admire greet the women	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objrel	The farmers the boys know engage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objrel	The farmers the carpenters criticize greet the teachers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel	The farmers the carpenters know discourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objrel	The farmers the carpenters remember stimulate the guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel	The farmers the friends engage greet the victims	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objrel	The farmers the guys understand admire the singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objrel	The farmers the kids know inspire the poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel	The farmers the mothers admire confuse the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objrel	The farmers the poets know confuse the mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel	The farmers the poets stimulate observe the aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objrel	The farmers the singers remember discourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel	The farmers the uncles criticize avoid the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel	The farmers the uncles inspire encourage the boys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objrel	The farmers the victims engage criticize the friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objrel	The farmers the victims engage observe the fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objrel	The fathers the doctors approve greet the men	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel	The fathers the men encourage approve the teachers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel	The fathers the men remember stimulate the guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel	The fathers the mothers admire greet the girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objrel	The fathers the victims encourage observe the men	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel	The friends the athletes avoid criticize the kids	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objrel	The friends the athletes engage observe the guys	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objrel	The friends the boys discourage approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel	The friends the doctors stimulate understand the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objrel	The friends the guys avoid stimulate the doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objrel	The friends the guys remember observe the teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objrel	The friends the mothers admire encourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel	The friends the poets stimulate greet the victims	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objrel	The friends the uncles confuse understand the victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel	The girls the carpenters observe remember the singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objrel	The girls the farmers admire stimulate the fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel	The girls the fathers understand discourage the men	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objrel	The girls the friends approve discourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel	The girls the friends discourage know the farmers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objrel	The girls the poets remember know the farmers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objrel	The girls the victims confuse understand the friends	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel	The girls the victims engage confuse the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel	The guys the athletes confuse criticize the men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objrel	The guys the aunts approve understand the women	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objrel	The guys the aunts avoid criticize the teachers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objrel	The guys the lawyers remember observe the teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
objrel	The guys the men inspire observe the victims	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel	The guys the singers observe know the poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objrel	The guys the women remember admire the victims	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel	The kids the athletes admire stimulate the teachers	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel	The kids the farmers admire stimulate the poets	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel	The kids the farmers inspire engage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objrel	The kids the fathers criticize avoid the girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel	The kids the lawyers engage avoid the teachers	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
objrel	The kids the singers discourage engage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel	The kids the victims inspire observe the uncles	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel	The kids the women encourage admire the singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objrel	The lawyers the girls observe greet the boys	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objrel	The lawyers the guys discourage criticize the teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
objrel	The lawyers the guys stimulate observe the boys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objrel	The lawyers the men know greet the victims	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objrel	The lawyers the mothers admire engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objrel	The lawyers the mothers understand remember the girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objrel	The lawyers the poets approve inspire the boys	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
objrel	The lawyers the poets criticize observe the girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objrel	The lawyers the singers encourage engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objrel	The lawyers the teachers approve avoid the uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objrel	The lawyers the women encourage criticize the poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objrel	The lawyers the women encourage understand the poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel	The men the athletes encourage confuse the friends	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objrel	The men the athletes stimulate remember the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel	The men the aunts engage admire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objrel	The men the fathers encourage greet the singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objrel	The men the friends avoid approve the guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objrel	The men the mothers inspire know the athletes	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel	The men the mothers understand observe the singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel	The mothers the athletes observe engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel	The mothers the aunts greet avoid the men	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objrel	The mothers the farmers criticize observe the fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objrel	The mothers the fathers know approve the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objrel	The mothers the men approve encourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objrel	The mothers the teachers engage confuse the men	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel	The mothers the victims greet discourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objrel	The mothers the victims know engage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objrel	The mothers the victims observe engage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel	The poets the aunts avoid discourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objrel	The poets the farmers discourage confuse the uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objrel	The poets the fathers know observe the uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objrel	The poets the friends inspire admire the girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objrel	The poets the guys remember greet the victims	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
objrel	The poets the men engage criticize the friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objrel	The poets the men greet encourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objrel	The poets the men inspire stimulate the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel	The poets the mothers encourage observe the women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel	The poets the teachers inspire confuse the girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel	The poets the uncles engage criticize the aunts	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objrel	The poets the women inspire avoid the doctors	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objrel	The poets the women understand admire the farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objrel	The singers the boys admire remember the girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objrel	The singers the friends confuse inspire the girls	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel	The singers the girls confuse encourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objrel	The singers the girls confuse inspire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel	The singers the girls greet stimulate the victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objrel	The singers the kids understand stimulate the poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objrel	The singers the men encourage understand the doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel	The singers the men greet discourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objrel	The singers the mothers observe avoid the women	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel	The singers the mothers remember encourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objrel	The singers the poets engage greet the kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objrel	The singers the teachers confuse criticize the doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objrel	The singers the uncles criticize inspire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel	The singers the uncles remember understand the fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objrel	The teachers the aunts greet inspire the women	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objrel	The teachers the doctors greet admire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel	The teachers the friends inspire observe the mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel	The teachers the girls encourage greet the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objrel	The teachers the guys criticize greet the athletes	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel	The teachers the poets understand discourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objrel	The teachers the uncles inspire observe the kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel	The teachers the victims inspire criticize the singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objrel	The teachers the women admire encourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel	The uncles the guys greet admire the men	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel	The uncles the lawyers inspire stimulate the teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel	The uncles the poets discourage avoid the singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel	The uncles the women understand know the athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objrel	The victims the boys stimulate discourage the women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objrel	The victims the friends encourage stimulate the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
objrel	The victims the girls confuse understand the uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel	The victims the lawyers discourage avoid the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel	The victims the lawyers observe know the uncles	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objrel	The victims the men admire criticize the poets	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objrel	The victims the mothers admire remember the fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objrel	The victims the poets inspire criticize the farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objrel	The victims the singers avoid engage the boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel	The victims the singers engage stimulate the athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel	The women the boys avoid understand the fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel	The women the farmers approve understand the men	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objrel	The women the friends confuse avoid the boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objrel	The women the friends engage know the boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objrel	The women the friends stimulate understand the mothers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objrel	The women the girls discourage greet the mothers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objrel	The women the guys remember criticize the aunts	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objrel	The women the men encourage approve the victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel	The women the singers discourage stimulate the victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel	The women the victims discourage avoid the uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel_that	The athlete that the aunt approves discourages the father	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the friend confuses admires the kid	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objrel_that	The athlete that the lawyer admires inspires the teacher	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objrel_that	The athlete that the lawyer understands remembers the boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objrel_that	The athlete that the man criticizes admires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objrel_that	The aunt that the carpenter avoids greets the athlete	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objrel_that	The aunt that the carpenter inspires remembers the athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel_that	The aunt that the doctor criticizes avoids the woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the kid engages knows the woman	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objrel_that	The aunt that the lawyer inspires discourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the man admires remembers the girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objrel_that	The aunt that the poet admires understands the athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objrel_that	The aunt that the teacher admires confuses the guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objrel_that	The aunt that the teacher greets engages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the aunt remembers knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objrel_that	The boy that the friend avoids knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objrel_that	The boy that the lawyer avoids discourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objrel_that	The boy that the lawyer criticizes remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objrel_that	The boy that the lawyer inspires knows the athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objrel_that	The boy that the woman criticizes remembers the poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objrel_that	The carpenter that the doctor admires stimulates the athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objrel_that	The carpenter that the doctor encourages confuses the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
objrel_that	The carpenter that the farmer admires inspires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the friend admires greets the man	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel_that	The carpenter that the guy approves discourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the lawyer criticizes confuses the kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_that	The carpenter that the singer encourages inspires the girl	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the singer observes remembers the father	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objrel_that	The carpenter that the teacher remembers confuses the aunt	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objrel_that	The carpenter that the victim knows admires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the aunt knows inspires the father	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objrel_that	The doctor that the farmer encourages criticizes the girl	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel_that	The doctor that the father criticizes encourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the father discourages understands the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objrel_that	The doctor that the friend criticizes remembers the farmer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
objrel_that	The doctor that the girl remembers engages the father	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objrel_that	The doctor that the man greets stimulates the athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objrel_that	The doctor that the singer inspires observes the girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objrel_that	The doctor that the uncle engages observes the singer	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel_that	The farmer that the doctor approves stimulates the victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel_that	The farmer that the doctor observes stimulates the mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objrel_that	The farmer that the kid approves observes the woman	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objrel_that	The farmer that the man understands confuses the guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objrel_that	The farmer that the singer remembers criticizes the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objrel_that	The farmer that the singer stimulates encourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the uncle inspires greets the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objrel_that	The farmer that the woman criticizes encourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the woman stimulates discourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the athlete admires confuses the friend	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the athlete remembers stimulates the teacher	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the boy approves confuses the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the boy approves confuses the man	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the boy discourages inspires the victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the boy encourages greets the teacher	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel_that	The father that the doctor understands avoids the singer	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objrel_that	The father that the teacher confuses approves the doctor	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objrel_that	The father that the teacher stimulates remembers the boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objrel_that	The father that the teacher understands observes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objrel_that	The father that the uncle engages observes the poet	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel_that	The friend that the boy discourages observes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel_that	The friend that the boy knows remembers the athlete	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objrel_that	The friend that the carpenter inspires approves the uncle	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objrel_that	The friend that the lawyer discourages greets the father	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the lawyer understands encourages the woman	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the singer understands confuses the aunt	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objrel_that	The friend that the teacher approves encourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the victim admires criticizes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the woman engages inspires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the athlete approves engages the guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objrel_that	The girl that the farmer observes understands the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objrel_that	The girl that the father understands confuses the man	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objrel_that	The girl that the friend admires observes the poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objrel_that	The girl that the friend knows observes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel_that	The girl that the guy engages inspires the teacher	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the man confuses inspires the mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the uncle admires stimulates the friend	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the uncle criticizes knows the guy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objrel_that	The girl that the victim remembers encourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the athlete criticizes discourages the girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
objrel_that	The guy that the athlete understands approves the victim	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel_that	The guy that the boy observes inspires the woman	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objrel_that	The guy that the carpenter confuses avoids the victim	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objrel_that	The guy that the carpenter confuses inspires the girl	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objrel_that	The guy that the friend criticizes confuses the aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_that	The guy that the girl encourages admires the singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel_that	The guy that the girl observes greets the victim	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
objrel_that	The guy that the kid observes inspires the father	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objrel_that	The guy that the man inspires remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel_that	The guy that the mother understands engages the woman	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel_that	The guy that the poet greets confuses the athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objrel_that	The guy that the poet observes encourages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the woman encourages engages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objrel_that	The kid that the aunt admires criticizes the singer	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objrel_that	The kid that the aunt discourages knows the singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objrel_that	The kid that the boy confuses understands the victim	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
objrel_that	The kid that the boy encourages admires the poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel_that	The kid that the carpenter engages encourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objrel_that	The kid that the carpenter inspires observes the woman	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objrel_that	The kid that the carpenter remembers inspires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objrel_that	The kid that the girl criticizes knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objrel_that	The kid that the singer admires encourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objrel_that	The kid that the teacher approves engages the man	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objrel_that	The kid that the teacher greets knows the boy	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the athlete avoids encourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the doctor understands discourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the guy discourages observes the friend	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the man avoids stimulates the victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objrel_that	The lawyer that the man confuses stimulates the teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that	The man that the carpenter inspires approves the teacher	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objrel_that	The man that the doctor avoids understands the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objrel_that	The man that the farmer knows engages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objrel_that	The man that the friend criticizes engages the boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objrel_that	The man that the kid stimulates confuses the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that	The man that the kid stimulates observes the mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objrel_that	The man that the singer encourages criticizes the woman	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel_that	The man that the teacher understands encourages the singer	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel_that	The man that the woman observes engages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the athlete inspires criticizes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objrel_that	The mother that the farmer avoids understands the singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objrel_that	The mother that the kid criticizes confuses the athlete	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_that	The mother that the lawyer avoids engages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the poet understands engages the doctor	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the singer criticizes understands the athlete	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel_that	The mother that the teacher encourages approves the girl	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objrel_that	The mother that the teacher inspires encourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objrel_that	The mother that the uncle criticizes understands the girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel_that	The poet that the athlete approves greets the man	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objrel_that	The poet that the friend remembers observes the guy	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
objrel_that	The poet that the friend remembers stimulates the father	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel_that	The poet that the guy discourages criticizes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objrel_that	The poet that the guy remembers discourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objrel_that	The poet that the kid encourages understands the girl	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objrel_that	The poet that the lawyer knows inspires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
objrel_that	The poet that the mother encourages engages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objrel_that	The poet that the singer encourages knows the farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel_that	The poet that the singer greets discourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objrel_that	The poet that the singer remembers inspires the teacher	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objrel_that	The poet that the teacher confuses encourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the uncle discourages admires the kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel_that	The poet that the victim encourages confuses the singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the victim remembers inspires the singer	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objrel_that	The poet that the woman engages observes the guy	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel_that	The singer that the aunt engages understands the girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objrel_that	The singer that the boy encourages confuses the victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
objrel_that	The singer that the friend encourages avoids the teacher	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objrel_that	The singer that the friend remembers knows the man	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objrel_that	The singer that the guy stimulates approves the mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objrel_that	The singer that the kid inspires discourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objrel_that	The singer that the man confuses greets the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objrel_that	The singer that the teacher criticizes avoids the kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objrel_that	The singer that the victim greets discourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objrel_that	The singer that the victim understands greets the girl	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel_that	The teacher that the athlete admires inspires the kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objrel_that	The teacher that the boy confuses discourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the boy discourages engages the poet	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctor criticizes greets the girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel_that	The teacher that the guy encourages observes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel_that	The teacher that the guy inspires greets the aunt	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objrel_that	The teacher that the guy observes discourages the woman	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the mother remembers stimulates the boy	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel_that	The teacher that the victim avoids inspires the father	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The uncle that the athlete inspires observes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunt approves understands the athlete	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objrel_that	The uncle that the farmer confuses greets the victim	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objrel_that	The uncle that the father criticizes encourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the father greets observes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objrel_that	The uncle that the father inspires understands the girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objrel_that	The uncle that the friend approves avoids the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objrel_that	The uncle that the friend discourages admires the victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel_that	The uncle that the friend encourages engages the girl	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objrel_that	The uncle that the girl approves avoids the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objrel_that	The uncle that the girl encourages stimulates the farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the lawyer discourages stimulates the guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the man criticizes observes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
objrel_that	The uncle that the man observes encourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the singer discourages inspires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
objrel_that	The uncle that the teacher confuses encourages the man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the teacher discourages stimulates the victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the aunt greets remembers the father	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel_that	The victim that the boy understands stimulates the father	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the carpenter confuses stimulates the boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the carpenter understands engages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel_that	The victim that the doctor observes approves the friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objrel_that	The victim that the girl approves inspires the boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objrel_that	The victim that the girl greets understands the friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
objrel_that	The victim that the guy knows approves the man	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
objrel_that	The victim that the guy observes approves the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objrel_that	The victim that the kid stimulates approves the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
objrel_that	The victim that the man approves greets the woman	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
objrel_that	The victim that the poet discourages admires the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel_that	The victim that the singer observes criticizes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the aunt knows stimulates the teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel_that	The woman that the boy criticizes observes the friend	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
objrel_that	The woman that the boy understands knows the father	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objrel_that	The woman that the carpenter approves avoids the father	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objrel_that	The woman that the doctor approves stimulates the friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel_that	The woman that the lawyer observes inspires the kid	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objrel_that	The woman that the lawyer stimulates greets the guy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objrel_that	The woman that the poet encourages greets the kid	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel_that	The woman that the teacher criticizes observes the man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
objrel_that	The athlete that the guy criticizes approves the fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel_that	The athlete that the lawyer confuses criticizes the friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
objrel_that	The athlete that the lawyer remembers discourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the man greets encourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the man stimulates encourages the singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the mother understands inspires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspire
objrel_that	The athlete that the poet remembers admires the men	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
objrel_that	The athlete that the singer knows encourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the uncle approves remembers the friends	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
objrel_that	The aunt that the athlete discourages confuses the doctors	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
objrel_that	The aunt that the farmer avoids encourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the farmer confuses observes the girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
objrel_that	The aunt that the friend avoids encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the kid engages admires the poets	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
objrel_that	The aunt that the poet encourages engages the victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
objrel_that	The aunt that the singer criticizes approves the boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel_that	The aunt that the woman criticizes knows the singers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel_that	The boy that the athlete observes admires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
objrel_that	The boy that the farmer criticizes greets the aunts	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
objrel_that	The boy that the father discourages greets the teachers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
objrel_that	The boy that the friend discourages understands the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
objrel_that	The boy that the girl confuses observes the guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
objrel_that	The boy that the kid engages encourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
objrel_that	The boy that the lawyer greets encourages the teachers	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel_that	The boy that the mother engages criticizes the girls	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
objrel_that	The boy that the mother observes knows the farmers	singular	singular	plural	observe	know
objrel_that	The boy that the mother stimulates observes the guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
objrel_that	The boy that the poet avoids engages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the poet discourages engages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the singer avoids understands the fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
objrel_that	The boy that the teacher confuses inspires the men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
objrel_that	The boy that the uncle criticizes approves the friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel_that	The boy that the victim avoids discourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_that	The boy that the woman encourages criticizes the friends	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
objrel_that	The carpenter that the aunt knows understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
objrel_that	The carpenter that the boy stimulates engages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the doctor approves greets the victims	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
objrel_that	The carpenter that the doctor understands confuses the victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
objrel_that	The carpenter that the father admires engages the men	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the father observes criticizes the uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticize
objrel_that	The carpenter that the friend inspires remembers the guys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel_that	The carpenter that the friend knows observes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel_that	The carpenter that the kid knows engages the poets	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the kid stimulates greets the victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel_that	The carpenter that the man inspires knows the guys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
objrel_that	The carpenter that the mother admires discourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the poet knows inspires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
objrel_that	The carpenter that the teacher admires engages the boys	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the teacher confuses observes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
objrel_that	The doctor that the boy avoids greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
objrel_that	The doctor that the farmer stimulates remembers the boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
objrel_that	The doctor that the girl remembers avoids the boys	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
objrel_that	The doctor that the girl understands encourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the guy encourages knows the mothers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel_that	The doctor that the guy greets admires the girls	singular	singular	plural	greet	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the mother avoids inspires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The doctor that the mother knows stimulates the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
objrel_that	The doctor that the poet avoids understands the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
objrel_that	The doctor that the woman stimulates avoids the victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that	The farmer that the athlete avoids greets the aunts	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
objrel_that	The farmer that the boy avoids knows the fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
objrel_that	The farmer that the boy encourages greets the victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
objrel_that	The farmer that the mother admires remembers the aunts	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
objrel_that	The farmer that the poet remembers understands the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel_that	The father that the athlete admires remembers the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
objrel_that	The father that the athlete knows greets the farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
objrel_that	The father that the boy encourages greets the men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
objrel_that	The father that the lawyer avoids confuses the teachers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the man encourages discourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the poet observes knows the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	observe	know
objrel_that	The father that the singer engages inspires the boys	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the teacher discourages confuses the farmers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the woman discourages observes the poets	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
objrel_that	The friend that the aunt stimulates encourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the carpenter approves greets the fathers	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the carpenter discourages admires the girls	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
objrel_that	The friend that the father confuses observes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
objrel_that	The friend that the father stimulates remembers the teachers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
objrel_that	The friend that the girl approves criticizes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
objrel_that	The friend that the guy discourages engages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
objrel_that	The friend that the kid admires avoids the farmers	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
objrel_that	The friend that the mother admires greets the guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the singer approves remembers the men	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
objrel_that	The friend that the singer engages avoids the uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
objrel_that	The girl that the boy admires engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
objrel_that	The girl that the boy observes confuses the uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
objrel_that	The girl that the carpenter greets remembers the victims	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel_that	The girl that the carpenter remembers inspires the boys	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the doctor avoids inspires the mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the father stimulates inspires the victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the guy approves engages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
objrel_that	The girl that the kid observes greets the fathers	singular	singular	plural	observe	greet
objrel_that	The girl that the kid observes understands the guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
objrel_that	The girl that the lawyer observes confuses the aunts	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
objrel_that	The girl that the mother criticizes admires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel_that	The girl that the mother remembers inspires the friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel_that	The girl that the teacher encourages understands the aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
objrel_that	The guy that the aunt inspires knows the men	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
objrel_that	The guy that the doctor admires avoids the singers	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
objrel_that	The guy that the father discourages approves the boys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
objrel_that	The guy that the lawyer confuses remembers the victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
objrel_that	The kid that the farmer observes inspires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel_that	The kid that the lawyer encourages approves the mothers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
objrel_that	The kid that the man avoids engages the women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
objrel_that	The kid that the teacher observes discourages the men	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
objrel_that	The kid that the victim greets observes the mothers	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the doctor criticizes avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
objrel_that	The lawyer that the friend avoids observes the farmers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the friend knows observes the poets	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the girl encourages engages the guys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the man encourages knows the fathers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel_that	The lawyer that the man understands confuses the aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
objrel_that	The lawyer that the mother understands observes the girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the poet greets discourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the singer criticizes greets the fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
objrel_that	The lawyer that the teacher knows stimulates the aunts	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
objrel_that	The lawyer that the uncle observes inspires the boys	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel_that	The man that the boy inspires knows the farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
objrel_that	The man that the friend inspires discourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the guy avoids criticizes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
objrel_that	The man that the kid stimulates inspires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
objrel_that	The man that the mother avoids knows the fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
objrel_that	The man that the mother encourages discourages the poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the singer engages inspires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel_that	The man that the teacher engages discourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
objrel_that	The man that the teacher remembers inspires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel_that	The mother that the aunt discourages observes the guys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
objrel_that	The mother that the carpenter avoids observes the doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
objrel_that	The mother that the carpenter knows inspires the victims	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
objrel_that	The mother that the doctor stimulates engages the women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the farmer inspires engages the singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
objrel_that	The mother that the farmer remembers criticizes the guys	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
objrel_that	The mother that the friend inspires stimulates the doctors	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
objrel_that	The mother that the friend understands knows the men	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
objrel_that	The mother that the girl discourages inspires the men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
objrel_that	The mother that the guy admires discourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel_that	The mother that the poet criticizes observes the friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observe
objrel_that	The mother that the poet observes understands the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
objrel_that	The mother that the poet stimulates knows the aunts	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel_that	The mother that the singer confuses discourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
objrel_that	The mother that the singer confuses encourages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel_that	The mother that the woman criticizes engages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
objrel_that	The poet that the friend remembers understands the uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel_that	The poet that the teacher confuses discourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
objrel_that	The poet that the teacher observes knows the victims	singular	singular	plural	observe	know
objrel_that	The poet that the woman observes engages the men	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
objrel_that	The singer that the boy admires encourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
objrel_that	The singer that the girl criticizes admires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the guy approves remembers the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
objrel_that	The singer that the kid admires discourages the women	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel_that	The singer that the man criticizes admires the friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the man inspires admires the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the mother criticizes inspires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
objrel_that	The singer that the teacher engages stimulates the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
objrel_that	The singer that the woman inspires observes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel_that	The teacher that the boy confuses inspires the kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
objrel_that	The teacher that the boy discourages engages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctor encourages admires the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel_that	The teacher that the farmer understands inspires the fathers	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspire
objrel_that	The teacher that the girl remembers observes the doctors	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
objrel_that	The teacher that the girl understands admires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
objrel_that	The teacher that the lawyer greets confuses the women	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
objrel_that	The teacher that the lawyer greets encourages the kids	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the man avoids greets the girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
objrel_that	The teacher that the mother avoids knows the doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
objrel_that	The teacher that the poet observes encourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the uncle greets encourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the woman approves discourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the aunt approves stimulates the singers	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the boy discourages greets the fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
objrel_that	The uncle that the farmer greets encourages the women	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the guy greets observes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel_that	The uncle that the singer greets criticizes the women	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
objrel_that	The victim that the aunt criticizes approves the singers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel_that	The victim that the boy encourages understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
objrel_that	The victim that the doctor approves engages the men	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
objrel_that	The victim that the doctor stimulates discourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the friend knows avoids the kids	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
objrel_that	The victim that the friend knows stimulates the guys	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the girl avoids discourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the girl criticizes discourages the men	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the girl understands stimulates the athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the guy confuses remembers the athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
objrel_that	The victim that the kid knows discourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the poet admires remembers the mothers	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
objrel_that	The victim that the poet understands engages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel_that	The victim that the poet understands remembers the kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
objrel_that	The victim that the singer discourages remembers the boys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
objrel_that	The victim that the teacher remembers encourages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel_that	The victim that the woman knows observes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel_that	The woman that the aunt knows engages the victims	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel_that	The woman that the aunt stimulates understands the athletes	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
objrel_that	The woman that the doctor discourages approves the friends	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the father confuses greets the uncles	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel_that	The woman that the friend knows engages the victims	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel_that	The woman that the kid observes encourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel_that	The woman that the lawyer avoids encourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel_that	The woman that the lawyer discourages understands the poets	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
objrel_that	The woman that the mother discourages criticizes the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticize
objrel_that	The woman that the singer knows criticizes the uncles	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
objrel_that	The athlete that the boys criticize inspires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that	The athlete that the doctors admire avoids the friend	singular	plural	singular	admires	avoid
objrel_that	The athlete that the doctors engage approves the victim	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel_that	The athlete that the fathers inspire understands the farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objrel_that	The athlete that the mothers understand approves the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel_that	The athlete that the poets criticize approves the mother	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel_that	The athlete that the singers approve greets the mother	singular	plural	singular	approves	greet
objrel_that	The athlete that the uncles observe remembers the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel_that	The aunt that the athletes know discourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the carpenters know avoids the athlete	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the doctors admire approves the man	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel_that	The aunt that the doctors criticize inspires the mother	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that	The aunt that the kids engage encourages the girl	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the kids observe discourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel_that	The aunt that the mothers admire inspires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_that	The aunt that the mothers stimulate observes the singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objrel_that	The aunt that the uncles confuse greets the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objrel_that	The aunt that the women stimulate inspires the boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that	The aunt that the women understand avoids the athlete	singular	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objrel_that	The boy that the aunts know admires the victim	singular	plural	singular	knows	admire
objrel_that	The boy that the carpenters know encourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objrel_that	The boy that the girls engage avoids the kid	singular	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objrel_that	The boy that the teachers stimulate understands the mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objrel_that	The boy that the women stimulate engages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the fathers avoid engages the poet	singular	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objrel_that	The carpenter that the girls admire confuses the singer	singular	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objrel_that	The carpenter that the guys know criticizes the mother	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel_that	The carpenter that the poets remember confuses the mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel_that	The carpenter that the poets stimulate greets the farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objrel_that	The carpenter that the uncles encourage admires the poet	singular	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objrel_that	The doctor that the boys inspire greets the mother	singular	plural	singular	inspires	greet
objrel_that	The doctor that the fathers admire engages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel_that	The doctor that the friends discourage greets the poet	singular	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objrel_that	The doctor that the men engage avoids the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objrel_that	The doctor that the teachers stimulate greets the uncle	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objrel_that	The farmer that the aunts understand approves the man	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel_that	The farmer that the guys admire encourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the poets confuse encourages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the poets stimulate discourages the girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the women encourage remembers the guy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objrel_that	The father that the athletes engage remembers the singer	singular	plural	singular	engages	remember
objrel_that	The father that the aunts approve engages the girl	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel_that	The father that the aunts greet criticizes the athlete	singular	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objrel_that	The father that the carpenters avoid understands the boy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel_that	The father that the carpenters know engages the friend	singular	plural	singular	knows	engage
objrel_that	The father that the doctors admire inspires the mother	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the doctors approve knows the woman	singular	plural	singular	approves	know
objrel_that	The father that the friends avoid knows the victim	singular	plural	singular	avoids	know
objrel_that	The father that the friends avoid understands the victim	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel_that	The father that the friends stimulate greets the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objrel_that	The father that the girls approve confuses the singer	singular	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the girls avoid inspires the kid	singular	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objrel_that	The father that the kids approve understands the uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	understand
objrel_that	The father that the lawyers stimulate confuses the boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the men avoid criticizes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objrel_that	The father that the men inspire stimulates the teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the mothers discourage approves the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objrel_that	The father that the singers know confuses the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel_that	The father that the singers know discourages the boy	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the teachers approve discourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the teachers encourage observes the victim	singular	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objrel_that	The father that the teachers inspire encourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objrel_that	The father that the teachers understand engages the poet	singular	plural	singular	understands	engage
objrel_that	The friend that the aunts admire approves the woman	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel_that	The friend that the aunts engage remembers the man	singular	plural	singular	engages	remember
objrel_that	The friend that the aunts greet understands the poet	singular	plural	singular	greets	understand
objrel_that	The friend that the boys stimulate greets the man	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the girls criticize encourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the guys approve understands the aunt	singular	plural	singular	approves	understand
objrel_that	The friend that the men discourage knows the teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel_that	The friend that the mothers approve inspires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	approves	inspire
objrel_that	The friend that the teachers criticize approves the doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel_that	The friend that the uncles stimulate admires the father	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objrel_that	The friend that the victims discourage encourages the man	singular	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objrel_that	The friend that the women remember encourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objrel_that	The girl that the athletes admire greets the doctor	singular	plural	singular	admires	greet
objrel_that	The girl that the athletes criticize understands the victim	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objrel_that	The girl that the carpenters greet stimulates the singer	singular	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the doctors encourage confuses the mother	singular	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objrel_that	The girl that the doctors observe admires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	observes	admire
objrel_that	The girl that the doctors remember greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel_that	The girl that the guys stimulate understands the father	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objrel_that	The girl that the kids engage discourages the man	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel_that	The girl that the lawyers stimulate remembers the athlete	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objrel_that	The girl that the men know observes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	knows	observe
objrel_that	The girl that the mothers stimulate understands the poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objrel_that	The girl that the singers avoid engages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objrel_that	The girl that the victims remember approves the woman	singular	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objrel_that	The girl that the women know admires the singer	singular	plural	singular	knows	admire
objrel_that	The guy that the doctors criticize inspires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that	The guy that the farmers observe approves the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel_that	The guy that the friends encourage confuses the doctor	singular	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objrel_that	The guy that the kids confuse stimulates the boy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that	The guy that the lawyers engage greets the athlete	singular	plural	singular	engages	greet
objrel_that	The guy that the poets admire understands the kid	singular	plural	singular	admires	understand
objrel_that	The guy that the teachers observe criticizes the singer	singular	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objrel_that	The guy that the uncles criticize engages the victim	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel_that	The kid that the aunts engage approves the poet	singular	plural	singular	engages	approve
objrel_that	The kid that the carpenters criticize greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel_that	The kid that the carpenters remember admires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objrel_that	The kid that the fathers confuse criticizes the woman	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel_that	The kid that the friends admire encourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objrel_that	The kid that the girls stimulate approves the uncle	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objrel_that	The kid that the mothers discourage engages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objrel_that	The kid that the mothers stimulate admires the man	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objrel_that	The kid that the poets approve knows the mother	singular	plural	singular	approves	know
objrel_that	The kid that the victims confuse avoids the teacher	singular	plural	singular	confuses	avoid
objrel_that	The kid that the victims criticize stimulates the aunt	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_that	The lawyer that the boys confuse greets the woman	singular	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objrel_that	The lawyer that the carpenters discourage confuses the teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel_that	The lawyer that the doctors greet criticizes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objrel_that	The lawyer that the farmers approve admires the father	singular	plural	singular	approves	admire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the farmers remember encourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the farmers remember understands the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the fathers engage greets the athlete	singular	plural	singular	engages	greet
objrel_that	The lawyer that the friends avoid inspires the man	singular	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the friends criticize greets the girl	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel_that	The lawyer that the friends understand observes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	understands	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the men observe greets the kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	greet
objrel_that	The lawyer that the mothers observe understands the aunt	singular	plural	singular	observes	understand
objrel_that	The lawyer that the singers engage discourages the girl	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the teachers engage stimulates the guy	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel_that	The lawyer that the uncles know avoids the teacher	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel_that	The lawyer that the victims understand inspires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the women know observes the father	singular	plural	singular	knows	observe
objrel_that	The man that the aunts confuse stimulates the teacher	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that	The man that the farmers admire observes the singer	singular	plural	singular	admires	observe
objrel_that	The man that the farmers criticize engages the kid	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objrel_that	The man that the fathers avoid approves the aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objrel_that	The man that the fathers understand approves the victim	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel_that	The man that the lawyers inspire admires the poet	singular	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objrel_that	The man that the poets avoid approves the friend	singular	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objrel_that	The man that the teachers criticize understands the boy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objrel_that	The mother that the athletes observe approves the man	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel_that	The mother that the carpenters avoid understands the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel_that	The mother that the fathers inspire avoids the aunt	singular	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objrel_that	The mother that the fathers remember stimulates the girl	singular	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that	The mother that the friends stimulate inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that	The mother that the kids approve discourages the man	singular	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objrel_that	The mother that the lawyers admire approves the father	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel_that	The mother that the women admire encourages the friend	singular	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the athletes observe approves the kid	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel_that	The poet that the athletes stimulate inspires the boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that	The poet that the aunts criticize knows the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objrel_that	The poet that the boys criticize approves the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel_that	The poet that the boys criticize confuses the man	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objrel_that	The poet that the doctors admire greets the woman	singular	plural	singular	admires	greet
objrel_that	The poet that the doctors confuse observes the man	singular	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objrel_that	The poet that the girls avoid inspires the athlete	singular	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objrel_that	The poet that the girls observe approves the boy	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel_that	The poet that the guys admire inspires the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_that	The poet that the mothers admire avoids the friend	singular	plural	singular	admires	avoid
objrel_that	The poet that the mothers encourage greets the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objrel_that	The poet that the mothers engage criticizes the father	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel_that	The poet that the uncles observe greets the farmer	singular	plural	singular	observes	greet
objrel_that	The poet that the victims remember observes the girl	singular	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objrel_that	The poet that the women stimulate admires the singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objrel_that	The singer that the carpenters stimulate knows the farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objrel_that	The singer that the doctors criticize greets the father	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel_that	The singer that the friends discourage approves the farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objrel_that	The singer that the friends know engages the boy	singular	plural	singular	knows	engage
objrel_that	The singer that the guys discourage avoids the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objrel_that	The singer that the lawyers observe encourages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	observes	encourage
objrel_that	The singer that the teachers engage remembers the doctor	singular	plural	singular	engages	remember
objrel_that	The singer that the victims know greets the aunt	singular	plural	singular	knows	greet
objrel_that	The teacher that the aunts inspire avoids the mother	singular	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objrel_that	The teacher that the carpenters approve admires the woman	singular	plural	singular	approves	admire
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctors observe admires the father	singular	plural	singular	observes	admire
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctors observe knows the singer	singular	plural	singular	observes	know
objrel_that	The teacher that the doctors remember approves the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objrel_that	The teacher that the farmers discourage criticizes the girl	singular	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objrel_that	The teacher that the fathers inspire avoids the woman	singular	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objrel_that	The teacher that the girls understand engages the father	singular	plural	singular	understands	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the guys know discourages the poet	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the kids remember stimulates the boy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the boys inspire understands the woman	singular	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objrel_that	The uncle that the carpenters avoid discourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the doctors engage criticizes the poet	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel_that	The uncle that the fathers understand remembers the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	understands	remember
objrel_that	The uncle that the girls know stimulates the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel_that	The uncle that the guys inspire discourages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the guys observe engages the teacher	singular	plural	singular	observes	engage
objrel_that	The uncle that the kids greet encourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the lawyers confuse criticizes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel_that	The victim that the friends criticize stimulates the singer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the kids avoid inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objrel_that	The victim that the kids remember inspires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel_that	The victim that the singers discourage understands the guy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objrel_that	The victim that the teachers approve confuses the athlete	singular	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objrel_that	The victim that the teachers know encourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objrel_that	The victim that the uncles inspire remembers the guy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objrel_that	The woman that the athletes discourage greets the uncle	singular	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objrel_that	The woman that the athletes engage confuses the victim	singular	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objrel_that	The woman that the aunts engage greets the victim	singular	plural	singular	engages	greet
objrel_that	The woman that the farmers understand inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objrel_that	The woman that the fathers observe understands the athlete	singular	plural	singular	observes	understand
objrel_that	The woman that the friends encourage discourages the singer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objrel_that	The woman that the guys avoid approves the boy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objrel_that	The woman that the singers know inspires the friend	singular	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objrel_that	The woman that the victims engage knows the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engages	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the carpenters observe encourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	observes	encourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the farmers stimulate avoids the guys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	avoid
objrel_that	The athlete that the fathers greet observes the kids	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel_that	The athlete that the guys observe criticizes the boys	singular	plural	plural	observes	criticize
objrel_that	The athlete that the kids admire stimulates the girls	singular	plural	plural	admires	stimulate
objrel_that	The athlete that the kids engage admires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engages	admire
objrel_that	The athlete that the lawyers remember confuses the boys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	confuse
objrel_that	The athlete that the men know greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	knows	greet
objrel_that	The athlete that the men remember engages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	engage
objrel_that	The athlete that the poets encourage knows the kids	singular	plural	plural	encourages	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the teachers observe remembers the farmers	singular	plural	plural	observes	remember
objrel_that	The athlete that the teachers understand encourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	understands	encourage
objrel_that	The athlete that the uncles avoid stimulates the boys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	stimulate
objrel_that	The athlete that the uncles engage knows the mothers	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel_that	The athlete that the victims understand observes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel_that	The athlete that the women confuse engages the poets	singular	plural	plural	confuses	engage
objrel_that	The athlete that the women observe avoids the doctors	singular	plural	plural	observes	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the boys approve admires the poets	singular	plural	plural	approves	admire
objrel_that	The aunt that the farmers remember understands the boys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel_that	The aunt that the friends stimulate understands the teachers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel_that	The aunt that the guys approve avoids the girls	singular	plural	plural	approves	avoid
objrel_that	The aunt that the guys criticize observes the women	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	observe
objrel_that	The aunt that the men greet inspires the boys	singular	plural	plural	greets	inspire
objrel_that	The aunt that the victims greet approves the men	singular	plural	plural	greets	approve
objrel_that	The aunt that the women encourage knows the guys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	know
objrel_that	The boy that the athletes confuse engages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	engage
objrel_that	The boy that the athletes observe encourages the friends	singular	plural	plural	observes	encourage
objrel_that	The boy that the aunts avoid discourages the poets	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel_that	The boy that the carpenters engage greets the fathers	singular	plural	plural	engages	greet
objrel_that	The boy that the farmers avoid inspires the poets	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel_that	The boy that the farmers remember stimulates the men	singular	plural	plural	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that	The boy that the fathers observe discourages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	observes	discourage
objrel_that	The boy that the men admire criticizes the guys	singular	plural	plural	admires	criticize
objrel_that	The boy that the men observe avoids the doctors	singular	plural	plural	observes	avoid
objrel_that	The boy that the mothers observe greets the men	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel_that	The boy that the singers confuse remembers the aunts	singular	plural	plural	confuses	remember
objrel_that	The boy that the teachers admire observes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel_that	The boy that the uncles remember admires the women	singular	plural	plural	remembers	admire
objrel_that	The boy that the uncles remember inspires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	remembers	inspire
objrel_that	The boy that the victims avoid inspires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel_that	The boy that the victims know observes the men	singular	plural	plural	knows	observe
objrel_that	The carpenter that the athletes discourage stimulates the victims	singular	plural	plural	discourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The carpenter that the aunts stimulate knows the girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel_that	The carpenter that the friends greet observes the aunts	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel_that	The carpenter that the friends inspire remembers the poets	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel_that	The carpenter that the girls inspire confuses the teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	confuse
objrel_that	The carpenter that the kids criticize understands the fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	understand
objrel_that	The carpenter that the kids encourage criticizes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourages	criticize
objrel_that	The carpenter that the poets discourage approves the women	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel_that	The carpenter that the poets know understands the kids	singular	plural	plural	knows	understand
objrel_that	The carpenter that the singers stimulate remembers the victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	remember
objrel_that	The carpenter that the teachers admire observes the men	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel_that	The carpenter that the uncles know criticizes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	knows	criticize
objrel_that	The carpenter that the victims discourage observes the men	singular	plural	plural	discourages	observe
objrel_that	The carpenter that the women encourage engages the friends	singular	plural	plural	encourages	engage
objrel_that	The doctor that the athletes confuse stimulates the boys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that	The doctor that the boys avoid approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	avoids	approve
objrel_that	The doctor that the boys understand knows the girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel_that	The doctor that the guys observe engages the friends	singular	plural	plural	observes	engage
objrel_that	The doctor that the guys observe inspires the singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	inspire
objrel_that	The doctor that the lawyers approve encourages the men	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that	The doctor that the mothers confuse criticizes the fathers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	criticize
objrel_that	The doctor that the teachers engage inspires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	engages	inspire
objrel_that	The doctor that the teachers inspire understands the men	singular	plural	plural	inspires	understand
objrel_that	The doctor that the uncles admire understands the girls	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel_that	The doctor that the victims stimulate confuses the boys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that	The farmer that the boys know engages the women	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel_that	The farmer that the boys understand stimulates the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understands	stimulate
objrel_that	The farmer that the fathers approve understands the women	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_that	The farmer that the guys know greets the doctors	singular	plural	plural	knows	greet
objrel_that	The farmer that the singers engage knows the doctors	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel_that	The farmer that the teachers approve avoids the friends	singular	plural	plural	approves	avoid
objrel_that	The farmer that the uncles approve discourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that	The farmer that the victims approve knows the poets	singular	plural	plural	approves	know
objrel_that	The farmer that the victims remember knows the teachers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel_that	The farmer that the women know admires the singers	singular	plural	plural	knows	admire
objrel_that	The father that the aunts approve stimulates the athletes	singular	plural	plural	approves	stimulate
objrel_that	The father that the boys encourage avoids the victims	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel_that	The father that the boys remember observes the poets	singular	plural	plural	remembers	observe
objrel_that	The father that the guys encourage discourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	discourage
objrel_that	The father that the poets criticize observes the friends	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	observe
objrel_that	The father that the uncles observe understands the women	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel_that	The father that the women criticize greets the poets	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the aunts criticize understands the victims	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	understand
objrel_that	The friend that the carpenters remember greets the fathers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	greet
objrel_that	The friend that the doctors encourage stimulates the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that	The friend that the farmers engage discourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	engages	discourage
objrel_that	The friend that the kids stimulate confuses the uncles	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that	The friend that the mothers criticize discourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	discourage
objrel_that	The friend that the mothers observe confuses the boys	singular	plural	plural	observes	confuse
objrel_that	The friend that the singers inspire avoids the poets	singular	plural	plural	inspires	avoid
objrel_that	The friend that the victims observe confuses the singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	confuse
objrel_that	The girl that the athletes approve engages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	approves	engage
objrel_that	The girl that the aunts approve stimulates the men	singular	plural	plural	approves	stimulate
objrel_that	The girl that the fathers stimulate engages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	engage
objrel_that	The girl that the kids engage criticizes the women	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel_that	The girl that the lawyers confuse remembers the kids	singular	plural	plural	confuses	remember
objrel_that	The girl that the singers encourage greets the friends	singular	plural	plural	encourages	greet
objrel_that	The guy that the athletes know encourages the doctors	singular	plural	plural	knows	encourage
objrel_that	The guy that the fathers know understands the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	knows	understand
objrel_that	The guy that the kids discourage engages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel_that	The guy that the lawyers engage greets the men	singular	plural	plural	engages	greet
objrel_that	The guy that the uncles remember inspires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	inspire
objrel_that	The guy that the victims confuse greets the singers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	greet
objrel_that	The guy that the victims remember knows the athletes	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel_that	The guy that the victims understand discourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel_that	The guy that the women discourage greets the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel_that	The kid that the aunts observe avoids the doctors	singular	plural	plural	observes	avoid
objrel_that	The kid that the boys inspire remembers the victims	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel_that	The kid that the doctors approve discourages the boys	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that	The kid that the farmers greet approves the mothers	singular	plural	plural	greets	approve
objrel_that	The kid that the singers approve criticizes the boys	singular	plural	plural	approves	criticize
objrel_that	The kid that the singers criticize observes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	observe
objrel_that	The kid that the victims discourage admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel_that	The kid that the women confuse inspires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the boys discourage avoids the guys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	avoid
objrel_that	The lawyer that the friends know observes the women	singular	plural	plural	knows	observe
objrel_that	The lawyer that the guys discourage inspires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the kids greet encourages the poets	singular	plural	plural	greets	encourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the kids know encourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	knows	encourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the kids observe engages the women	singular	plural	plural	observes	engage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the men understand encourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	understands	encourage
objrel_that	The lawyer that the poets greet admires the women	singular	plural	plural	greets	admire
objrel_that	The lawyer that the teachers admire remembers the guys	singular	plural	plural	admires	remember
objrel_that	The lawyer that the teachers understand approves the boys	singular	plural	plural	understands	approve
objrel_that	The lawyer that the uncles encourage criticizes the men	singular	plural	plural	encourages	criticize
objrel_that	The lawyer that the uncles know avoids the friends	singular	plural	plural	knows	avoid
objrel_that	The lawyer that the women observe stimulates the aunts	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel_that	The lawyer that the women remember knows the friends	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel_that	The man that the aunts inspire knows the friends	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel_that	The man that the carpenters admire understands the women	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel_that	The man that the carpenters greet inspires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	greets	inspire
objrel_that	The man that the fathers approve admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	approves	admire
objrel_that	The man that the fathers approve inspires the singers	singular	plural	plural	approves	inspire
objrel_that	The man that the fathers inspire remembers the teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel_that	The man that the poets avoid encourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel_that	The man that the poets criticize confuses the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	confuse
objrel_that	The man that the singers understand stimulates the women	singular	plural	plural	understands	stimulate
objrel_that	The man that the victims understand criticizes the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel_that	The man that the women criticize admires the uncles	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	admire
objrel_that	The man that the women criticize stimulates the victims	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_that	The man that the women remember stimulates the mothers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that	The mother that the aunts understand remembers the women	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel_that	The mother that the kids observe greets the friends	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel_that	The mother that the teachers confuse stimulates the boys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that	The mother that the teachers encourage observes the friends	singular	plural	plural	encourages	observe
objrel_that	The mother that the women inspire admires the poets	singular	plural	plural	inspires	admire
objrel_that	The poet that the athletes discourage observes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	observe
objrel_that	The poet that the aunts avoid encourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel_that	The poet that the aunts observe discourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	observes	discourage
objrel_that	The poet that the boys approve observes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	approves	observe
objrel_that	The poet that the doctors admire understands the farmers	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel_that	The poet that the doctors discourage engages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel_that	The poet that the guys approve observes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	approves	observe
objrel_that	The poet that the guys stimulate criticizes the men	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	criticize
objrel_that	The poet that the men admire discourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	admires	discourage
objrel_that	The poet that the teachers observe approves the boys	singular	plural	plural	observes	approve
objrel_that	The poet that the uncles criticize engages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	engage
objrel_that	The poet that the victims confuse stimulates the kids	singular	plural	plural	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that	The poet that the women engage discourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	engages	discourage
objrel_that	The singer that the carpenters criticize inspires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that	The singer that the doctors engage knows the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel_that	The singer that the girls criticize remembers the farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	remember
objrel_that	The singer that the men avoid engages the guys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	engage
objrel_that	The singer that the poets avoid approves the athletes	singular	plural	plural	avoids	approve
objrel_that	The singer that the uncles encourage confuses the poets	singular	plural	plural	encourages	confuse
objrel_that	The singer that the uncles inspire remembers the guys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel_that	The singer that the uncles remember knows the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel_that	The teacher that the aunts know engages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel_that	The teacher that the boys approve encourages the athletes	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the boys approve understands the uncles	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_that	The teacher that the farmers confuse encourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	confuses	encourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the lawyers greet remembers the kids	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the poets understand admires the kids	singular	plural	plural	understands	admire
objrel_that	The teacher that the poets understand encourages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understands	encourage
objrel_that	The teacher that the singers stimulate greets the women	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel_that	The teacher that the singers understand remembers the men	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel_that	The teacher that the uncles greet confuses the farmers	singular	plural	plural	greets	confuse
objrel_that	The teacher that the victims avoid knows the boys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the athletes admire greets the poets	singular	plural	plural	admires	greet
objrel_that	The uncle that the doctors greet observes the friends	singular	plural	plural	greets	observe
objrel_that	The uncle that the doctors observe knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel_that	The uncle that the farmers admire encourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	admires	encourage
objrel_that	The uncle that the farmers engage approves the athletes	singular	plural	plural	engages	approve
objrel_that	The uncle that the fathers remember inspires the friends	singular	plural	plural	remembers	inspire
objrel_that	The uncle that the girls know greets the doctors	singular	plural	plural	knows	greet
objrel_that	The victim that the athletes greet discourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel_that	The victim that the aunts criticize knows the doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	know
objrel_that	The victim that the doctors admire stimulates the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admires	stimulate
objrel_that	The victim that the poets confuse understands the women	singular	plural	plural	confuses	understand
objrel_that	The victim that the uncles remember knows the guys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel_that	The woman that the carpenters approve discourages the farmers	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_that	The woman that the fathers engage remembers the athletes	singular	plural	plural	engages	remember
objrel_that	The woman that the guys approve avoids the victims	singular	plural	plural	approves	avoid
objrel_that	The woman that the guys approve greets the poets	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that	The woman that the guys know greets the men	singular	plural	plural	knows	greet
objrel_that	The woman that the kids stimulate engages the boys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	engage
objrel_that	The woman that the lawyers observe stimulates the men	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel_that	The woman that the teachers inspire observes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	observe
objrel_that	The woman that the victims avoid engages the guys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	engage
objrel_that	The athletes that the carpenter observes criticize the girl	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel_that	The athletes that the farmer admires observe the man	plural	singular	singular	admire	observes
objrel_that	The athletes that the farmer stimulates understand the woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	understands
objrel_that	The athletes that the friend remembers stimulate the singer	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_that	The athletes that the lawyer stimulates know the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	knows
objrel_that	The athletes that the man approves avoid the singer	plural	singular	singular	approve	avoids
objrel_that	The athletes that the poet discourages approve the father	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel_that	The aunts that the athlete understands remember the boy	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel_that	The aunts that the doctor encourages understand the boy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel_that	The aunts that the father understands greet the doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_that	The aunts that the girl engages encourage the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	engage	encourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the girl inspires confuse the poet	plural	singular	singular	inspire	confuses
objrel_that	The aunts that the kid observes inspire the victim	plural	singular	singular	observe	inspires
objrel_that	The aunts that the man greets observe the kid	plural	singular	singular	greet	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the poet observes remember the singer	plural	singular	singular	observe	remembers
objrel_that	The aunts that the victim admires engage the friend	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel_that	The boys that the father confuses stimulate the doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the father knows greet the doctor	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel_that	The boys that the lawyer greets avoid the father	plural	singular	singular	greet	avoids
objrel_that	The boys that the man discourages confuse the father	plural	singular	singular	discourage	confuses
objrel_that	The boys that the man remembers know the singer	plural	singular	singular	remember	knows
objrel_that	The boys that the man understands discourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	understand	discourages
objrel_that	The boys that the teacher stimulates discourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	discourages
objrel_that	The boys that the uncle knows discourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	know	discourages
objrel_that	The boys that the victim admires criticize the kid	plural	singular	singular	admire	criticizes
objrel_that	The boys that the woman encourages remember the poet	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel_that	The carpenters that the aunt knows stimulate the victim	plural	singular	singular	know	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the boy avoids remember the father	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The carpenters that the farmer inspires confuse the aunt	plural	singular	singular	inspire	confuses
objrel_that	The carpenters that the friend avoids approve the guy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel_that	The carpenters that the girl criticizes understand the farmer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	understands
objrel_that	The carpenters that the kid understands greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the teacher approves stimulate the mother	plural	singular	singular	approve	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the teacher discourages engage the man	plural	singular	singular	discourage	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the teacher engages understand the poet	plural	singular	singular	engage	understands
objrel_that	The carpenters that the uncle avoids criticize the teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the uncle confuses avoid the man	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel_that	The carpenters that the uncle discourages encourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the woman inspires criticize the farmer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the woman knows confuse the boy	plural	singular	singular	know	confuses
objrel_that	The doctors that the athlete encourages remember the father	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the athlete engages approve the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	engage	approves
objrel_that	The doctors that the carpenter encourages remember the girl	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the mother discourages avoid the kid	plural	singular	singular	discourage	avoids
objrel_that	The doctors that the singer observes encourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the victim stimulates criticize the farmer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_that	The doctors that the woman admires encourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	admire	encourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the boy stimulates know the athlete	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	knows
objrel_that	The farmers that the doctor greets confuse the mother	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel_that	The farmers that the father remembers stimulate the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_that	The farmers that the girl engages discourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	engage	discourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the girl knows confuse the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	know	confuses
objrel_that	The farmers that the kid encourages avoid the mother	plural	singular	singular	encourage	avoids
objrel_that	The farmers that the kid understands remember the singer	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel_that	The farmers that the lawyer understands encourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the man criticizes understand the teacher	plural	singular	singular	criticize	understands
objrel_that	The farmers that the man understands discourage the girl	plural	singular	singular	understand	discourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the victim criticizes greet the man	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel_that	The fathers that the athlete admires remember the guy	plural	singular	singular	admire	remembers
objrel_that	The fathers that the aunt admires engage the woman	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel_that	The fathers that the aunt criticizes understand the doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticize	understands
objrel_that	The fathers that the boy avoids admire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	avoid	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the carpenter confuses inspire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel_that	The fathers that the farmer stimulates know the doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	knows
objrel_that	The fathers that the guy criticizes approve the poet	plural	singular	singular	criticize	approves
objrel_that	The fathers that the kid remembers stimulate the doctor	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_that	The fathers that the lawyer criticizes know the doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticize	knows
objrel_that	The fathers that the lawyer greets avoid the friend	plural	singular	singular	greet	avoids
objrel_that	The fathers that the lawyer stimulates observe the guy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	observes
objrel_that	The fathers that the poet approves inspire the girl	plural	singular	singular	approve	inspires
objrel_that	The fathers that the uncle encourages discourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	encourage	discourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the victim admires approve the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admire	approves
objrel_that	The friends that the doctor observes approve the girl	plural	singular	singular	observe	approves
objrel_that	The friends that the farmer engages stimulate the guy	plural	singular	singular	engage	stimulates
objrel_that	The friends that the farmer stimulates observe the singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	observes
objrel_that	The friends that the poet confuses observe the uncle	plural	singular	singular	confuse	observes
objrel_that	The friends that the uncle inspires approve the aunt	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel_that	The girls that the athlete criticizes inspire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	inspires
objrel_that	The girls that the carpenter discourages stimulate the father	plural	singular	singular	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The girls that the carpenter stimulates observe the victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	observes
objrel_that	The girls that the doctor approves avoid the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approve	avoids
objrel_that	The girls that the father greets understand the doctor	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel_that	The girls that the guy confuses remember the victim	plural	singular	singular	confuse	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the kid remembers discourage the father	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel_that	The girls that the man engages avoid the doctor	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel_that	The girls that the singer criticizes observe the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	observes
objrel_that	The girls that the victim remembers engage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel_that	The girls that the woman confuses stimulate the kid	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the boy inspires remember the girl	plural	singular	singular	inspire	remembers
objrel_that	The guys that the friend admires stimulate the mother	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the girl discourages approve the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel_that	The guys that the girl understands greet the man	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_that	The guys that the poet encourages criticize the man	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The kids that the athlete stimulates inspire the victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	inspires
objrel_that	The kids that the aunt confuses engage the poet	plural	singular	singular	confuse	engages
objrel_that	The kids that the boy admires avoid the victim	plural	singular	singular	admire	avoids
objrel_that	The kids that the boy understands engage the mother	plural	singular	singular	understand	engages
objrel_that	The kids that the carpenter knows confuse the girl	plural	singular	singular	know	confuses
objrel_that	The kids that the father remembers discourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel_that	The kids that the girl discourages greet the woman	plural	singular	singular	discourage	greets
objrel_that	The kids that the guy engages stimulate the uncle	plural	singular	singular	engage	stimulates
objrel_that	The kids that the lawyer encourages understand the teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel_that	The kids that the man greets understand the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel_that	The kids that the poet approves engage the victim	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel_that	The kids that the singer greets remember the guy	plural	singular	singular	greet	remembers
objrel_that	The kids that the singer inspires discourage the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspire	discourages
objrel_that	The kids that the uncle criticizes admire the poet	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the woman avoids remember the guy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The lawyers that the aunt avoids confuse the woman	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel_that	The lawyers that the carpenter confuses encourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	confuse	encourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the farmer avoids greet the boy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	greets
objrel_that	The lawyers that the father admires confuse the boy	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel_that	The lawyers that the kid observes know the uncle	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel_that	The lawyers that the man confuses remember the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuse	remembers
objrel_that	The lawyers that the victim inspires confuse the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspire	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the farmer encourages avoid the poet	plural	singular	singular	encourage	avoids
objrel_that	The men that the farmer knows inspire the mother	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel_that	The men that the kid confuses inspire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel_that	The men that the kid discourages admire the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel_that	The men that the lawyer understands avoid the boy	plural	singular	singular	understand	avoids
objrel_that	The men that the mother observes avoid the uncle	plural	singular	singular	observe	avoids
objrel_that	The men that the poet observes remember the boy	plural	singular	singular	observe	remembers
objrel_that	The men that the teacher knows criticize the victim	plural	singular	singular	know	criticizes
objrel_that	The men that the uncle encourages understand the mother	plural	singular	singular	encourage	understands
objrel_that	The men that the woman confuses inspire the victim	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the aunt encourages inspire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the aunt knows inspire the friend	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the father encourages confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourage	confuses
objrel_that	The mothers that the father greets criticize the poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel_that	The mothers that the lawyer observes encourage the man	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the man confuses discourage the farmer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the victim avoids engage the kid	plural	singular	singular	avoid	engages
objrel_that	The mothers that the victim avoids remember the kid	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the carpenter greets admire the mother	plural	singular	singular	greet	admires
objrel_that	The poets that the farmer engages observe the teacher	plural	singular	singular	engage	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the father criticizes understand the mother	plural	singular	singular	criticize	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the father stimulates admire the mother	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	admires
objrel_that	The poets that the father stimulates observe the aunt	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the girl admires engage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel_that	The poets that the lawyer discourages inspire the guy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	inspires
objrel_that	The poets that the man confuses greet the aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_that	The poets that the mother criticizes confuse the uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticize	confuses
objrel_that	The poets that the singer avoids remember the friend	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the singer observes encourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel_that	The poets that the woman understands criticize the kid	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel_that	The singers that the athlete greets encourage the girl	plural	singular	singular	greet	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the athlete observes know the farmer	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel_that	The singers that the aunt remembers greet the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remember	greets
objrel_that	The singers that the boy admires know the athlete	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel_that	The singers that the carpenter knows understand the woman	plural	singular	singular	know	understands
objrel_that	The singers that the girl approves criticize the father	plural	singular	singular	approve	criticizes
objrel_that	The singers that the kid criticizes greet the friend	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel_that	The singers that the lawyer greets know the poet	plural	singular	singular	greet	knows
objrel_that	The singers that the lawyer inspires know the poet	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_that	The singers that the man observes know the boy	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel_that	The singers that the woman remembers stimulate the aunt	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_that	The teachers that the carpenter greets criticize the singer	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel_that	The teachers that the doctor encourages know the guy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	knows
objrel_that	The teachers that the doctor understands criticize the man	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel_that	The teachers that the farmer confuses greet the singer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_that	The teachers that the farmer stimulates discourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	discourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the girl remembers understand the victim	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel_that	The teachers that the girl understands greet the mother	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_that	The teachers that the kid knows greet the uncle	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel_that	The teachers that the mother inspires stimulate the aunt	plural	singular	singular	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that	The teachers that the poet discourages stimulate the father	plural	singular	singular	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The teachers that the uncle encourages discourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	encourage	discourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the victim admires understand the doctor	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel_that	The teachers that the victim inspires avoid the man	plural	singular	singular	inspire	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the victim inspires criticize the mother	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that	The teachers that the woman admires know the doctor	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel_that	The uncles that the aunt understands encourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the doctor discourages encourage the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the father avoids criticize the guy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that	The uncles that the kid confuses discourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	confuse	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the kid greets stimulate the boy	plural	singular	singular	greet	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the lawyer knows engage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	know	engages
objrel_that	The uncles that the lawyer observes discourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	observe	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the man encourages avoid the friend	plural	singular	singular	encourage	avoids
objrel_that	The uncles that the poet engages discourage the girl	plural	singular	singular	engage	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the teacher avoids confuse the athlete	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel_that	The uncles that the teacher observes approve the victim	plural	singular	singular	observe	approves
objrel_that	The victims that the athlete knows engage the friend	plural	singular	singular	know	engages
objrel_that	The victims that the carpenter understands know the doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	knows
objrel_that	The victims that the doctor confuses stimulate the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that	The victims that the guy approves avoid the boy	plural	singular	singular	approve	avoids
objrel_that	The victims that the lawyer knows discourage the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	know	discourages
objrel_that	The victims that the mother avoids understand the woman	plural	singular	singular	avoid	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the singer greets criticize the aunt	plural	singular	singular	greet	criticizes
objrel_that	The victims that the singer understands discourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understand	discourages
objrel_that	The victims that the teacher avoids discourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	avoid	discourages
objrel_that	The victims that the teacher remembers stimulate the friend	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_that	The victims that the uncle confuses stimulate the friend	plural	singular	singular	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that	The women that the aunt inspires know the poet	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_that	The women that the boy criticizes inspire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticize	inspires
objrel_that	The women that the carpenter avoids engage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	engages
objrel_that	The women that the girl avoids know the father	plural	singular	singular	avoid	knows
objrel_that	The women that the lawyer stimulates encourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	encourages
objrel_that	The women that the man inspires encourage the victim	plural	singular	singular	inspire	encourages
objrel_that	The women that the poet observes know the boy	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel_that	The athletes that the man avoids stimulate the teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that	The athletes that the poet stimulates inspire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objrel_that	The athletes that the singer remembers inspire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objrel_that	The athletes that the woman greets remember the teachers	plural	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objrel_that	The aunts that the athlete engages observe the victims	plural	singular	plural	engage	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the farmer approves discourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the guy discourages approve the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel_that	The aunts that the kid confuses avoid the girls	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the man engages greet the guys	plural	singular	plural	engage	greets
objrel_that	The aunts that the man greets stimulate the singers	plural	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objrel_that	The aunts that the mother encourages remember the women	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel_that	The aunts that the teacher avoids confuse the guys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel_that	The aunts that the uncle inspires confuse the women	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel_that	The aunts that the victim greets avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the woman stimulates approve the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel_that	The boys that the athlete greets approve the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greet	approves
objrel_that	The boys that the aunt confuses criticize the kids	plural	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that	The boys that the aunt encourages understand the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objrel_that	The boys that the doctor confuses remember the teachers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel_that	The boys that the farmer observes remember the uncles	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel_that	The boys that the guy criticizes admire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	criticize	admires
objrel_that	The boys that the kid knows criticize the aunts	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel_that	The boys that the man criticizes inspire the friends	plural	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the athlete inspires understand the doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objrel_that	The carpenters that the farmer greets confuse the doctors	plural	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objrel_that	The carpenters that the friend approves know the guys	plural	singular	plural	approve	knows
objrel_that	The carpenters that the friend observes remember the girls	plural	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objrel_that	The carpenters that the guy remembers greet the aunts	plural	singular	plural	remember	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the kid avoids engage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the kid encourages avoid the doctors	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel_that	The carpenters that the lawyer discourages engage the girls	plural	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the poet stimulates encourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the teacher admires engage the men	plural	singular	plural	admire	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the victim greets observe the women	plural	singular	plural	greet	observes
objrel_that	The doctors that the aunt criticizes discourage the men	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the father approves engage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	approve	engages
objrel_that	The doctors that the man avoids admire the aunts	plural	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objrel_that	The doctors that the man inspires greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspire	greets
objrel_that	The doctors that the poet confuses avoid the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel_that	The doctors that the victim understands greet the aunts	plural	singular	plural	understand	greets
objrel_that	The farmers that the athlete discourages engage the boys	plural	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objrel_that	The farmers that the doctor greets encourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the friend admires observe the doctors	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that	The farmers that the friend confuses inspire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel_that	The farmers that the girl discourages inspire the doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objrel_that	The farmers that the guy inspires approve the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel_that	The farmers that the singer understands observe the victims	plural	singular	plural	understand	observes
objrel_that	The farmers that the teacher criticizes inspire the kids	plural	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objrel_that	The farmers that the victim discourages remember the aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objrel_that	The fathers that the carpenter discourages admire the men	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the kid avoids engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objrel_that	The fathers that the man greets avoid the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that	The fathers that the man knows admire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	know	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the victim remembers understand the farmers	plural	singular	plural	remember	understands
objrel_that	The friends that the athlete avoids encourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objrel_that	The friends that the aunt discourages inspire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objrel_that	The friends that the carpenter inspires observe the teachers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objrel_that	The friends that the farmer greets avoid the poets	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that	The friends that the father avoids observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel_that	The friends that the girl observes encourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objrel_that	The friends that the guy discourages observe the teachers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objrel_that	The friends that the guy greets inspire the kids	plural	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objrel_that	The friends that the kid admires observe the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that	The friends that the lawyer admires observe the uncles	plural	singular	plural	admire	observes
objrel_that	The friends that the singer greets engage the girls	plural	singular	plural	greet	engages
objrel_that	The friends that the victim discourages approve the fathers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel_that	The friends that the woman encourages confuse the boys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objrel_that	The girls that the boy discourages understand the farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	understands
objrel_that	The girls that the carpenter observes discourage the friends	plural	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objrel_that	The girls that the carpenter understands avoid the kids	plural	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objrel_that	The girls that the doctor remembers know the aunts	plural	singular	plural	remember	knows
objrel_that	The girls that the farmer knows confuse the athletes	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel_that	The girls that the guy observes discourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objrel_that	The girls that the man approves stimulate the aunts	plural	singular	plural	approve	stimulates
objrel_that	The girls that the man criticizes stimulate the victims	plural	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that	The girls that the man understands engage the guys	plural	singular	plural	understand	engages
objrel_that	The girls that the poet engages greet the aunts	plural	singular	plural	engage	greets
objrel_that	The girls that the uncle greets encourage the guys	plural	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objrel_that	The girls that the victim understands inspire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objrel_that	The girls that the woman engages inspire the aunts	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel_that	The guys that the athlete admires avoid the victims	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the aunt admires confuse the uncles	plural	singular	plural	admire	confuses
objrel_that	The guys that the boy greets observe the mothers	plural	singular	plural	greet	observes
objrel_that	The guys that the doctor avoids observe the friends	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel_that	The guys that the doctor confuses approve the mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objrel_that	The guys that the farmer discourages encourage the mothers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the father approves admire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel_that	The guys that the girl criticizes admire the men	plural	singular	plural	criticize	admires
objrel_that	The guys that the kid greets approve the fathers	plural	singular	plural	greet	approves
objrel_that	The guys that the lawyer criticizes encourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the man criticizes confuse the fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objrel_that	The guys that the poet admires criticize the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objrel_that	The guys that the singer greets remember the teachers	plural	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objrel_that	The guys that the teacher criticizes understand the friends	plural	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objrel_that	The guys that the woman understands approve the aunts	plural	singular	plural	understand	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the doctor stimulates inspire the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objrel_that	The kids that the farmer inspires criticize the aunts	plural	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that	The kids that the girl greets confuse the fathers	plural	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objrel_that	The kids that the poet confuses criticize the aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that	The kids that the singer encourages admire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the uncle knows approve the mothers	plural	singular	plural	know	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the athlete discourages encourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the farmer discourages admire the kids	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the father approves avoid the men	plural	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objrel_that	The lawyers that the friend engages admire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	engage	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the girl understands approve the victims	plural	singular	plural	understand	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the kid knows admire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	know	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the poet criticizes understand the athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objrel_that	The lawyers that the poet engages know the athletes	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel_that	The lawyers that the teacher criticizes engage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the teacher encourages confuse the farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objrel_that	The lawyers that the teacher encourages remember the mothers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel_that	The men that the aunt engages criticize the uncles	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel_that	The men that the aunt engages greet the farmers	plural	singular	plural	engage	greets
objrel_that	The men that the aunt greets confuse the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the aunt understands remember the fathers	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel_that	The men that the boy confuses know the guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objrel_that	The men that the doctor avoids know the boys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_that	The men that the farmer observes discourage the women	plural	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objrel_that	The men that the friend stimulates confuse the singers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that	The men that the kid remembers admire the friends	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel_that	The men that the lawyer admires know the aunts	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel_that	The men that the singer engages inspire the girls	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel_that	The men that the singer remembers admire the poets	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel_that	The mothers that the boy stimulates admire the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objrel_that	The mothers that the carpenter discourages remember the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	remembers
objrel_that	The mothers that the girl greets approve the kids	plural	singular	plural	greet	approves
objrel_that	The mothers that the guy criticizes greet the doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objrel_that	The mothers that the kid inspires greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspire	greets
objrel_that	The mothers that the poet admires avoid the athletes	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel_that	The mothers that the poet admires discourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the poet inspires approve the singers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel_that	The mothers that the singer observes engage the women	plural	singular	plural	observe	engages
objrel_that	The mothers that the uncle approves admire the men	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel_that	The mothers that the victim remembers know the teachers	plural	singular	plural	remember	knows
objrel_that	The poets that the doctor criticizes avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objrel_that	The poets that the father greets admire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel_that	The poets that the girl inspires encourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objrel_that	The poets that the lawyer confuses observe the teachers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the lawyer stimulates avoid the women	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objrel_that	The poets that the man encourages stimulate the victims	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The poets that the singer inspires discourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel_that	The poets that the uncle discourages observe the mothers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the victim encourages greet the athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel_that	The poets that the victim encourages remember the teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the woman encourages inspire the boys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel_that	The singers that the aunt understands discourage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objrel_that	The singers that the doctor observes stimulate the friends	plural	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objrel_that	The singers that the farmer engages admire the aunts	plural	singular	plural	engage	admires
objrel_that	The singers that the guy stimulates engage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objrel_that	The singers that the lawyer confuses approve the victims	plural	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objrel_that	The singers that the mother criticizes encourage the kids	plural	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the uncle observes inspire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objrel_that	The singers that the victim confuses remember the guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objrel_that	The teachers that the athlete engages know the fathers	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel_that	The teachers that the aunt avoids admire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objrel_that	The teachers that the aunt engages confuse the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objrel_that	The teachers that the carpenter engages remember the friends	plural	singular	plural	engage	remembers
objrel_that	The teachers that the farmer understands discourage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objrel_that	The teachers that the father discourages stimulate the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objrel_that	The teachers that the kid criticizes confuse the girls	plural	singular	plural	criticize	confuses
objrel_that	The teachers that the mother greets avoid the kids	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the mother greets understand the doctors	plural	singular	plural	greet	understands
objrel_that	The teachers that the mother stimulates confuse the singers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objrel_that	The uncles that the athlete inspires engage the guys	plural	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objrel_that	The uncles that the boy greets approve the aunts	plural	singular	plural	greet	approves
objrel_that	The uncles that the guy greets inspire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the lawyer approves encourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the man remembers stimulate the doctors	plural	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the mother confuses stimulate the women	plural	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the poet admires avoid the girls	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel_that	The uncles that the teacher encourages greet the women	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel_that	The uncles that the teacher knows avoid the men	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel_that	The uncles that the victim approves avoid the farmers	plural	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objrel_that	The uncles that the woman encourages approve the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel_that	The victims that the aunt stimulates greet the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objrel_that	The victims that the doctor avoids stimulate the boys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that	The victims that the father stimulates avoid the teachers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objrel_that	The victims that the girl observes admire the kids	plural	singular	plural	observe	admires
objrel_that	The victims that the kid criticizes inspire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objrel_that	The victims that the kid remembers admire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel_that	The victims that the kid stimulates criticize the doctors	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_that	The victims that the mother criticizes remember the singers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the singer inspires engage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objrel_that	The victims that the teacher remembers approve the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel_that	The women that the athlete confuses observe the teachers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel_that	The women that the aunt remembers criticize the athletes	plural	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objrel_that	The women that the carpenter greets criticize the poets	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel_that	The women that the carpenter inspires criticize the fathers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that	The women that the farmer admires encourage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objrel_that	The women that the father remembers observe the uncles	plural	singular	plural	remember	observes
objrel_that	The women that the girl discourages criticize the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The women that the guy admires discourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objrel_that	The women that the lawyer knows criticize the uncles	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel_that	The women that the man approves observe the aunts	plural	singular	plural	approve	observes
objrel_that	The women that the man remembers avoid the victims	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel_that	The women that the poet discourages approve the friends	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel_that	The women that the poet understands know the men	plural	singular	plural	understand	knows
objrel_that	The women that the singer avoids greet the uncles	plural	singular	plural	avoid	greets
objrel_that	The women that the singer encourages criticize the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that	The athletes that the aunts approve confuse the guy	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel_that	The athletes that the farmers observe greet the kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel_that	The athletes that the friends engage know the boy	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel_that	The athletes that the girls approve stimulate the aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
objrel_that	The athletes that the teachers discourage remember the friend	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
objrel_that	The athletes that the uncles discourage encourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the uncles inspire know the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel_that	The aunts that the fathers encourage remember the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
objrel_that	The aunts that the friends inspire observe the mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the girls approve know the mother	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
objrel_that	The aunts that the guys engage inspire the singer	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
objrel_that	The aunts that the poets encourage observe the singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the singers engage admire the friend	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
objrel_that	The aunts that the singers inspire remember the uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel_that	The boys that the carpenters admire remember the woman	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
objrel_that	The boys that the carpenters avoid stimulate the guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the carpenters greet avoid the poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel_that	The boys that the doctors encourage avoid the farmer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
objrel_that	The boys that the fathers approve criticize the doctor	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
objrel_that	The boys that the fathers stimulate encourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that	The boys that the girls avoid greet the poet	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
objrel_that	The boys that the girls know admire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel_that	The boys that the girls know criticize the singer	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel_that	The boys that the girls know engage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
objrel_that	The boys that the lawyers know admire the woman	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel_that	The boys that the men greet engage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel_that	The boys that the men remember confuse the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
objrel_that	The boys that the poets discourage stimulate the athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the teachers confuse criticize the doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that	The boys that the teachers inspire observe the mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
objrel_that	The boys that the teachers observe stimulate the aunt	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the boys criticize stimulate the mother	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_that	The carpenters that the boys encourage avoid the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
objrel_that	The carpenters that the boys stimulate avoid the uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that	The carpenters that the men understand remember the friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
objrel_that	The carpenters that the mothers stimulate confuse the farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuses
objrel_that	The carpenters that the singers understand greet the athlete	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the victims greet confuse the athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_that	The doctors that the athletes observe criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel_that	The doctors that the aunts engage encourage the man	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the farmers admire avoid the father	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
objrel_that	The doctors that the fathers approve discourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the fathers inspire encourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the friends inspire confuse the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
objrel_that	The doctors that the kids remember observe the victim	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel_that	The doctors that the men criticize remember the guy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the mothers admire know the teacher	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
objrel_that	The doctors that the mothers inspire greet the teacher	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
objrel_that	The doctors that the singers discourage remember the athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the teachers confuse encourage the mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the uncles discourage engage the guy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
objrel_that	The doctors that the uncles know remember the athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the uncles stimulate admire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel_that	The doctors that the victims avoid confuse the man	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
objrel_that	The doctors that the women greet discourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
objrel_that	The farmers that the boys confuse avoid the woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
objrel_that	The farmers that the lawyers stimulate engage the poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
objrel_that	The farmers that the men stimulate confuse the kid	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuses
objrel_that	The farmers that the mothers confuse observe the athlete	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
objrel_that	The fathers that the athletes admire remember the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
objrel_that	The fathers that the athletes observe discourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the athletes observe understand the victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
objrel_that	The fathers that the carpenters inspire remember the poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel_that	The fathers that the doctors approve encourage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the farmers approve inspire the friend	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspires
objrel_that	The fathers that the friends remember engage the mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
objrel_that	The fathers that the girls admire understand the friend	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
objrel_that	The fathers that the girls understand confuse the uncle	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
objrel_that	The fathers that the guys observe inspire the farmer	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
objrel_that	The fathers that the guys understand observe the victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
objrel_that	The fathers that the kids confuse encourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the kids confuse greet the woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel_that	The fathers that the men approve encourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the mothers know encourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the poets avoid greet the girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
objrel_that	The fathers that the poets greet criticize the teacher	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
objrel_that	The fathers that the singers encourage approve the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
objrel_that	The fathers that the singers engage confuse the guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
objrel_that	The fathers that the teachers greet admire the poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the victims greet avoid the kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel_that	The friends that the athletes stimulate greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel_that	The friends that the aunts greet confuse the guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_that	The friends that the girls understand avoid the teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel_that	The friends that the men encourage criticize the guy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
objrel_that	The friends that the men understand avoid the doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel_that	The friends that the mothers admire avoid the father	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
objrel_that	The friends that the singers observe know the victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
objrel_that	The friends that the teachers encourage admire the woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel_that	The friends that the victims greet engage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel_that	The girls that the athletes avoid understand the friend	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
objrel_that	The girls that the athletes remember admire the friend	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
objrel_that	The girls that the aunts avoid discourage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
objrel_that	The girls that the carpenters observe criticize the victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel_that	The girls that the friends discourage confuse the singer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
objrel_that	The girls that the guys engage know the man	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel_that	The girls that the kids understand admire the uncle	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel_that	The girls that the men engage know the victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel_that	The girls that the men observe avoid the friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel_that	The girls that the poets criticize remember the friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
objrel_that	The girls that the uncles approve confuse the singer	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel_that	The girls that the women encourage understand the friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
objrel_that	The guys that the aunts criticize avoid the athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the carpenters greet confuse the mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_that	The guys that the fathers confuse greet the athlete	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel_that	The guys that the fathers encourage approve the teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
objrel_that	The guys that the friends criticize encourage the kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the kids confuse observe the aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
objrel_that	The guys that the lawyers discourage understand the kid	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
objrel_that	The guys that the men encourage approve the farmer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
objrel_that	The guys that the mothers understand engage the victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
objrel_that	The guys that the poets encourage stimulate the man	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
objrel_that	The guys that the poets engage know the athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the victims inspire criticize the kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
objrel_that	The kids that the boys discourage know the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
objrel_that	The kids that the doctors confuse criticize the uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that	The kids that the farmers understand approve the woman	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the girls confuse greet the aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel_that	The kids that the guys criticize know the poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel_that	The kids that the lawyers greet remember the poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel_that	The kids that the lawyers know admire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the mothers engage encourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel_that	The kids that the poets engage observe the man	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel_that	The kids that the poets understand approve the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the women encourage know the father	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_that	The lawyers that the farmers discourage approve the father	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the fathers admire criticize the poet	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the girls discourage admire the athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the girls greet confuse the farmer	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_that	The lawyers that the kids discourage engage the poet	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the men engage inspire the woman	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the singers admire stimulate the kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
objrel_that	The lawyers that the teachers observe encourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the uncles confuse inspire the athlete	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel_that	The men that the doctors know criticize the farmer	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel_that	The men that the friends approve avoid the poet	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
objrel_that	The men that the friends encourage inspire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
objrel_that	The men that the guys remember admire the mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
objrel_that	The men that the uncles confuse encourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
objrel_that	The men that the uncles criticize know the kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the boys admire inspire the friend	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the boys confuse greet the friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel_that	The mothers that the boys discourage admire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
objrel_that	The mothers that the doctors greet inspire the girl	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the fathers know engage the guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
objrel_that	The mothers that the friends avoid greet the man	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
objrel_that	The mothers that the girls inspire understand the friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
objrel_that	The mothers that the guys avoid know the farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the kids approve encourage the father	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the kids greet observe the farmer	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
objrel_that	The mothers that the teachers observe engage the woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
objrel_that	The mothers that the teachers understand approve the aunt	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
objrel_that	The mothers that the uncles greet avoid the singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel_that	The mothers that the uncles greet understand the teacher	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
objrel_that	The mothers that the uncles inspire remember the singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
objrel_that	The mothers that the victims greet confuse the poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_that	The mothers that the women observe stimulate the boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel_that	The poets that the athletes remember know the boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
objrel_that	The poets that the fathers avoid remember the aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the fathers engage inspire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
objrel_that	The poets that the guys observe confuse the woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
objrel_that	The poets that the lawyers encourage engage the friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
objrel_that	The poets that the mothers stimulate approve the doctor	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
objrel_that	The poets that the singers encourage discourage the girl	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
objrel_that	The singers that the boys avoid encourage the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the boys engage avoid the girl	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel_that	The singers that the boys understand know the mother	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
objrel_that	The singers that the friends remember approve the uncle	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
objrel_that	The singers that the kids observe understand the man	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
objrel_that	The singers that the teachers remember inspire the woman	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel_that	The singers that the teachers understand inspire the athlete	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
objrel_that	The singers that the women approve remember the poet	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
objrel_that	The teachers that the aunts know observe the boy	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
objrel_that	The teachers that the boys avoid inspire the girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
objrel_that	The teachers that the farmers discourage observe the athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observes
objrel_that	The teachers that the kids engage stimulate the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel_that	The teachers that the mothers remember avoid the man	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the singers know admire the kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel_that	The teachers that the victims engage admire the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
objrel_that	The teachers that the victims observe avoid the doctor	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel_that	The uncles that the athletes inspire confuse the boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
objrel_that	The uncles that the carpenters stimulate remember the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that	The uncles that the doctors inspire confuse the boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
objrel_that	The uncles that the friends stimulate observe the man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
objrel_that	The uncles that the guys discourage criticize the woman	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that	The uncles that the lawyers admire avoid the victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
objrel_that	The uncles that the men greet criticize the kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
objrel_that	The uncles that the mothers greet observe the victim	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
objrel_that	The uncles that the mothers stimulate understand the kid	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
objrel_that	The uncles that the singers inspire encourage the girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
objrel_that	The victims that the athletes criticize know the kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel_that	The victims that the aunts stimulate understand the teacher	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
objrel_that	The victims that the fathers greet criticize the poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
objrel_that	The victims that the men observe greet the friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel_that	The victims that the poets discourage approve the father	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_that	The victims that the poets encourage stimulate the woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
objrel_that	The women that the athletes discourage criticize the uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
objrel_that	The women that the doctors know remember the man	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel_that	The women that the guys understand confuse the man	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
objrel_that	The women that the poets criticize understand the father	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
objrel_that	The women that the singers engage admire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
objrel_that	The athletes that the men avoid discourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objrel_that	The athletes that the mothers approve greet the aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel_that	The athletes that the victims confuse observe the men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel_that	The aunts that the boys approve engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objrel_that	The aunts that the carpenters engage remember the doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The aunts that the carpenters know encourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the carpenters observe engage the girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel_that	The aunts that the friends approve stimulate the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objrel_that	The aunts that the girls observe discourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
objrel_that	The aunts that the lawyers discourage avoid the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel_that	The aunts that the lawyers stimulate confuse the girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objrel_that	The aunts that the singers stimulate criticize the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that	The aunts that the victims avoid discourage the women	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objrel_that	The boys that the aunts discourage admire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel_that	The boys that the aunts engage approve the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objrel_that	The boys that the carpenters discourage understand the aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that	The boys that the doctors approve criticize the women	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel_that	The boys that the fathers encourage admire the poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objrel_that	The boys that the friends admire remember the poets	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objrel_that	The boys that the friends criticize inspire the doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that	The boys that the friends encourage inspire the women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel_that	The boys that the girls approve confuse the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objrel_that	The boys that the kids inspire know the doctors	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel_that	The boys that the lawyers understand stimulate the singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the mothers confuse discourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel_that	The boys that the mothers encourage confuse the farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objrel_that	The boys that the uncles criticize stimulate the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_that	The boys that the victims discourage admire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the athletes know criticize the women	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the fathers avoid engage the friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the fathers avoid greet the poets	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
objrel_that	The carpenters that the friends observe criticize the guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel_that	The carpenters that the kids engage discourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel_that	The carpenters that the mothers stimulate admire the boys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the singers understand inspire the doctors	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the uncles observe inspire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objrel_that	The carpenters that the women avoid remember the victims	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objrel_that	The carpenters that the women criticize know the uncles	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objrel_that	The doctors that the farmers criticize greet the uncles	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel_that	The doctors that the lawyers inspire encourage the men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the mothers stimulate inspire the singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that	The doctors that the teachers engage remember the girls	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel_that	The doctors that the victims greet discourage the poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objrel_that	The doctors that the women confuse stimulate the aunts	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that	The farmers that the carpenters inspire approve the teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel_that	The farmers that the guys admire stimulate the women	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel_that	The farmers that the men approve remember the girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel_that	The farmers that the mothers confuse stimulate the friends	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that	The farmers that the poets discourage engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel_that	The farmers that the teachers admire discourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objrel_that	The fathers that the aunts avoid admire the doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objrel_that	The fathers that the aunts observe criticize the mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel_that	The fathers that the doctors greet know the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objrel_that	The fathers that the lawyers inspire confuse the friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel_that	The fathers that the uncles know understand the boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objrel_that	The fathers that the uncles know understand the farmers	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objrel_that	The fathers that the women avoid engage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel_that	The fathers that the women criticize inspire the friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that	The friends that the athletes engage confuse the poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that	The friends that the athletes engage stimulate the men	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel_that	The friends that the athletes remember inspire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel_that	The friends that the boys understand confuse the mothers	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objrel_that	The friends that the guys discourage observe the girls	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objrel_that	The friends that the lawyers observe criticize the aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel_that	The friends that the singers understand confuse the women	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objrel_that	The friends that the uncles encourage greet the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objrel_that	The friends that the women criticize greet the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel_that	The girls that the farmers criticize stimulate the teachers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_that	The girls that the guys observe confuse the poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objrel_that	The girls that the poets confuse criticize the singers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that	The girls that the uncles encourage avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel_that	The guys that the boys encourage inspire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel_that	The guys that the farmers approve greet the athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel_that	The guys that the friends engage admire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objrel_that	The guys that the friends observe greet the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objrel_that	The guys that the lawyers observe inspire the singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objrel_that	The guys that the mothers admire know the girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objrel_that	The guys that the poets remember encourage the women	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objrel_that	The guys that the uncles approve remember the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel_that	The guys that the victims remember discourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel_that	The kids that the athletes discourage avoid the mothers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel_that	The kids that the athletes understand approve the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel_that	The kids that the aunts greet admire the poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the aunts inspire admire the poets	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objrel_that	The kids that the fathers engage criticize the poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objrel_that	The kids that the fathers inspire discourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objrel_that	The kids that the friends engage understand the poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objrel_that	The kids that the mothers understand remember the fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objrel_that	The kids that the poets approve engage the guys	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objrel_that	The kids that the poets know avoid the singers	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objrel_that	The lawyers that the aunts know approve the mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objrel_that	The lawyers that the doctors observe criticize the aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the doctors remember discourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the farmers confuse remember the fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objrel_that	The lawyers that the fathers approve admire the kids	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objrel_that	The lawyers that the fathers approve criticize the friends	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the fathers greet encourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the fathers observe engage the girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the guys admire engage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objrel_that	The lawyers that the singers avoid criticize the guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objrel_that	The lawyers that the teachers encourage greet the girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objrel_that	The lawyers that the women admire observe the uncles	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objrel_that	The men that the aunts avoid observe the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objrel_that	The men that the aunts encourage approve the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel_that	The men that the boys discourage stimulate the mothers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that	The men that the doctors observe stimulate the victims	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objrel_that	The men that the farmers avoid encourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objrel_that	The men that the farmers know observe the athletes	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objrel_that	The men that the fathers encourage greet the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objrel_that	The men that the guys inspire criticize the poets	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objrel_that	The men that the lawyers greet engage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objrel_that	The men that the teachers avoid stimulate the victims	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that	The men that the victims engage admire the uncles	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objrel_that	The mothers that the athletes avoid observe the guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objrel_that	The mothers that the athletes confuse admire the boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objrel_that	The mothers that the aunts admire greet the friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objrel_that	The mothers that the aunts understand inspire the women	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objrel_that	The mothers that the carpenters engage greet the boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objrel_that	The mothers that the carpenters observe discourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the doctors engage discourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel_that	The mothers that the doctors engage understand the farmers	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objrel_that	The mothers that the doctors stimulate know the victims	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objrel_that	The mothers that the girls discourage confuse the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objrel_that	The mothers that the kids avoid observe the aunts	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objrel_that	The mothers that the kids remember approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel_that	The poets that the aunts criticize avoid the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel_that	The poets that the boys remember avoid the doctors	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objrel_that	The poets that the carpenters discourage approve the mothers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel_that	The poets that the carpenters greet observe the doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the farmers know confuse the fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objrel_that	The poets that the farmers know remember the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objrel_that	The poets that the fathers stimulate admire the women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objrel_that	The poets that the friends confuse greet the teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objrel_that	The poets that the girls understand approve the doctors	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel_that	The poets that the kids know admire the guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objrel_that	The poets that the kids know observe the aunts	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the lawyers admire encourage the doctors	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objrel_that	The poets that the men encourage understand the singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the men observe stimulate the kids	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objrel_that	The poets that the mothers greet criticize the athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objrel_that	The poets that the teachers approve greet the farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel_that	The poets that the uncles admire understand the guys	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objrel_that	The poets that the uncles confuse observe the doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel_that	The poets that the women encourage approve the victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel_that	The singers that the boys approve discourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel_that	The singers that the farmers encourage admire the kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
objrel_that	The singers that the fathers remember greet the girls	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
objrel_that	The singers that the guys encourage avoid the doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel_that	The singers that the guys inspire encourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the kids criticize inspire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that	The singers that the kids greet remember the teachers	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objrel_that	The singers that the kids understand discourage the poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objrel_that	The singers that the mothers engage encourage the kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objrel_that	The singers that the poets engage understand the girls	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objrel_that	The singers that the teachers remember understand the uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objrel_that	The singers that the women criticize approve the men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objrel_that	The teachers that the carpenters greet avoid the farmers	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objrel_that	The teachers that the fathers approve admire the girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objrel_that	The teachers that the girls know greet the friends	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objrel_that	The teachers that the kids inspire know the doctors	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
objrel_that	The teachers that the men criticize greet the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel_that	The teachers that the poets remember criticize the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objrel_that	The teachers that the uncles avoid know the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
objrel_that	The teachers that the uncles encourage confuse the guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objrel_that	The teachers that the victims admire know the boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objrel_that	The teachers that the victims greet admire the poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel_that	The uncles that the athletes avoid discourage the aunts	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objrel_that	The uncles that the athletes inspire approve the farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel_that	The uncles that the aunts remember stimulate the boys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that	The uncles that the boys discourage understand the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that	The uncles that the boys know engage the kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objrel_that	The uncles that the farmers greet avoid the athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objrel_that	The uncles that the fathers encourage confuse the aunts	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objrel_that	The uncles that the guys greet inspire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the guys stimulate inspire the women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that	The uncles that the poets discourage engage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel_that	The victims that the athletes confuse discourage the women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel_that	The victims that the boys observe remember the teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objrel_that	The victims that the boys stimulate admire the men	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objrel_that	The victims that the carpenters observe encourage the fathers	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objrel_that	The victims that the farmers admire greet the poets	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objrel_that	The victims that the fathers remember stimulate the uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that	The victims that the friends approve greet the girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel_that	The victims that the poets engage discourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel_that	The victims that the singers avoid observe the aunts	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objrel_that	The victims that the singers encourage avoid the uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel_that	The victims that the teachers inspire greet the farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objrel_that	The victims that the women inspire observe the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objrel_that	The women that the athletes confuse discourage the boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel_that	The women that the athletes inspire avoid the mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objrel_that	The women that the athletes stimulate know the kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
objrel_that	The women that the aunts greet approve the uncles	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objrel_that	The women that the carpenters understand approve the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel_that	The women that the farmers remember discourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel_that	The women that the fathers confuse approve the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel_that	The women that the poets discourage stimulate the victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that	The women that the poets know stimulate the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
objrel_that	The women that the poets observe understand the teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel_that	The women that the teachers discourage know the mothers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objrel_that	The women that the uncles avoid inspire the fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The athlete that admires the aunt engages the guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
subjrel_that	The athlete that admires the guy confuses the victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The athlete that admires the man avoids the victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The athlete that admires the mother approves the doctor	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The athlete that admires the teacher criticizes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The athlete that engages the teacher approves the man	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the poet criticizes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The aunt that admires the lawyer remembers the guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The aunt that approves the mother confuses the teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The aunt that approves the teacher stimulates the victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The aunt that avoids the man understands the farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The aunt that criticizes the poet admires the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that discourages the carpenter stimulates the doctor	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The aunt that encourages the guy observes the farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that engages the man criticizes the doctor	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
subjrel_that	The aunt that engages the poet discourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that greets the lawyer remembers the boy	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The aunt that knows the doctor encourages the father	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that knows the teacher remembers the friend	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that	The aunt that observes the uncle avoids the doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The aunt that remembers the victim admires the father	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that understands the father encourages the farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that understands the poet discourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The boy that approves the girl inspires the poet	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that	The boy that approves the singer confuses the victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The boy that confuses the father avoids the girl	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The boy that criticizes the girl inspires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that	The boy that criticizes the girl remembers the victim	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The boy that criticizes the uncle approves the woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The boy that discourages the poet admires the friend	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The boy that greets the victim approves the man	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the father confuses the teacher	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the mother admires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The boy that knows the man stimulates the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that	The boy that observes the farmer greets the father	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The boy that observes the kid understands the mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The boy that understands the friend remembers the kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that	The carpenter that admires the girl avoids the athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The carpenter that avoids the singer confuses the doctor	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that avoids the teacher remembers the father	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that	The carpenter that criticizes the girl avoids the father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The carpenter that discourages the guy inspires the friend	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that discourages the man encourages the boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that discourages the uncle confuses the boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that engages the farmer admires the kid	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that greets the singer avoids the girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The carpenter that observes the aunt admires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that stimulates the victim confuses the woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The doctor that admires the victim knows the uncle	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that	The doctor that confuses the father engages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The doctor that confuses the girl avoids the friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that discourages the friend stimulates the man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The doctor that encourages the farmer approves the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that engages the mother knows the teacher	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that	The doctor that greets the guy understands the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the father understands the athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The doctor that knows the carpenter encourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that knows the friend avoids the victim	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that knows the lawyer approves the guy	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that understands the boy observes the kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The doctor that understands the father greets the mother	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that admires the father approves the friend	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The farmer that admires the mother encourages the victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that approves the guy avoids the aunt	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The farmer that avoids the man admires the victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The farmer that discourages the aunt avoids the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The farmer that encourages the kid admires the mother	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The farmer that encourages the victim criticizes the father	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The farmer that engages the uncle stimulates the athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The farmer that knows the doctor discourages the father	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that remembers the woman encourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that stimulates the carpenter confuses the teacher	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The farmer that understands the teacher discourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The father that admires the girl approves the doctor	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The father that approves the farmer understands the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The father that encourages the man approves the kid	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The father that greets the aunt knows the friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that	The father that greets the boy understands the woman	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that	The father that greets the victim stimulates the friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The father that inspires the athlete confuses the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that stimulates the friend engages the man	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The father that understands the singer observes the man	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that approves the father criticizes the poet	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The friend that approves the victim greets the mother	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The friend that avoids the doctor knows the teacher	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The friend that discourages the aunt confuses the athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The friend that discourages the girl confuses the boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The friend that discourages the victim observes the kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that engages the farmer stimulates the man	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The friend that engages the guy observes the woman	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that greets the guy avoids the victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The friend that inspires the farmer greets the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The friend that observes the farmer inspires the father	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that	The friend that understands the aunt admires the poet	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The friend that understands the father avoids the farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that admires the boy encourages the guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The girl that admires the singer knows the mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that	The girl that approves the mother greets the poet	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The girl that confuses the uncle encourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the friend approves the athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the poet remembers the doctor	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the victim admires the friend	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The girl that knows the lawyer inspires the athlete	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the guy discourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that	The guy that admires the boy remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The guy that admires the father approves the man	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the athlete admires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the teacher remembers the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that	The guy that criticizes the aunt encourages the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that	The guy that discourages the poet admires the singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that encourages the athlete admires the father	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that engages the kid approves the woman	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the athlete encourages the aunt	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The guy that knows the carpenter admires the uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that knows the doctor remembers the kid	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that	The guy that stimulates the lawyer knows the girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the singer inspires the doctor	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that avoids the teacher approves the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The kid that confuses the father inspires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the carpenter stimulates the aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the farmer approves the poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the man inspires the poet	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the teacher approves the athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the teacher inspires the farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that inspires the athlete encourages the friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The kid that knows the carpenter inspires the boy	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that knows the friend encourages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The kid that knows the man avoids the poet	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that knows the uncle stimulates the farmer	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that	The kid that remembers the man admires the woman	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that approves the aunt discourages the mother	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that avoids the carpenter greets the uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The lawyer that avoids the guy inspires the boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that discourages the boy greets the man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The lawyer that encourages the boy confuses the athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The lawyer that engages the girl admires the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that inspires the doctor observes the singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The lawyer that knows the doctor avoids the teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The lawyer that knows the mother remembers the man	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the guy confuses the aunt	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the poet admires the woman	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the victim approves the man	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The lawyer that stimulates the kid greets the woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The lawyer that stimulates the kid inspires the aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that understands the victim engages the boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The man that discourages the teacher admires the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The man that engages the poet admires the singer	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The man that greets the father criticizes the aunt	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The man that inspires the singer criticizes the teacher	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that	The man that inspires the teacher engages the friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
subjrel_that	The man that knows the aunt approves the kid	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
subjrel_that	The man that observes the kid stimulates the victim	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The mother that criticizes the woman approves the girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The mother that encourages the lawyer understands the woman	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the guy confuses the kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the lawyer encourages the uncle	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the uncle understands the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The mother that knows the athlete discourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The poet that admires the boy criticizes the uncle	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The poet that inspires the uncle admires the girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The poet that observes the athlete engages the singer	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The poet that understands the farmer avoids the boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the friend admires the man	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The singer that confuses the girl encourages the victim	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that	The singer that encourages the teacher observes the father	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The singer that knows the teacher approves the girl	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that stimulates the man approves the boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that understands the father greets the teacher	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The singer that understands the woman discourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that discourages the singer encourages the kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the aunt avoids the guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the boy criticizes the mother	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The teacher that understands the kid approves the guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that	The uncle that admires the girl criticizes the man	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The uncle that admires the singer encourages the woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that avoids the boy admires the lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The uncle that confuses the woman inspires the friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The uncle that discourages the carpenter inspires the girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the kid encourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the mother criticizes the man	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The uncle that knows the guy understands the victim	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that	The uncle that understands the man discourages the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the singer admires the teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The victim that avoids the father greets the athlete	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the farmer stimulates the kid	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that	The victim that criticizes the uncle discourages the poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The victim that discourages the aunt engages the athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The victim that discourages the boy approves the aunt	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The victim that encourages the boy knows the aunt	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
subjrel_that	The victim that engages the poet inspires the guy	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that greets the doctor knows the carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that	The victim that remembers the uncle observes the mother	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The woman that admires the father encourages the victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that admires the friend avoids the uncle	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The woman that discourages the guy understands the boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the carpenter remembers the kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the father confuses the mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The woman that remembers the poet encourages the teacher	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that stimulates the kid remembers the poet	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The woman that understands the poet stimulates the friend	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that	The athlete that criticizes the lawyer stimulates the aunts	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that	The athlete that criticizes the woman discourages the men	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that discourages the mother avoids the victims	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The athlete that discourages the uncle inspires the kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The athlete that encourages the father engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The athlete that encourages the girl observes the kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The athlete that knows the boy discourages the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that observes the mother approves the boys	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The athlete that observes the teacher discourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that remembers the guy stimulates the men	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The athlete that understands the woman engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that	The aunt that approves the uncle criticizes the guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The aunt that avoids the farmer greets the girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
subjrel_that	The aunt that criticizes the guy approves the mothers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The aunt that discourages the doctor confuses the fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The aunt that greets the athlete criticizes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The aunt that knows the boy greets the mothers	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
subjrel_that	The aunt that observes the farmer approves the kids	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The aunt that remembers the doctor knows the boys	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
subjrel_that	The aunt that stimulates the farmer avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The aunt that stimulates the poet greets the mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The boy that admires the lawyer understands the athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that	The boy that avoids the man approves the athletes	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The boy that avoids the poet discourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that	The boy that criticizes the mother approves the victims	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The boy that criticizes the singer knows the kids	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The boy that discourages the carpenter engages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that encourages the friend avoids the women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The boy that encourages the kid observes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The boy that greets the athlete remembers the women	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The boy that greets the kid engages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that greets the mother observes the men	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the kid remembers the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that	The boy that stimulates the singer discourages the uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that approves the man stimulates the uncles	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The carpenter that avoids the guy confuses the poets	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that confuses the doctor understands the friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The carpenter that criticizes the athlete observes the doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The carpenter that criticizes the friend inspires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that encourages the mother observes the fathers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The carpenter that encourages the poet discourages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that inspires the kid greets the girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The carpenter that observes the mother confuses the uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that remembers the lawyer inspires the mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that remembers the singer confuses the friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that stimulates the singer understands the guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that	The carpenter that understands the mother encourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that admires the lawyer approves the kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that admires the mother remembers the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The doctor that confuses the friend approves the kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that	The doctor that confuses the teacher inspires the kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The doctor that criticizes the girl inspires the teachers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that	The doctor that greets the lawyer admires the women	singular	singular	plural	greet	admire
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the father understands the friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the singer encourages the athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that knows the kid confuses the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The doctor that knows the singer engages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that	The doctor that observes the father inspires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
subjrel_that	The doctor that stimulates the guy inspires the women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The doctor that stimulates the poet greets the singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that admires the man knows the doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
subjrel_that	The farmer that greets the man knows the girls	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that	The farmer that greets the poet approves the doctors	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The farmer that knows the friend criticizes the girls	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The farmer that remembers the woman observes the friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The farmer that stimulates the teacher inspires the girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The farmer that understands the carpenter admires the doctors	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The father that admires the singer understands the aunts	singular	singular	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that	The father that admires the woman encourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The father that encourages the man approves the aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The father that engages the aunt criticizes the victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that	The father that greets the doctor confuses the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that stimulates the guy knows the singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
subjrel_that	The father that stimulates the teacher engages the men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The friend that approves the victim discourages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that avoids the athlete stimulates the aunts	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The friend that greets the boy engages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The friend that greets the boy inspires the women	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the aunt remembers the fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
subjrel_that	The friend that remembers the boy inspires the guys	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
subjrel_that	The friend that remembers the poet discourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that remembers the singer stimulates the poets	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The friend that understands the man knows the boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that	The girl that confuses the victim inspires the boys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the kid inspires the women	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the lawyer greets the boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The girl that inspires the singer stimulates the boys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the father inspires the singers	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the kid understands the women	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the boy avoids the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that understands the doctor admires the singers	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that	The girl that understands the father knows the athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the lawyer greets the poets	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The guy that avoids the athlete knows the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The guy that avoids the singer approves the kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The guy that criticizes the kid discourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The guy that understands the athlete greets the poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the singer stimulates the farmers	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The kid that approves the man confuses the poets	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The kid that confuses the athlete greets the boys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the woman discourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The kid that encourages the friend discourages the poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that	The kid that knows the lawyer observes the men	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
subjrel_that	The kid that remembers the friend observes the athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The kid that remembers the mother stimulates the poets	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The kid that remembers the singer stimulates the girls	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the woman avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the woman confuses the uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The lawyer that avoids the aunt knows the doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that avoids the mother knows the boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The lawyer that avoids the singer admires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that confuses the aunt encourages the girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that confuses the friend remembers the mothers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that	The lawyer that discourages the uncle understands the athletes	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that	The lawyer that encourages the guy avoids the victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The lawyer that engages the athlete discourages the victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that inspires the aunt approves the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The lawyer that inspires the guy understands the women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The lawyer that knows the doctor criticizes the teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The lawyer that understands the uncle stimulates the boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that	The man that confuses the father admires the women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The man that discourages the guy remembers the fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the guy understands the friends	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The man that engages the aunt confuses the carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that engages the lawyer knows the boys	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that	The man that greets the mother encourages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that	The man that observes the guy engages the aunts	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The man that understands the boy stimulates the women	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that	The mother that admires the singer stimulates the men	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The mother that approves the carpenter confuses the men	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that	The mother that avoids the doctor inspires the friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The mother that confuses the man greets the fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that discourages the girl greets the teachers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that discourages the kid stimulates the friends	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the guy approves the poets	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The mother that inspires the poet understands the doctors	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The mother that knows the boy stimulates the women	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
subjrel_that	The mother that knows the lawyer avoids the kids	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The mother that knows the woman avoids the victims	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The mother that remembers the kid criticizes the aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that	The poet that avoids the father observes the men	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The poet that avoids the girl encourages the doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The poet that criticizes the father remembers the women	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The poet that criticizes the kid greets the victims	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The poet that discourages the farmer stimulates the kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The poet that discourages the man stimulates the athletes	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The poet that discourages the teacher observes the girls	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The poet that engages the athlete inspires the boys	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The poet that greets the mother observes the women	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The poet that knows the farmer encourages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The poet that remembers the man encourages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
subjrel_that	The poet that remembers the victim approves the aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that avoids the boy encourages the friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that	The singer that avoids the uncle understands the girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The singer that confuses the doctor knows the men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that	The singer that confuses the kid understands the aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The singer that greets the victim avoids the guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that observes the lawyer greets the men	singular	singular	plural	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The singer that observes the teacher engages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that remembers the aunt stimulates the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that remembers the boy avoids the teachers	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that stimulates the carpenter admires the aunts	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that	The singer that understands the aunt observes the girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The singer that understands the uncle encourages the farmers	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that approves the farmer engages the victims	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The teacher that approves the mother discourages the guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that approves the poet admires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The teacher that knows the aunt understands the singers	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that	The teacher that remembers the carpenter avoids the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that approves the girl encourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that approves the guy inspires the farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
subjrel_that	The uncle that approves the kid remembers the friends	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
subjrel_that	The uncle that avoids the kid discourages the women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that confuses the guy criticizes the friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The uncle that confuses the teacher engages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the poet approves the friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The uncle that encourages the guy remembers the boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the mother engages the friends	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the singer criticizes the poets	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that	The uncle that remembers the man engages the mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that	The uncle that stimulates the farmer admires the athletes	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that	The uncle that stimulates the teacher discourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the teacher discourages the fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that	The victim that encourages the singer greets the doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
subjrel_that	The victim that engages the doctor inspires the kids	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that knows the girl encourages the boys	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The victim that observes the farmer avoids the doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that	The victim that understands the poet inspires the girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that understands the uncle stimulates the girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that confuses the doctor admires the girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The woman that discourages the friend stimulates the kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that discourages the teacher admires the uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the victim stimulates the poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that inspires the carpenter encourages the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that knows the athlete greets the teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
subjrel_that	The woman that remembers the singer discourages the men	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
subjrel_that	The woman that stimulates the athlete inspires the victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The woman that understands the father greets the poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The woman that understands the friend discourages the poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that	The woman that understands the kid criticizes the lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The athlete that admires the singers greets the father	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
subjrel_that	The athlete that encourages the singers discourages the father	singular	plural	singular	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the boys confuses the singer	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
subjrel_that	The athlete that greets the girls understands the mother	singular	plural	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that	The athlete that inspires the doctors stimulates the boy	singular	plural	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The athlete that remembers the guys confuses the woman	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The aunt that approves the mothers understands the poet	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The aunt that criticizes the doctors approves the father	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The aunt that discourages the fathers understands the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	discourage	understand
subjrel_that	The aunt that discourages the guys observes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The aunt that discourages the men knows the athlete	singular	plural	singular	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The aunt that encourages the uncles inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that engages the lawyers greets the poet	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The aunt that greets the boys engages the guy	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The aunt that stimulates the farmers encourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that	The boy that admires the guys remembers the man	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that	The boy that approves the singers discourages the girl	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The boy that confuses the carpenters admires the man	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The boy that encourages the fathers discourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that	The boy that encourages the mothers confuses the aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The boy that engages the carpenters admires the poet	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The boy that greets the friends engages the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The boy that knows the women approves the guy	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
subjrel_that	The boy that remembers the doctors admires the man	singular	plural	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The boy that remembers the girls avoids the doctor	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The carpenter that avoids the teachers inspires the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that discourages the girls greets the singer	singular	plural	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The carpenter that discourages the uncles approves the mother	singular	plural	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The carpenter that engages the guys confuses the mother	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The carpenter that inspires the boys understands the kid	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The carpenter that inspires the lawyers stimulates the farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The carpenter that observes the singers knows the kid	singular	plural	singular	observe	know
subjrel_that	The carpenter that remembers the aunts admires the woman	singular	plural	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The doctor that approves the athletes engages the kid	singular	plural	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The doctor that criticizes the men avoids the victim	singular	plural	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that discourages the kids knows the uncle	singular	plural	singular	discourage	know
subjrel_that	The doctor that encourages the women stimulates the mother	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The doctor that engages the kids knows the girl	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that	The doctor that knows the teachers discourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that remembers the farmers avoids the guy	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that remembers the lawyers confuses the friend	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The doctor that remembers the mothers knows the poet	singular	plural	singular	remember	know
subjrel_that	The doctor that remembers the mothers observes the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that	The doctor that stimulates the men avoids the father	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The farmer that approves the aunts remembers the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that	The farmer that approves the girls understands the uncle	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The farmer that avoids the aunts stimulates the uncle	singular	plural	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The farmer that confuses the boys greets the mother	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that	The farmer that confuses the teachers discourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that encourages the women knows the girl	singular	plural	singular	encourage	know
subjrel_that	The farmer that inspires the aunts confuses the doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The farmer that knows the fathers engages the mother	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that	The farmer that observes the fathers understands the poet	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The farmer that stimulates the athletes remembers the uncle	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The father that admires the girls confuses the doctor	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The father that avoids the girls knows the victim	singular	plural	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The father that engages the kids approves the girl	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that	The father that knows the singers stimulates the girl	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that	The father that observes the poets engages the victim	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The father that remembers the victims greets the teacher	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The father that stimulates the carpenters avoids the farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The father that stimulates the doctors approves the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The friend that confuses the uncles observes the aunt	singular	plural	singular	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that criticizes the teachers approves the victim	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The friend that encourages the doctors observes the mother	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that encourages the mothers discourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the farmers encourages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the singers approves the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
subjrel_that	The friend that observes the men inspires the victim	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that	The friend that understands the guys avoids the woman	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that admires the teachers confuses the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that avoids the athletes confuses the singer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that avoids the boys inspires the father	singular	plural	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The girl that confuses the doctors understands the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The girl that confuses the uncles observes the father	singular	plural	singular	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The girl that criticizes the fathers avoids the kid	singular	plural	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that discourages the kids confuses the singer	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that greets the athletes observes the uncle	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that	The girl that greets the kids discourages the athlete	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that	The girl that knows the lawyers admires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the kids discourages the guy	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the teachers approves the singer	singular	plural	singular	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the lawyers understands the mother	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the singers criticizes the boy	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
subjrel_that	The girl that remembers the singers inspires the victim	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that	The girl that understands the boys knows the father	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the athletes stimulates the friend	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The guy that approves the mothers admires the farmer	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that	The guy that confuses the doctors avoids the kid	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The guy that criticizes the doctors observes the poet	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The guy that criticizes the friends encourages the boy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the friends confuses the aunt	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The guy that knows the carpenters greets the boy	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that	The guy that observes the farmers understands the friend	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The guy that observes the fathers understands the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The guy that remembers the kids confuses the boy	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The guy that remembers the women discourages the friend	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that	The guy that stimulates the women inspires the boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The kid that approves the uncles criticizes the farmer	singular	plural	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The kid that avoids the aunts observes the man	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that	The kid that avoids the boys engages the doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
subjrel_that	The kid that avoids the friends stimulates the singer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The kid that confuses the women understands the farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The kid that discourages the victims understands the singer	singular	plural	singular	discourage	understand
subjrel_that	The kid that encourages the athletes engages the father	singular	plural	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The kid that encourages the carpenters understands the guy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The kid that remembers the mothers approves the athlete	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that	The kid that stimulates the fathers engages the guy	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The kid that stimulates the victims discourages the boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the poets confuses the man	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the poets encourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the uncles confuses the woman	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The lawyer that approves the athletes discourages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that discourages the uncles understands the kid	singular	plural	singular	discourage	understand
subjrel_that	The lawyer that greets the boys stimulates the aunt	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that	The lawyer that inspires the carpenters admires the kid	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The lawyer that knows the farmers discourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the farmers understands the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The lawyer that remembers the women inspires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that	The man that approves the boys avoids the athlete	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The man that avoids the boys approves the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The man that avoids the girls knows the friend	singular	plural	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The man that avoids the teachers confuses the farmer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that criticizes the kids inspires the woman	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that	The man that criticizes the singers admires the girl	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The man that discourages the teachers approves the kid	singular	plural	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The man that discourages the uncles remembers the kid	singular	plural	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the farmers observes the doctor	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the girls understands the teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that	The man that encourages the women stimulates the singer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The man that engages the teachers greets the aunt	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The man that greets the guys remembers the aunt	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The man that greets the singers criticizes the victim	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The man that observes the farmers confuses the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The man that stimulates the kids engages the uncle	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The mother that criticizes the girls knows the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The mother that discourages the uncles observes the athlete	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that	The mother that engages the aunts remembers the man	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that	The mother that greets the doctors criticizes the girl	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that greets the kids avoids the boy	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the fathers admires the aunt	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that remembers the men avoids the poet	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The mother that stimulates the men knows the aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that	The mother that understands the friends inspires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that	The poet that approves the friends stimulates the woman	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that	The poet that greets the men engages the boy	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that	The poet that remembers the boys stimulates the man	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The poet that stimulates the teachers engages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that criticizes the carpenters approves the aunt	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The singer that criticizes the guys stimulates the friend	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that criticizes the teachers discourages the girl	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that	The singer that engages the doctors encourages the victim	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that	The singer that engages the fathers stimulates the mother	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that knows the aunts admires the poet	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
subjrel_that	The singer that knows the uncles remembers the victim	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that	The singer that understands the poets stimulates the farmer	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that	The teacher that confuses the boys avoids the farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The teacher that criticizes the boys remembers the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The teacher that criticizes the men approves the aunt	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The teacher that criticizes the victims remembers the poet	singular	plural	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that	The teacher that discourages the guys stimulates the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The teacher that engages the men understands the boy	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that	The teacher that engages the singers admires the uncle	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The teacher that greets the women criticizes the poet	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The teacher that knows the aunts avoids the guy	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The teacher that observes the mothers criticizes the kid	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The teacher that stimulates the lawyers discourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that approves the men criticizes the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The uncle that avoids the aunts approves the woman	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the lawyers approves the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The uncle that discourages the friends admires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The uncle that discourages the women approves the father	singular	plural	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the women discourages the mother	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that knows the mothers criticizes the teacher	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The uncle that remembers the carpenters confuses the victim	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that	The uncle that remembers the friends discourages the woman	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that remembers the friends understands the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that	The uncle that understands the friends greets the woman	singular	plural	singular	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The uncle that understands the guys observes the victim	singular	plural	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The victim that admires the boys avoids the singer	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the athletes avoids the father	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the singers admires the guy	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that	The victim that criticizes the boys admires the doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The victim that encourages the kids discourages the farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that	The victim that engages the uncles discourages the man	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The victim that greets the farmers encourages the carpenter	singular	plural	singular	greet	encourage
subjrel_that	The victim that inspires the friends discourages the kid	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The victim that observes the kids stimulates the friend	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The victim that remembers the fathers discourages the man	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that	The victim that remembers the mothers stimulates the singer	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that admires the farmers confuses the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the kids avoids the lawyer	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The woman that confuses the lawyers understands the man	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The woman that criticizes the fathers observes the girl	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that	The woman that greets the doctors admires the girl	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
subjrel_that	The woman that inspires the men stimulates the teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the farmers understands the kid	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The woman that observes the victims knows the boy	singular	plural	singular	observe	know
subjrel_that	The woman that stimulates the fathers remembers the boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that	The woman that understands the carpenters greets the girl	singular	plural	singular	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The athlete that approves the guys avoids the men	singular	plural	plural	approve	avoid
subjrel_that	The athlete that avoids the mothers engages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that	The athlete that criticizes the lawyers engages the women	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The athlete that engages the doctors greets the women	singular	plural	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that	The athlete that inspires the doctors understands the women	singular	plural	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that	The athlete that knows the girls admires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that	The athlete that observes the lawyers stimulates the men	singular	plural	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The aunt that admires the guys stimulates the farmers	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The aunt that confuses the victims criticizes the guys	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The aunt that criticizes the kids admires the teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that discourages the kids admires the men	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that encourages the carpenters approves the uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that	The aunt that engages the girls admires the women	singular	plural	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The aunt that inspires the men avoids the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The aunt that remembers the guys stimulates the friends	singular	plural	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that	The aunt that remembers the mothers discourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	remember	discourage
subjrel_that	The aunt that remembers the uncles inspires the boys	singular	plural	plural	remember	inspire
subjrel_that	The aunt that stimulates the farmers engages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The aunt that stimulates the victims understands the girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that	The boy that confuses the lawyers avoids the doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that	The boy that confuses the lawyers stimulates the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that	The boy that encourages the aunts avoids the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the aunts approves the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The boy that inspires the carpenters stimulates the victims	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The boy that knows the aunts admires the kids	singular	plural	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that	The boy that knows the carpenters stimulates the uncles	singular	plural	plural	know	stimulate
subjrel_that	The boy that remembers the girls greets the doctors	singular	plural	plural	remember	greet
subjrel_that	The carpenter that confuses the guys stimulates the kids	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that	The carpenter that confuses the poets criticizes the friends	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that	The carpenter that encourages the aunts remembers the men	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that	The carpenter that engages the uncles inspires the men	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The carpenter that greets the men encourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that	The carpenter that understands the lawyers greets the doctors	singular	plural	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that	The doctor that discourages the singers remembers the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The doctor that encourages the boys discourages the victims	singular	plural	plural	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that	The doctor that engages the victims confuses the fathers	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The doctor that greets the athletes avoids the men	singular	plural	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The doctor that inspires the uncles knows the friends	singular	plural	plural	inspire	know
subjrel_that	The doctor that knows the women confuses the mothers	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that	The doctor that observes the girls stimulates the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The doctor that remembers the lawyers inspires the friends	singular	plural	plural	remember	inspire
subjrel_that	The doctor that stimulates the carpenters inspires the mothers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The doctor that stimulates the guys engages the girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The doctor that stimulates the mothers confuses the poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that	The farmer that admires the kids inspires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that	The farmer that avoids the uncles confuses the fathers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The farmer that avoids the victims knows the poets	singular	plural	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The farmer that avoids the women understands the aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that	The farmer that engages the boys knows the poets	singular	plural	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that	The farmer that greets the kids inspires the victims	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The farmer that greets the teachers encourages the friends	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that	The farmer that inspires the singers confuses the mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that	The farmer that inspires the women remembers the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that	The farmer that observes the victims approves the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The farmer that observes the women confuses the poets	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that	The farmer that remembers the boys approves the men	singular	plural	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that	The father that approves the carpenters criticizes the kids	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticize
subjrel_that	The father that confuses the men engages the girls	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The father that criticizes the kids approves the mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that	The father that engages the teachers discourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The father that knows the athletes greets the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	know	greet
subjrel_that	The father that understands the athletes knows the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that	The father that understands the poets inspires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspire
subjrel_that	The father that understands the teachers observes the poets	singular	plural	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The friend that avoids the farmers stimulates the victims	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that	The friend that discourages the athletes greets the aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that	The friend that discourages the teachers admires the girls	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The friend that engages the farmers encourages the girls	singular	plural	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that	The friend that engages the fathers admires the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that	The friend that greets the women inspires the singers	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The friend that knows the guys avoids the doctors	singular	plural	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The friend that observes the lawyers stimulates the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that	The friend that remembers the athletes discourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	remember	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that remembers the fathers understands the girls	singular	plural	plural	remember	understand
subjrel_that	The friend that remembers the girls discourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	remember	discourage
subjrel_that	The friend that stimulates the athletes engages the men	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that	The friend that stimulates the uncles avoids the teachers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that approves the doctors inspires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspire
subjrel_that	The girl that criticizes the guys admires the athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The girl that encourages the friends avoids the farmers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that	The girl that engages the men confuses the doctors	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that	The girl that greets the friends admires the guys	singular	plural	plural	greet	admire
subjrel_that	The girl that observes the guys criticizes the women	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that criticizes the aunts greets the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The guy that criticizes the friends knows the kids	singular	plural	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The guy that discourages the victims approves the men	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The guy that greets the poets inspires the girls	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that	The guy that greets the women remembers the victims	singular	plural	plural	greet	remember
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the carpenters criticizes the victims	singular	plural	plural	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the kids approves the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The guy that inspires the teachers approves the kids	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The guy that knows the poets discourages the kids	singular	plural	plural	know	discourage
subjrel_that	The guy that observes the teachers understands the friends	singular	plural	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that	The guy that stimulates the victims approves the kids	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The guy that understands the poets avoids the aunts	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the teachers criticizes the women	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The kid that admires the victims criticizes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The kid that approves the friends knows the boys	singular	plural	plural	approve	know
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the carpenters engages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that	The kid that criticizes the fathers greets the victims	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The kid that discourages the uncles approves the girls	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The kid that encourages the doctors knows the men	singular	plural	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that	The kid that engages the mothers understands the doctors	singular	plural	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that	The kid that greets the doctors discourages the uncles	singular	plural	plural	greet	discourage
subjrel_that	The kid that inspires the uncles approves the boys	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the doctors stimulates the fathers	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The lawyer that admires the friends engages the singers	singular	plural	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that approves the doctors discourages the singers	singular	plural	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that engages the doctors discourages the fathers	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that engages the friends understands the aunts	singular	plural	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that	The lawyer that knows the carpenters criticizes the farmers	singular	plural	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the friends remembers the singers	singular	plural	plural	observe	remember
subjrel_that	The lawyer that observes the mothers engages the women	singular	plural	plural	observe	engage
subjrel_that	The lawyer that stimulates the carpenters criticizes the guys	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that	The man that criticizes the lawyers knows the boys	singular	plural	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that	The man that inspires the guys discourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that	The man that stimulates the uncles inspires the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The man that understands the singers confuses the kids	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The mother that approves the girls understands the kids	singular	plural	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The mother that confuses the uncles observes the athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that	The mother that criticizes the lawyers admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that discourages the kids admires the singers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the athletes greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The mother that observes the victims criticizes the singers	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticize
subjrel_that	The mother that understands the singers confuses the friends	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that approves the athletes observes the girls	singular	plural	plural	approve	observe
subjrel_that	The poet that approves the aunts greets the boys	singular	plural	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The poet that approves the farmers understands the doctors	singular	plural	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that	The poet that criticizes the girls confuses the men	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that	The poet that criticizes the lawyers understands the farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that	The poet that discourages the men engages the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engage
subjrel_that	The poet that inspires the boys admires the aunts	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that	The poet that knows the guys avoids the boys	singular	plural	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that	The poet that observes the doctors discourages the mothers	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that	The poet that remembers the friends avoids the uncles	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The singer that approves the teachers engages the women	singular	plural	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that	The singer that criticizes the friends stimulates the fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that discourages the women stimulates the uncles	singular	plural	plural	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that	The singer that inspires the fathers observes the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	observe
subjrel_that	The singer that inspires the poets greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that	The singer that knows the guys observes the poets	singular	plural	plural	know	observe
subjrel_that	The singer that stimulates the fathers admires the women	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that	The singer that stimulates the men approves the boys	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that	The teacher that admires the friends discourages the guys	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourage
subjrel_that	The teacher that avoids the guys admires the fathers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The teacher that avoids the mothers confuses the farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that	The teacher that avoids the victims admires the singers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the aunts criticizes the guys	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that	The teacher that encourages the lawyers engages the friends	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that	The teacher that engages the men inspires the farmers	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that	The teacher that greets the doctors approves the men	singular	plural	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that	The teacher that inspires the poets avoids the mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that	The teacher that inspires the poets stimulates the mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that	The teacher that knows the athletes admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that	The teacher that observes the poets approves the aunts	singular	plural	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that	The teacher that remembers the fathers admires the men	singular	plural	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that	The teacher that stimulates the lawyers inspires the victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that	The uncle that admires the girls encourages the men	singular	plural	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The uncle that approves the lawyers observes the doctors	singular	plural	plural	approve	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that avoids the boys criticizes the guys	singular	plural	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that	The uncle that avoids the fathers knows the kids	singular	plural	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that	The uncle that avoids the men approves the mothers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approve
subjrel_that	The uncle that avoids the singers inspires the boys	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the farmers greets the girls	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The uncle that criticizes the singers avoids the guys	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that discourages the athletes remembers the teachers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the athletes avoids the fathers	singular	plural	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that greets the mothers knows the farmers	singular	plural	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that	The uncle that inspires the mothers approves the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that	The uncle that remembers the women avoids the girls	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that	The uncle that stimulates the carpenters observes the friends	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that stimulates the guys observes the boys	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that	The uncle that stimulates the victims admires the mothers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that	The victim that admires the athletes understands the kids	singular	plural	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that	The victim that admires the boys criticizes the uncles	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that	The victim that admires the farmers understands the friends	singular	plural	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the guys encourages the lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that	The victim that approves the women greets the teachers	singular	plural	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The victim that avoids the uncles admires the friends	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admire
subjrel_that	The victim that avoids the women discourages the teachers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the farmers understands the fathers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that	The victim that confuses the friends stimulates the doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that	The victim that encourages the carpenters admires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that	The victim that encourages the singers inspires the poets	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that engages the athletes encourages the women	singular	plural	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that	The victim that engages the poets avoids the aunts	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that	The victim that greets the fathers criticizes the friends	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticize
subjrel_that	The victim that inspires the aunts criticizes the teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that	The victim that inspires the men knows the athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspire	know
subjrel_that	The victim that knows the aunts understands the doctors	singular	plural	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that	The victim that observes the uncles greets the doctors	singular	plural	plural	observe	greet
subjrel_that	The victim that remembers the friends inspires the doctors	singular	plural	plural	remember	inspire
subjrel_that	The victim that understands the friends observes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that	The woman that admires the uncles encourages the aunts	singular	plural	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the aunts remembers the friends	singular	plural	plural	approve	remember
subjrel_that	The woman that approves the kids greets the aunts	singular	plural	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that	The woman that confuses the uncles engages the friends	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that	The woman that criticizes the kids greets the carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that	The woman that discourages the aunts approves the men	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that	The woman that understands the girls criticizes the mothers	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that	The athletes that approve the mother avoid the woman	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that encourage the aunt avoid the kid	plural	singular	singular	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that encourage the poet understand the kid	plural	singular	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The athletes that engage the mother remember the guy	plural	singular	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The athletes that engage the singer observe the aunt	plural	singular	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The athletes that engage the woman approve the guy	plural	singular	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that remember the carpenter approve the victim	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that remember the kid understand the singer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The athletes that remember the man inspire the mother	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that remember the mother avoid the father	plural	singular	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the farmer greet the man	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The aunts that admire the doctor confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The aunts that admire the kid stimulate the mother	plural	singular	singular	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The aunts that encourage the man stimulate the uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The aunts that engage the carpenter inspire the farmer	plural	singular	singular	engages	inspires
subjrel_that	The aunts that inspire the friend engage the singer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The aunts that observe the woman criticize the poet	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The aunts that stimulate the athlete avoid the farmer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The aunts that stimulate the teacher observe the doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The aunts that stimulate the victim greet the girl	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The aunts that understand the boy confuse the athlete	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The boys that approve the friend discourage the guy	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The boys that confuse the man avoid the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The boys that discourage the friend admire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that inspire the farmer admire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that inspire the guy discourage the father	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The boys that observe the friend encourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The boys that stimulate the father encourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The boys that stimulate the kid greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The carpenters that encourage the teacher engage the poet	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that engage the kid greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The carpenters that engage the poet inspire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	engages	inspires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that observe the man approve the woman	plural	singular	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that	The carpenters that understand the lawyer know the girl	plural	singular	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that	The doctors that admire the guy encourage the man	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that approve the mother criticize the farmer	plural	singular	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that	The doctors that confuse the athlete admire the man	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admires
subjrel_that	The doctors that confuse the carpenter stimulate the singer	plural	singular	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The doctors that criticize the poet approve the friend	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The doctors that discourage the mother avoid the father	plural	singular	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The doctors that engage the woman admire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The doctors that greet the aunt inspire the victim	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The farmers that admire the carpenter inspire the friend	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that	The farmers that admire the uncle observe the woman	plural	singular	singular	admires	observes
subjrel_that	The farmers that approve the lawyer greet the guy	plural	singular	singular	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that engage the kid admire the poet	plural	singular	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The farmers that greet the athlete observe the mother	plural	singular	singular	greets	observes
subjrel_that	The farmers that observe the uncle greet the athlete	plural	singular	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the friend inspire the doctor	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that	The farmers that stimulate the father understand the man	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The fathers that admire the boy greet the singer	plural	singular	singular	admires	greets
subjrel_that	The fathers that admire the girl understand the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The fathers that approve the boy encourage the kid	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that approve the singer remember the kid	plural	singular	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The fathers that approve the uncle observe the friend	plural	singular	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the doctor encourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the farmer confuse the guy	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The fathers that criticize the singer engage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The fathers that encourage the singer confuse the friend	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The fathers that engage the victim remember the boy	plural	singular	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The fathers that greet the uncle approve the mother	plural	singular	singular	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that know the farmer remember the guy	plural	singular	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The fathers that remember the farmer engage the kid	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The fathers that remember the guy discourage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that stimulate the mother discourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that understand the farmer engage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that	The friends that approve the father know the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the man confuse the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the man greet the uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the poet confuse the singer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that encourage the woman understand the victim	plural	singular	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The friends that greet the athlete confuse the father	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that greet the teacher confuse the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that inspire the boy observe the singer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The friends that inspire the carpenter engage the mother	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The friends that know the guy admire the father	plural	singular	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The friends that observe the lawyer engage the victim	plural	singular	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The friends that observe the teacher criticize the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The friends that remember the carpenter approve the victim	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The friends that remember the doctor observe the farmer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The friends that remember the victim stimulate the teacher	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The girls that approve the father observe the woman	plural	singular	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the athlete encourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the poet greet the woman	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that	The girls that engage the victim encourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The girls that inspire the uncle avoid the guy	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that know the victim admire the man	plural	singular	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The girls that observe the father remember the farmer	plural	singular	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The girls that observe the friend remember the farmer	plural	singular	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The girls that observe the singer engage the boy	plural	singular	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The girls that observe the uncle avoid the singer	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that understand the friend know the guy	plural	singular	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the aunt admire the girl	plural	singular	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the singer discourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that avoid the poet inspire the man	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The guys that confuse the poet avoid the man	plural	singular	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The guys that discourage the doctor greet the poet	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The guys that greet the boy admire the teacher	plural	singular	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The guys that greet the doctor inspire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The guys that inspire the father confuse the teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The guys that know the athlete understand the poet	plural	singular	singular	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The guys that know the woman greet the man	plural	singular	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the friend understand the man	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the poet confuse the man	plural	singular	singular	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that approve the friend greet the farmer	plural	singular	singular	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The kids that avoid the athlete engage the teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that avoid the father admire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The kids that discourage the girl greet the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The kids that discourage the singer confuse the girl	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that engage the friend greet the athlete	plural	singular	singular	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The kids that greet the mother stimulate the poet	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The kids that inspire the athlete confuse the victim	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that inspire the boy remember the guy	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that	The lawyers that discourage the athlete admire the guy	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that discourage the uncle remember the teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The lawyers that know the athlete inspire the victim	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the teacher confuse the athlete	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The lawyers that stimulate the woman know the boy	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that	The lawyers that understand the woman stimulate the friend	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that admire the poet approve the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The men that avoid the guy observe the athlete	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observes
subjrel_that	The men that avoid the mother stimulate the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that confuse the aunt observe the woman	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The men that confuse the mother criticize the doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that confuse the victim encourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the mother avoid the singer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The men that greet the aunt know the guy	plural	singular	singular	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The men that greet the guy know the boy	plural	singular	singular	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The men that inspire the victim stimulate the woman	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that observe the woman inspire the poet	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The men that understand the kid discourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that approve the carpenter inspire the father	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The mothers that confuse the lawyer encourage the athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that criticize the athlete discourage the friend	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that discourage the poet confuse the man	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The mothers that discourage the singer stimulate the girl	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that know the kid avoid the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoids
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the teacher encourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that admire the singer discourage the father	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the lawyer stimulate the athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the lawyer inspire the man	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that discourage the teacher stimulate the uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The poets that encourage the man approve the boy	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The poets that inspire the father confuse the man	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that know the father encourage the woman	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that observe the carpenter engage the friend	plural	singular	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The poets that observe the man know the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The poets that stimulate the teacher observe the guy	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The singers that approve the aunt understand the kid	plural	singular	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The singers that approve the lawyer discourage the father	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that	The singers that approve the uncle admire the girl	plural	singular	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The singers that avoid the lawyer criticize the aunt	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that	The singers that observe the man inspire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The singers that observe the poet understand the father	plural	singular	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the girl observe the carpenter	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The singers that understand the aunt stimulate the boy	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The teachers that criticize the lawyer discourage the mother	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that discourage the singer inspire the athlete	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the carpenter criticize the aunt	plural	singular	singular	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the man confuse the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The teachers that greet the woman stimulate the boy	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The teachers that inspire the guy encourage the uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the girl observe the friend	plural	singular	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The teachers that remember the victim observe the girl	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The teachers that remember the woman encourage the boy	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the friend remember the poet	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that understand the boy confuse the guy	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that	The uncles that admire the carpenter inspire the mother	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that	The uncles that approve the guy engage the victim	plural	singular	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that criticize the poet stimulate the guy	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the farmer remember the teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the friend understand the doctor	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The uncles that greet the friend confuse the victim	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The uncles that know the woman admire the aunt	plural	singular	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The uncles that observe the guy criticize the singer	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that remember the farmer inspire the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that	The uncles that stimulate the girl understand the father	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The uncles that understand the girl observe the victim	plural	singular	singular	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The victims that admire the aunt inspire the guy	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that	The victims that approve the doctor encourage the singer	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The victims that confuse the aunt criticize the girl	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The victims that engage the friend understand the mother	plural	singular	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The victims that inspire the friend criticize the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The victims that inspire the kid stimulate the boy	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The victims that remember the kid observe the poet	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The victims that stimulate the singer avoid the guy	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The victims that understand the girl inspire the uncle	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that	The women that admire the boy know the aunt	plural	singular	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The women that approve the teacher avoid the aunt	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The women that avoid the uncle confuse the father	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The women that confuse the teacher encourage the aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The women that encourage the athlete understand the father	plural	singular	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The women that encourage the lawyer engage the friend	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The women that engage the carpenter confuse the singer	plural	singular	singular	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The women that engage the singer understand the guy	plural	singular	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The women that inspire the guy engage the doctor	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The women that remember the athlete engage the friend	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The women that remember the victim encourage the lawyer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The women that understand the farmer know the friend	plural	singular	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that	The women that understand the lawyer avoid the guy	plural	singular	singular	understands	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that admire the man greet the doctors	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that encourage the friend remember the girls	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The athletes that encourage the girl understand the kids	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The athletes that engage the friend approve the victims	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the woman admire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the kid discourage the farmers	plural	singular	plural	knows	discourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the man understand the guys	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The athletes that remember the father observe the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The aunts that confuse the girl approve the athletes	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The aunts that criticize the boy observe the poets	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The aunts that inspire the victim remember the friends	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that	The aunts that know the lawyer confuse the girls	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The aunts that stimulate the lawyer know the men	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that	The aunts that understand the lawyer approve the uncles	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that	The boys that admire the kid understand the doctors	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The boys that criticize the teacher remember the mothers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the teacher confuse the singers	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The boys that greet the farmer approve the friends	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The boys that inspire the carpenter understand the friends	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that	The boys that know the lawyer greet the friends	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The boys that remember the guy admire the farmers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that understand the lawyer know the victims	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
subjrel_that	The carpenters that admire the lawyer engage the guys	plural	singular	plural	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that admire the poet confuse the guys	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the aunt stimulate the friends	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that	The carpenters that approve the aunt understand the mothers	plural	singular	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that avoid the athlete engage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	avoids	engages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that avoid the teacher confuse the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The carpenters that confuse the farmer avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that criticize the friend understand the women	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that criticize the lawyer stimulate the girls	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The carpenters that discourage the girl greet the aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The carpenters that engage the kid approve the mothers	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that	The carpenters that inspire the kid encourage the men	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that remember the doctor know the friends	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The carpenters that remember the kid admire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that stimulate the woman encourage the victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that understand the mother observe the teachers	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The doctors that approve the boy avoid the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The doctors that approve the friend inspire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The doctors that avoid the guy discourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that confuse the athlete encourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that encourage the kid understand the girls	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The doctors that engage the farmer confuse the teachers	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The doctors that remember the farmer observe the uncles	plural	singular	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The doctors that remember the victim avoid the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The doctors that understand the lawyer avoid the kids	plural	singular	plural	understands	avoids
subjrel_that	The doctors that understand the man discourage the boys	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that approve the aunt encourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that confuse the mother avoid the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The farmers that encourage the uncle stimulate the friends	plural	singular	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The farmers that engage the kid avoid the teachers	plural	singular	plural	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The farmers that engage the poet inspire the victims	plural	singular	plural	engages	inspires
subjrel_that	The farmers that engage the woman remember the aunts	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The farmers that greet the athlete criticize the singers	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that	The farmers that know the athlete admire the aunts	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The farmers that observe the kid inspire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The fathers that admire the kid understand the boys	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The fathers that admire the uncle engage the victims	plural	singular	plural	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The fathers that approve the singer inspire the boys	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the kid criticize the girls	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that	The fathers that encourage the athlete stimulate the men	plural	singular	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The fathers that encourage the farmer discourage the kids	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that encourage the lawyer approve the teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The fathers that engage the athlete discourage the women	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that engage the uncle criticize the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The fathers that observe the man engage the boys	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The fathers that remember the guy admire the women	plural	singular	plural	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The fathers that stimulate the kid engage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that	The friends that admire the lawyer inspire the uncles	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that	The friends that avoid the athlete greet the kids	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The friends that avoid the athlete know the boys	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The friends that confuse the mother observe the kids	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The friends that encourage the teacher criticize the uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The girls that approve the lawyer greet the singers	plural	singular	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The girls that confuse the boy understand the poets	plural	singular	plural	confuses	understands
subjrel_that	The girls that encourage the man observe the friends	plural	singular	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The girls that know the athlete greet the victims	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The girls that stimulate the poet understand the guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The guys that admire the boy encourage the girls	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the carpenter remember the poets	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The guys that approve the doctor engage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The guys that avoid the athlete remember the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The guys that avoid the father inspire the teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The guys that confuse the woman discourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that criticize the lawyer discourage the singers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that criticize the lawyer engage the victims	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The guys that criticize the man discourage the women	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the uncle approve the men	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the friend know the victims	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the boy encourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the poet confuse the farmers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that	The guys that stimulate the woman understand the farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The kids that approve the athlete confuse the boys	plural	singular	plural	approves	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that confuse the teacher stimulate the women	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The kids that encourage the girl inspire the athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The kids that encourage the singer observe the teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that engage the mother observe the women	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that greet the mother confuse the men	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that inspire the father stimulate the mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The kids that know the aunt stimulate the men	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The kids that stimulate the carpenter criticize the victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that avoid the poet confuse the teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that	The lawyers that confuse the athlete engage the kids	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that criticize the teacher admire the victims	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that encourage the poet avoid the uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The lawyers that engage the singer remember the doctors	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
subjrel_that	The lawyers that inspire the carpenter confuse the guys	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The lawyers that know the farmer admire the guys	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the woman admire the victims	plural	singular	plural	observes	admires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the victim approve the singers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The lawyers that stimulate the teacher discourage the fathers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that understand the aunt encourage the kids	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The men that admire the girl stimulate the doctors	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that approve the singer encourage the women	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the poet remember the mothers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the carpenter confuse the kids	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the kid inspire the aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The men that engage the kid avoid the aunts	plural	singular	plural	engages	avoids
subjrel_that	The men that greet the athlete observe the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that	The men that inspire the victim remember the poets	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that	The men that know the teacher criticize the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that remember the farmer know the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that	The mothers that admire the kid stimulate the aunts	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that approve the girl greet the women	plural	singular	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The mothers that avoid the aunt know the friends	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The mothers that criticize the carpenter avoid the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The mothers that criticize the father understand the girls	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The mothers that discourage the friend confuse the kids	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The mothers that encourage the father understand the doctors	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The mothers that encourage the victim criticize the men	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the friend understand the fathers	plural	singular	plural	greets	understands
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the doctor stimulate the farmers	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the guy encourage the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that remember the guy inspire the women	plural	singular	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that approve the mother engage the friends	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The poets that avoid the teacher remember the boys	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the carpenter criticize the guys	plural	singular	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the father inspire the men	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the kid observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the woman encourage the aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the mother greet the girls	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that encourage the aunt remember the athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The poets that encourage the uncle discourage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The poets that inspire the guy engage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The poets that stimulate the singer inspire the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the kid engage the girls	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that	The singers that admire the father encourage the athletes	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The singers that admire the poet inspire the fathers	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that	The singers that admire the teacher confuse the victims	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The singers that confuse the carpenter stimulate the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The singers that discourage the carpenter encourage the poets	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that	The singers that discourage the guy admire the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The singers that encourage the friend confuse the doctors	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The singers that encourage the lawyer engage the guys	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The singers that engage the boy approve the kids	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that	The singers that know the farmer criticize the mothers	plural	singular	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the friend confuse the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the mother criticize the doctors	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The teachers that approve the friend understand the girls	plural	singular	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The teachers that approve the victim inspire the kids	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The teachers that confuse the athlete admire the boys	plural	singular	plural	confuses	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that confuse the father inspire the girls	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The teachers that confuse the victim greet the fathers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
subjrel_that	The teachers that encourage the guy stimulate the men	plural	singular	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the athlete understand the women	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The teachers that observe the uncle stimulate the girls	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The teachers that understand the girl approve the men	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that	The uncles that approve the carpenter stimulate the women	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that	The uncles that avoid the man approve the aunts	plural	singular	plural	avoids	approves
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the father stimulate the athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the guy engage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the mother criticize the poets	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that encourage the father observe the boys	plural	singular	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The uncles that greet the lawyer encourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that inspire the boy approve the athletes	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The uncles that know the poet approve the carpenters	plural	singular	plural	knows	approves
subjrel_that	The uncles that observe the guy engage the women	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The uncles that remember the man greet the doctors	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The victims that admire the poet inspire the singers	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that	The victims that avoid the mother engage the teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	engages
subjrel_that	The victims that avoid the woman know the uncles	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The victims that criticize the doctor encourage the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that	The victims that discourage the guy encourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that	The victims that discourage the guy remember the men	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that	The victims that encourage the boy confuse the uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The victims that encourage the singer avoid the girls	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The victims that engage the singer greet the women	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The victims that greet the girl understand the guys	plural	singular	plural	greets	understands
subjrel_that	The victims that inspire the doctor encourage the kids	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The victims that understand the friend observe the mothers	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that	The women that confuse the kid encourage the uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The women that confuse the poet encourage the doctors	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The women that confuse the singer approve the uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The women that criticize the kid admire the friends	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The women that engage the lawyer approve the men	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that	The women that inspire the teacher greet the lawyers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The women that inspire the teacher stimulate the girls	plural	singular	plural	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The women that know the poet stimulate the girls	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The women that understand the father stimulate the victims	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The athletes that admire the men engage the boy	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The athletes that admire the poets stimulate the singer	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The athletes that approve the carpenters encourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that approve the fathers know the poet	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that	The athletes that approve the singers admire the farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The athletes that avoid the aunts stimulate the man	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that	The athletes that avoid the kids criticize the aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that	The athletes that confuse the farmers admire the father	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
subjrel_that	The athletes that confuse the mothers avoid the boy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The athletes that criticize the friends approve the guy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that	The athletes that engage the carpenters encourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the men inspire the mother	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the men understand the kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The athletes that observe the mothers know the kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The aunts that admire the poets stimulate the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The aunts that approve the farmers stimulate the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that	The aunts that avoid the women know the father	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The aunts that encourage the girls understand the woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The aunts that encourage the women discourage the athlete	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that know the singers encourage the man	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that stimulate the poets greet the singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The boys that admire the kids remember the farmer	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that	The boys that avoid the farmers inspire the singer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The boys that discourage the teachers inspire the friend	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The boys that encourage the fathers greet the aunt	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the carpenters criticize the teacher	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The boys that engage the farmers admire the woman	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The boys that know the lawyers avoid the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
subjrel_that	The boys that understand the teachers admire the victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that avoid the mothers inspire the guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that criticize the women engage the singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that engage the kids understand the guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The carpenters that inspire the guys engage the poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that observe the mothers greet the teacher	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The doctors that approve the guys inspire the man	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The doctors that avoid the friends know the guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The doctors that avoid the victims admire the farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The doctors that confuse the kids avoid the victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The doctors that criticize the victims know the friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that	The doctors that engage the lawyers admire the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The doctors that greet the carpenters admire the singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The doctors that inspire the carpenters remember the kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that	The doctors that inspire the kids greet the girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The doctors that inspire the mothers encourage the father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the singers inspire the poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The doctors that stimulate the farmers criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The doctors that understand the singers encourage the girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that avoid the uncles discourage the poet	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that discourage the carpenters greet the girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that engage the girls understand the boy	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The farmers that greet the singers engage the father	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The farmers that greet the victims admire the man	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The fathers that admire the carpenters encourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that admire the singers engage the girl	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The fathers that approve the doctors confuse the athlete	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that	The fathers that approve the victims avoid the aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that	The fathers that avoid the victims engage the singer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that	The fathers that confuse the aunts engage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The fathers that discourage the boys observe the victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observes
subjrel_that	The fathers that engage the singers inspire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
subjrel_that	The fathers that know the lawyers greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The fathers that observe the farmers greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The fathers that remember the guys understand the aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The friends that approve the fathers greet the athlete	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The friends that confuse the men encourage the father	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the doctors criticize the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The friends that greet the fathers confuse the aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that greet the guys confuse the victim	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that greet the singers stimulate the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The friends that inspire the guys observe the aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The friends that inspire the singers encourage the aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The friends that know the farmers observe the athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that	The friends that remember the guys encourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The friends that stimulate the girls understand the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that	The friends that stimulate the guys avoid the poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The friends that stimulate the lawyers admire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that	The girls that admire the fathers avoid the farmer	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that approve the mothers understand the kid	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that	The girls that criticize the mothers stimulate the athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The girls that greet the teachers avoid the boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that	The girls that know the boys remember the victim	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The girls that stimulate the doctors approve the woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that avoid the friends remember the aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The guys that avoid the men greet the kid	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the carpenters observe the poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The guys that greet the fathers stimulate the farmer	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The guys that know the girls stimulate the victim	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that	The guys that observe the farmers engage the woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the kids approve the woman	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that understand the friends admire the woman	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that	The kids that approve the uncles observe the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that discourage the athletes inspire the man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The kids that engage the fathers observe the farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that greet the boys know the doctor	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The kids that inspire the aunts observe the woman	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that	The kids that inspire the farmers greet the athlete	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The kids that observe the victims discourage the father	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The kids that remember the fathers greet the singer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The kids that understand the friends criticize the farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that admire the women encourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the athletes admire the aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that avoid the aunts know the guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The lawyers that avoid the doctors stimulate the uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that engage the kids stimulate the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the farmers confuse the woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the women stimulate the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the women stimulate the girl	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The lawyers that inspire the friends avoid the girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the athletes greet the victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the carpenters criticize the doctor	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the women know the father	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The lawyers that remember the teachers greet the friend	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that stimulate the boys greet the aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that stimulate the kids criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that admire the kids criticize the teacher	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The men that avoid the women know the guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the farmers understand the carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The men that encourage the kids understand the athlete	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that	The men that engage the girls understand the athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The men that engage the singers greet the girl	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The men that greet the carpenters encourage the girl	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The men that greet the mothers confuse the boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that	The men that greet the uncles approve the friend	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The men that know the girls greet the victim	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The men that know the guys confuse the doctor	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The men that remember the boys avoid the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The men that understand the uncles criticize the father	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The mothers that avoid the teachers understand the girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that	The mothers that confuse the boys criticize the poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that	The mothers that confuse the doctors remember the kid	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that	The mothers that criticize the kids stimulate the poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the boys inspire the victim	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the singers stimulate the friend	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The mothers that inspire the boys discourage the victim	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that observe the carpenters inspire the boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that admire the farmers know the aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the men approve the athlete	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the aunts greet the woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the singers discourage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that	The poets that engage the carpenters understand the mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the doctors admire the teacher	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the kids know the victim	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the lawyers understand the doctor	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that	The poets that inspire the mothers encourage the woman	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The poets that inspire the women criticize the boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The poets that stimulate the lawyers criticize the man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The poets that stimulate the singers inspire the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the boys approve the guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the singers greet the friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the victims criticize the uncle	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The poets that understand the victims remember the athlete	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The singers that approve the farmers engage the teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that	The singers that approve the girls inspire the father	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The singers that approve the guys remember the poet	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The singers that confuse the carpenters observe the poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The singers that engage the men confuse the father	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The singers that inspire the men discourage the boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that	The singers that remember the farmers avoid the aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that	The singers that understand the farmers remember the father	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that admire the friends confuse the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The teachers that admire the uncles approve the singer	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The teachers that avoid the uncles remember the boy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that criticize the doctors avoid the father	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the boys inspire the singer	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
subjrel_that	The teachers that engage the carpenters know the doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The teachers that greet the farmers engage the mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that	The teachers that inspire the friends stimulate the doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The uncles that approve the victims encourage the singer	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the kids greet the singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that	The uncles that criticize the athletes inspire the friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that	The uncles that criticize the men understand the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The uncles that discourage the girls confuse the victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The uncles that engage the teachers criticize the mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The uncles that greet the friends encourage the lawyer	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that stimulate the carpenters observe the friend	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The uncles that stimulate the friends observe the woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The uncles that understand the women criticize the girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that	The victims that admire the boys understand the aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The victims that admire the uncles inspire the father	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that	The victims that approve the carpenters know the teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that	The victims that approve the women greet the mother	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The victims that avoid the athletes greet the uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The victims that confuse the athletes stimulate the teacher	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The victims that engage the athletes inspire the guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
subjrel_that	The victims that greet the lawyers know the friend	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The victims that inspire the farmers remember the uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that	The victims that know the guys engage the man	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
subjrel_that	The victims that observe the athletes engage the boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The victims that observe the kids understand the farmer	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that	The victims that stimulate the fathers engage the uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that	The victims that stimulate the men greet the kid	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that	The women that admire the friends criticize the farmer	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The women that approve the carpenters admire the victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The women that criticize the victims admire the doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The women that encourage the guys engage the farmer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that	The women that greet the carpenters stimulate the athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that	The women that greet the uncles approve the mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The women that inspire the mothers confuse the doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that	The women that observe the farmers know the friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The women that understand the athletes remember the farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that	The athletes that discourage the kids greet the victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that encourage the lawyers greet the women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that engage the farmers encourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The athletes that greet the boys admire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The athletes that greet the poets observe the boys	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the guys understand the poets	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the victims admire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The athletes that inspire the women understand the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that	The athletes that know the teachers greet the singers	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the poets inspire the women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that	The athletes that stimulate the uncles approve the singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that	The aunts that admire the victims criticize the girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The aunts that confuse the doctors discourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that encourage the lawyers approve the teachers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The aunts that encourage the poets observe the singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The aunts that greet the farmers inspire the guys	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The aunts that greet the poets avoid the kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that	The aunts that remember the boys discourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that	The aunts that stimulate the mothers criticize the victims	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that	The boys that admire the teachers confuse the friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
subjrel_that	The boys that confuse the teachers discourage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The boys that criticize the farmers engage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The boys that greet the farmers inspire the poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The boys that greet the friends discourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The boys that understand the farmers engage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that avoid the girls discourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that	The carpenters that discourage the poets criticize the boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The carpenters that greet the friends admire the boys	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that inspire the boys stimulate the women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The carpenters that inspire the fathers stimulate the kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The carpenters that inspire the lawyers avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that observe the guys admire the men	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
subjrel_that	The carpenters that observe the singers avoid the boys	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that	The carpenters that understand the boys greet the singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The doctors that avoid the guys discourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that avoid the lawyers stimulate the boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that	The doctors that confuse the kids observe the poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that	The doctors that criticize the friends encourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that	The doctors that greet the friends avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that	The doctors that know the uncles remember the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the kids understand the teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the poets stimulate the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The doctors that observe the women discourage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that admire the athletes know the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
subjrel_that	The farmers that avoid the fathers approve the friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
subjrel_that	The farmers that confuse the girls engage the friends	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The farmers that confuse the teachers engage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The farmers that confuse the uncles engage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The farmers that discourage the girls admire the kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The farmers that encourage the aunts greet the uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that	The farmers that encourage the uncles observe the teachers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that	The farmers that know the doctors inspire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The farmers that observe the victims stimulate the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the doctors encourage the men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the doctors engage the men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the men understand the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
subjrel_that	The farmers that remember the poets admire the women	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
subjrel_that	The farmers that understand the friends discourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that admire the boys understand the friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that	The fathers that approve the carpenters greet the teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that	The fathers that confuse the men engage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The fathers that confuse the women avoid the men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The fathers that criticize the carpenters confuse the victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that	The fathers that encourage the men criticize the friends	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The fathers that greet the carpenters discourage the kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that	The fathers that know the singers avoid the boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
subjrel_that	The fathers that know the teachers remember the guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The fathers that remember the lawyers stimulate the men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that	The fathers that remember the singers encourage the uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The friends that avoid the kids understand the poets	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
subjrel_that	The friends that discourage the men admire the poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that	The friends that engage the boys know the kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that	The friends that engage the uncles confuse the athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The friends that observe the singers remember the teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The friends that understand the women greet the doctors	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The girls that approve the guys inspire the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that	The girls that confuse the boys know the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that discourage the lawyers stimulate the boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The girls that greet the carpenters know the uncles	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that	The girls that stimulate the guys approve the teachers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that admire the poets inspire the boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that	The guys that criticize the men understand the victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that	The guys that encourage the carpenters inspire the mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the doctors stimulate the poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The guys that engage the women encourage the men	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that inspire the mothers admire the friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that	The guys that inspire the teachers approve the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that	The guys that observe the women encourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that remember the doctors encourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The guys that stimulate the poets confuse the farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that admire the boys engage the mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
subjrel_that	The kids that discourage the lawyers understand the boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The kids that encourage the farmers admire the aunts	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that	The kids that know the fathers confuse the friends	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that observe the mothers confuse the farmers	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that	The kids that observe the mothers discourage the guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that	The kids that understand the men discourage the girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that approve the women observe the uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that avoid the athletes engage the men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that engage the carpenters observe the mothers	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that	The lawyers that greet the fathers admire the victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that	The lawyers that know the poets understand the aunts	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the boys greet the uncles	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The lawyers that observe the uncles engage the guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
subjrel_that	The lawyers that stimulate the fathers encourage the poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that	The men that admire the teachers stimulate the mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that approve the fathers admire the athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
subjrel_that	The men that confuse the teachers stimulate the girls	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the lawyers remember the poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The men that criticize the women confuse the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the carpenters greet the poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the girls inspire the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The men that discourage the teachers understand the doctors	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that	The men that engage the victims inspire the doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
subjrel_that	The men that remember the women engage the friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that	The men that understand the fathers inspire the farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that	The men that understand the mothers admire the friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
subjrel_that	The mothers that confuse the kids engage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that	The mothers that criticize the girls engage the victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that	The mothers that criticize the lawyers admire the singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that	The mothers that discourage the guys approve the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that encourage the carpenters know the girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
subjrel_that	The mothers that encourage the men approve the poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the farmers inspire the poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that	The mothers that greet the singers approve the poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
subjrel_that	The mothers that inspire the boys criticize the teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that	The mothers that know the men discourage the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
subjrel_that	The mothers that know the uncles remember the fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that	The mothers that understand the fathers know the boys	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
subjrel_that	The mothers that understand the women stimulate the athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the kids approve the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that	The poets that confuse the singers avoid the women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that	The poets that criticize the aunts confuse the victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that discourage the singers confuse the doctors	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that engage the doctors greet the farmers	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that engage the men confuse the uncles	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that engage the singers confuse the kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that	The poets that greet the aunts understand the kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
subjrel_that	The poets that inspire the lawyers greet the women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that	The poets that remember the aunts observe the guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The singers that admire the lawyers approve the boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
subjrel_that	The singers that approve the teachers remember the boys	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that	The singers that avoid the athletes greet the guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that	The singers that confuse the teachers encourage the victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The singers that criticize the mothers observe the men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that	The singers that discourage the doctors confuse the aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The singers that discourage the farmers approve the guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that	The singers that discourage the kids inspire the poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that	The singers that encourage the mothers avoid the fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that	The singers that engage the farmers admire the kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that	The singers that inspire the women stimulate the girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The singers that observe the athletes know the uncles	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The singers that stimulate the uncles observe the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The teachers that approve the poets stimulate the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that	The teachers that confuse the fathers inspire the victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that	The teachers that criticize the girls remember the uncles	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that criticize the lawyers remember the men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that	The teachers that discourage the guys criticize the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The teachers that discourage the women confuse the friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that	The teachers that encourage the poets know the mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
subjrel_that	The teachers that inspire the boys encourage the farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that inspire the uncles avoid the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that	The teachers that know the men approve the mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
subjrel_that	The teachers that observe the fathers admire the kids	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
subjrel_that	The teachers that observe the kids greet the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that	The teachers that observe the poets know the friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that	The teachers that remember the fathers observe the mothers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that	The teachers that remember the girls encourage the singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that stimulate the fathers discourage the friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that	The teachers that understand the men admire the friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
subjrel_that	The uncles that approve the girls confuse the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
subjrel_that	The uncles that confuse the athletes discourage the teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that observe the athletes remember the poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
subjrel_that	The uncles that remember the poets encourage the athletes	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that	The uncles that understand the mothers greet the girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that	The victims that admire the aunts stimulate the boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that	The victims that confuse the women encourage the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that	The victims that encourage the aunts discourage the men	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that	The victims that encourage the lawyers stimulate the poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that	The victims that engage the athletes inspire the guys	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
subjrel_that	The victims that greet the fathers remember the singers	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The victims that know the boys inspire the guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that	The victims that know the farmers engage the singers	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
subjrel_that	The victims that know the friends greet the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that	The victims that observe the men approve the doctors	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
subjrel_that	The victims that remember the kids criticize the girls	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that	The victims that stimulate the poets avoid the carpenters	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The victims that stimulate the poets avoid the women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that	The victims that stimulate the uncles observe the singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that	The victims that understand the uncles approve the poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that	The women that admire the victims observe the uncles	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
subjrel_that	The women that avoid the victims admire the doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that	The women that confuse the kids admire the poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
subjrel_that	The women that encourage the men criticize the friends	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that	The women that greet the lawyers remember the doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
subjrel_that	The women that inspire the friends understand the boys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that	The women that know the kids understand the mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that	The women that observe the men inspire the lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
subjrel_that	The women that stimulate the friends admire the boys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that	The women that understand the mothers observe the singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel_adj	The ecstatic athlete the old doctor admires avoids the sad lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objrel_adj	The tiny athlete the small farmer criticizes confuses the old poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_adj	The huge athlete the young farmer understands encourages the little victim	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel_adj	The miserable athlete the old father remembers knows the large singer	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objrel_adj	The old athlete the young friend understands encourages the happy poet	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
objrel_adj	The small athlete the huge kid inspires encourages the tiny uncle	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objrel_adj	The miserable athlete the happy kid observes understands the big girl	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objrel_adj	The ecstatic athlete the huge man discourages remembers the big uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel_adj	The happy athlete the big singer confuses admires the huge woman	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objrel_adj	The ecstatic athlete the little singer criticizes encourages the sad boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objrel_adj	The large athlete the joyful uncle confuses remembers the huge farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objrel_adj	The huge athlete the tiny uncle understands greets the ecstatic farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel_adj	The young athlete the happy victim admires inspires the tiny girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objrel_adj	The old athlete the big victim greets discourages the young carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objrel_adj	The ecstatic athlete the miserable victim understands observes the sad woman	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objrel_adj	The young aunt the sad athlete inspires engages the ecstatic doctor	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel_adj	The large aunt the joyful doctor greets knows the huge father	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel_adj	The miserable aunt the ecstatic doctor greets understands the large carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
objrel_adj	The miserable aunt the old girl stimulates understands the tiny father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objrel_adj	The tiny aunt the small mother encourages knows the happy guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel_adj	The old aunt the small mother stimulates confuses the big friend	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel_adj	The little aunt the tiny mother understands discourages the joyful father	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objrel_adj	The miserable aunt the happy poet confuses approves the young athlete	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objrel_adj	The little aunt the old singer criticizes greets the young victim	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel_adj	The large aunt the huge teacher confuses avoids the big guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objrel_adj	The old aunt the little uncle inspires greets the tiny man	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objrel_adj	The little boy the joyful athlete confuses inspires the small aunt	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objrel_adj	The miserable boy the small friend knows greets the huge girl	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel_adj	The small boy the joyful girl remembers criticizes the happy mother	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objrel_adj	The tiny boy the ecstatic kid discourages avoids the huge poet	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel_adj	The old boy the big man avoids greets the sad friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objrel_adj	The joyful boy the miserable man remembers approves the tiny farmer	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_adj	The sad boy the huge uncle criticizes knows the small poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objrel_adj	The sad boy the huge uncle remembers encourages the joyful lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel_adj	The big carpenter the tiny aunt confuses avoids the miserable victim	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
objrel_adj	The tiny carpenter the sad doctor approves observes the ecstatic teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objrel_adj	The young carpenter the joyful father engages greets the old man	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objrel_adj	The ecstatic carpenter the young guy confuses remembers the miserable mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objrel_adj	The joyful carpenter the old guy remembers avoids the sad friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel_adj	The old carpenter the little kid engages understands the big uncle	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objrel_adj	The little carpenter the joyful man discourages avoids the ecstatic friend	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel_adj	The miserable carpenter the young mother remembers knows the joyful poet	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objrel_adj	The old carpenter the large singer understands greets the little athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel_adj	The miserable carpenter the little woman greets remembers the ecstatic doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objrel_adj	The joyful carpenter the happy woman remembers greets the young farmer	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
objrel_adj	The huge doctor the large athlete understands confuses the young farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
objrel_adj	The small doctor the ecstatic carpenter encourages greets the tiny lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel_adj	The joyful doctor the ecstatic farmer approves understands the large father	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objrel_adj	The huge doctor the young father avoids criticizes the small poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objrel_adj	The little doctor the ecstatic father knows engages the happy woman	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objrel_adj	The big doctor the joyful guy approves confuses the miserable girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
objrel_adj	The small doctor the big teacher engages confuses the joyful carpenter	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objrel_adj	The sad doctor the little teacher observes discourages the tiny friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel_adj	The little doctor the tiny teacher understands engages the big aunt	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel_adj	The ecstatic doctor the huge uncle knows observes the happy victim	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel_adj	The ecstatic doctor the sad victim admires engages the young mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
objrel_adj	The large farmer the little aunt discourages understands the huge boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objrel_adj	The happy farmer the large aunt observes confuses the tiny friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objrel_adj	The young farmer the large guy confuses stimulates the joyful woman	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel_adj	The big farmer the old guy encourages knows the joyful lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel_adj	The old farmer the joyful man knows confuses the large girl	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objrel_adj	The huge farmer the happy uncle discourages confuses the joyful teacher	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objrel_adj	The ecstatic farmer the huge victim admires remembers the old man	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objrel_adj	The ecstatic farmer the huge victim understands approves the happy singer	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objrel_adj	The young father the tiny athlete engages remembers the big boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objrel_adj	The large father the happy aunt avoids knows the sad athlete	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objrel_adj	The big father the large farmer approves observes the old guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objrel_adj	The large father the tiny friend encourages observes the ecstatic uncle	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel_adj	The young father the small girl inspires approves the miserable teacher	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objrel_adj	The joyful father the huge lawyer avoids greets the young man	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objrel_adj	The tiny father the large mother avoids greets the old friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objrel_adj	The happy father the large mother confuses greets the young man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objrel_adj	The tiny father the old teacher criticizes stimulates the small guy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objrel_adj	The tiny father the huge woman knows approves the joyful lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
objrel_adj	The happy friend the little athlete criticizes admires the young guy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objrel_adj	The big friend the little carpenter admires encourages the sad teacher	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objrel_adj	The huge friend the old carpenter approves criticizes the little lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
objrel_adj	The tiny friend the huge farmer encourages stimulates the large doctor	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_adj	The old friend the large girl engages avoids the miserable mother	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objrel_adj	The sad friend the large guy admires confuses the tiny poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objrel_adj	The joyful friend the large man encourages criticizes the happy kid	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel_adj	The old friend the happy man stimulates inspires the tiny teacher	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objrel_adj	The joyful friend the miserable uncle discourages remembers the tiny guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objrel_adj	The large girl the happy athlete engages encourages the young farmer	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objrel_adj	The big girl the little carpenter knows remembers the small friend	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objrel_adj	The tiny girl the little father approves criticizes the big man	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
objrel_adj	The old girl the sad guy knows remembers the large kid	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objrel_adj	The miserable girl the large lawyer approves engages the big teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objrel_adj	The little girl the joyful mother stimulates engages the ecstatic father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objrel_adj	The happy girl the huge poet discourages engages the miserable man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_adj	The little girl the old singer remembers avoids the tiny aunt	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel_adj	The joyful girl the huge woman criticizes understands the miserable singer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel_adj	The huge guy the old carpenter discourages greets the little girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objrel_adj	The happy guy the young carpenter knows criticizes the big uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objrel_adj	The large guy the tiny carpenter observes avoids the little father	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objrel_adj	The little guy the old farmer stimulates encourages the ecstatic carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
objrel_adj	The old guy the happy friend knows discourages the tiny doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objrel_adj	The happy guy the large man remembers avoids the small father	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel_adj	The large guy the old singer avoids knows the huge boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
objrel_adj	The joyful guy the huge uncle greets engages the miserable athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
objrel_adj	The big guy the little uncle observes knows the huge lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel_adj	The joyful guy the large woman admires greets the sad girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
objrel_adj	The ecstatic kid the small aunt discourages greets the happy uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objrel_adj	The old kid the joyful aunt stimulates greets the large doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objrel_adj	The small kid the sad farmer knows greets the young athlete	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel_adj	The small kid the miserable girl discourages admires the young uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objrel_adj	The big kid the joyful girl engages understands the small boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objrel_adj	The big kid the small guy knows greets the ecstatic poet	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel_adj	The young kid the sad lawyer engages knows the tiny father	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objrel_adj	The small kid the sad man approves avoids the tiny guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objrel_adj	The small kid the sad singer avoids greets the large guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objrel_adj	The miserable kid the small singer encourages understands the joyful father	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objrel_adj	The big kid the tiny woman admires discourages the small guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
objrel_adj	The ecstatic lawyer the miserable father greets discourages the big mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objrel_adj	The old lawyer the sad friend stimulates admires the little mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objrel_adj	The tiny lawyer the huge guy encourages greets the small athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel_adj	The young lawyer the happy guy engages discourages the huge girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel_adj	The large lawyer the huge kid greets confuses the sad girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objrel_adj	The huge lawyer the sad poet understands inspires the ecstatic uncle	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
objrel_adj	The small lawyer the happy singer admires understands the ecstatic uncle	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objrel_adj	The little lawyer the sad uncle knows admires the joyful mother	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objrel_adj	The young lawyer the sad victim approves admires the happy singer	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objrel_adj	The happy lawyer the old woman remembers discourages the little boy	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objrel_adj	The old man the huge boy knows admires the big doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objrel_adj	The sad man the small doctor encourages confuses the large athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
objrel_adj	The ecstatic man the sad farmer encourages criticizes the young guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
objrel_adj	The ecstatic man the happy girl greets observes the tiny doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objrel_adj	The young man the small lawyer remembers stimulates the big doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel_adj	The young man the big lawyer stimulates confuses the little doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel_adj	The big man the happy mother inspires avoids the huge farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objrel_adj	The big man the sad mother understands discourages the miserable uncle	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objrel_adj	The sad man the joyful poet stimulates avoids the little teacher	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objrel_adj	The sad man the miserable teacher understands criticizes the little carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objrel_adj	The miserable man the tiny uncle greets discourages the large girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
objrel_adj	The huge mother the miserable athlete approves remembers the joyful guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objrel_adj	The big mother the tiny athlete criticizes confuses the old man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_adj	The old mother the huge boy criticizes stimulates the tiny guy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
objrel_adj	The ecstatic mother the miserable doctor remembers avoids the old lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel_adj	The huge mother the joyful farmer knows stimulates the miserable carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel_adj	The sad mother the ecstatic farmer observes admires the miserable father	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objrel_adj	The old mother the big friend observes approves the miserable guy	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objrel_adj	The tiny mother the joyful guy inspires encourages the miserable boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objrel_adj	The large mother the small man admires remembers the joyful singer	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objrel_adj	The small mother the sad singer knows criticizes the tiny uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objrel_adj	The old mother the small woman confuses admires the young singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objrel_adj	The joyful mother the young woman confuses greets the small farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objrel_adj	The huge poet the ecstatic aunt discourages stimulates the sad victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel_adj	The miserable poet the sad aunt observes approves the little uncle	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objrel_adj	The tiny poet the huge aunt observes avoids the old friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
objrel_adj	The happy poet the small boy admires remembers the sad guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
objrel_adj	The old poet the small girl engages stimulates the ecstatic carpenter	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
objrel_adj	The little poet the happy guy remembers understands the sad father	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
objrel_adj	The huge poet the old kid approves encourages the ecstatic boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel_adj	The joyful poet the old kid engages inspires the happy teacher	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objrel_adj	The young poet the tiny kid inspires engages the old girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel_adj	The tiny poet the miserable lawyer avoids understands the old singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objrel_adj	The joyful poet the miserable victim inspires confuses the tiny boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel_adj	The big singer the old athlete avoids stimulates the sad aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objrel_adj	The little singer the small boy greets knows the happy farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel_adj	The ecstatic singer the old carpenter observes knows the young woman	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel_adj	The joyful singer the happy doctor stimulates observes the small aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objrel_adj	The old singer the large lawyer remembers encourages the little doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel_adj	The large singer the sad man criticizes encourages the young carpenter	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objrel_adj	The happy singer the ecstatic poet remembers avoids the miserable kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel_adj	The joyful singer the miserable victim encourages approves the small woman	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objrel_adj	The tiny teacher the ecstatic aunt discourages criticizes the young farmer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
objrel_adj	The joyful teacher the huge boy understands greets the tiny doctor	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objrel_adj	The big teacher the little carpenter engages knows the joyful farmer	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objrel_adj	The old teacher the happy lawyer criticizes inspires the small girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
objrel_adj	The small teacher the little lawyer remembers stimulates the huge singer	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objrel_adj	The large teacher the old poet inspires avoids the tiny uncle	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
objrel_adj	The happy teacher the sad poet observes knows the miserable lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel_adj	The huge teacher the big singer remembers encourages the large victim	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel_adj	The tiny uncle the ecstatic friend knows greets the miserable mother	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel_adj	The small uncle the joyful man understands inspires the tiny woman	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
objrel_adj	The large victim the sad boy admires encourages the joyful poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objrel_adj	The huge victim the big boy encourages greets the small guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel_adj	The small victim the happy boy remembers knows the old woman	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objrel_adj	The happy victim the huge carpenter greets stimulates the young doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objrel_adj	The huge victim the happy father understands criticizes the young aunt	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objrel_adj	The miserable victim the happy guy admires criticizes the large friend	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objrel_adj	The small victim the young kid confuses discourages the ecstatic teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
objrel_adj	The young victim the happy kid discourages stimulates the ecstatic girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
objrel_adj	The little victim the joyful mother observes knows the huge poet	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel_adj	The young victim the huge uncle observes knows the big poet	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
objrel_adj	The miserable woman the young carpenter stimulates greets the ecstatic girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objrel_adj	The huge woman the joyful doctor approves understands the big kid	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objrel_adj	The young woman the huge doctor discourages engages the big singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_adj	The huge woman the ecstatic doctor greets criticizes the large poet	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objrel_adj	The sad woman the miserable father discourages confuses the old guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objrel_adj	The small woman the huge father understands remembers the happy girl	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objrel_adj	The large woman the young girl observes confuses the small man	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objrel_adj	The large woman the little girl observes remembers the small mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objrel_adj	The big woman the ecstatic kid avoids admires the small athlete	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel_adj	The happy woman the miserable kid inspires criticizes the joyful singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objrel_adj	The big woman the old poet remembers inspires the happy lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objrel_adj	The old woman the miserable poet stimulates knows the tiny friend	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objrel_adj	The ecstatic woman the small singer understands engages the huge uncle	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel_adj	The sad woman the little teacher encourages greets the large athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel_adj	The huge woman the happy victim criticizes admires the small carpenter	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objrel_adj	The large athlete the young boy knows criticizes the huge victims	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
objrel_adj	The young athlete the joyful boy stimulates confuses the sad girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
objrel_adj	The large athlete the miserable doctor admires stimulates the big guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel_adj	The old athlete the joyful farmer confuses stimulates the big guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_adj	The happy athlete the miserable girl approves admires the old boys	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel_adj	The miserable athlete the happy poet greets stimulates the sad farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
objrel_adj	The little athlete the big singer confuses discourages the old guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
objrel_adj	The miserable athlete the young teacher confuses avoids the tiny kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
objrel_adj	The old athlete the tiny teacher knows greets the joyful girls	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
objrel_adj	The large athlete the little woman greets approves the big lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
objrel_adj	The old athlete the happy woman observes remembers the tiny fathers	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel_adj	The tiny aunt the young athlete remembers engages the large poets	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
objrel_adj	The tiny aunt the young doctor stimulates observes the happy mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
objrel_adj	The tiny aunt the huge farmer confuses knows the miserable carpenters	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel_adj	The joyful aunt the old farmer engages observes the tiny men	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
objrel_adj	The big aunt the huge farmer understands greets the tiny fathers	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
objrel_adj	The little aunt the small girl approves greets the happy men	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
objrel_adj	The sad aunt the large guy discourages knows the old uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel_adj	The big aunt the sad kid encourages stimulates the happy singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
objrel_adj	The miserable aunt the young man discourages admires the old singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
objrel_adj	The tiny aunt the small teacher stimulates approves the ecstatic lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel_adj	The happy aunt the big uncle confuses understands the old athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
objrel_adj	The miserable aunt the tiny uncle remembers knows the young men	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
objrel_adj	The ecstatic aunt the sad woman greets knows the huge guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
objrel_adj	The joyful boy the huge athlete greets stimulates the little guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
objrel_adj	The little boy the large athlete observes avoids the joyful farmers	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
objrel_adj	The small boy the miserable aunt stimulates confuses the little kids	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
objrel_adj	The joyful boy the huge doctor engages confuses the happy lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
objrel_adj	The ecstatic boy the miserable doctor engages inspires the joyful fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel_adj	The small boy the ecstatic friend avoids discourages the miserable fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_adj	The ecstatic boy the little lawyer confuses approves the old mothers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel_adj	The small boy the sad man inspires understands the huge aunts	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_adj	The huge boy the happy poet knows criticizes the miserable teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
objrel_adj	The large boy the tiny teacher inspires remembers the little uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel_adj	The little boy the sad victim confuses greets the large teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
objrel_adj	The ecstatic boy the small victim observes admires the tiny athletes	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
objrel_adj	The old carpenter the ecstatic athlete understands greets the big singers	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
objrel_adj	The joyful carpenter the big boy understands approves the huge girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
objrel_adj	The old carpenter the sad lawyer remembers greets the young boys	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
objrel_adj	The large carpenter the young singer approves avoids the huge teachers	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
objrel_adj	The tiny carpenter the little teacher remembers inspires the old doctors	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
objrel_adj	The old carpenter the tiny victim engages understands the sad teachers	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
objrel_adj	The young carpenter the huge woman criticizes knows the small boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel_adj	The huge doctor the sad athlete knows understands the old farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
objrel_adj	The old doctor the ecstatic athlete understands remembers the young mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
objrel_adj	The ecstatic doctor the big carpenter criticizes knows the tiny guys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
objrel_adj	The big doctor the happy father inspires remembers the little lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel_adj	The happy doctor the big friend discourages understands the miserable aunts	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
objrel_adj	The happy doctor the small kid remembers approves the ecstatic boys	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
objrel_adj	The huge doctor the old mother confuses admires the large men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_adj	The old doctor the huge mother observes understands the large farmers	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
objrel_adj	The happy doctor the joyful mother stimulates encourages the little athletes	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel_adj	The tiny doctor the big uncle criticizes inspires the small friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
objrel_adj	The small farmer the ecstatic athlete remembers admires the little doctors	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
objrel_adj	The sad farmer the big aunt discourages avoids the miserable friends	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
objrel_adj	The joyful farmer the miserable carpenter avoids observes the old women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
objrel_adj	The young farmer the small carpenter engages remembers the large boys	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel_adj	The happy farmer the miserable father understands stimulates the ecstatic boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
objrel_adj	The young farmer the large kid avoids remembers the huge poets	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
objrel_adj	The happy farmer the sad mother knows discourages the young boys	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
objrel_adj	The miserable farmer the big mother observes avoids the old teachers	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
objrel_adj	The ecstatic farmer the young singer confuses encourages the sad fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel_adj	The huge father the big aunt confuses approves the large women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
objrel_adj	The small father the miserable aunt inspires greets the ecstatic victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
objrel_adj	The huge father the big aunt stimulates avoids the ecstatic lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
objrel_adj	The sad father the tiny boy inspires avoids the small carpenters	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
objrel_adj	The tiny father the happy boy observes approves the huge kids	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
objrel_adj	The joyful father the big friend encourages approves the young poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
objrel_adj	The miserable father the large friend knows encourages the tiny kids	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
objrel_adj	The little father the joyful girl greets encourages the big men	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
objrel_adj	The ecstatic father the small girl inspires observes the miserable singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
objrel_adj	The huge father the small guy inspires confuses the joyful lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
objrel_adj	The large father the tiny man avoids approves the big boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
objrel_adj	The little father the ecstatic mother remembers admires the small women	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
objrel_adj	The ecstatic father the huge singer discourages encourages the large aunts	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourage
objrel_adj	The young father the miserable singer discourages knows the happy uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel_adj	The old friend the big doctor knows discourages the huge men	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
objrel_adj	The ecstatic friend the little lawyer engages remembers the huge uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel_adj	The tiny friend the big man avoids admires the old kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel_adj	The large friend the joyful poet confuses observes the huge men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
objrel_adj	The young girl the tiny boy criticizes greets the small uncles	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
objrel_adj	The old girl the tiny carpenter approves encourages the sad mothers	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourage
objrel_adj	The small girl the young carpenter knows stimulates the miserable women	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
objrel_adj	The ecstatic girl the huge father approves admires the tiny kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel_adj	The miserable girl the little guy approves criticizes the tiny victims	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
objrel_adj	The young girl the happy kid stimulates discourages the ecstatic boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel_adj	The large girl the big lawyer engages stimulates the huge victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
objrel_adj	The young girl the sad poet greets remembers the small singers	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel_adj	The sad girl the small poet inspires approves the ecstatic athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
objrel_adj	The sad girl the small teacher approves confuses the large victims	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
objrel_adj	The big girl the huge teacher avoids approves the happy guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
objrel_adj	The joyful guy the young athlete approves remembers the large farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
objrel_adj	The small guy the happy athlete stimulates admires the little fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
objrel_adj	The miserable guy the huge friend stimulates observes the tiny lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
objrel_adj	The joyful guy the big kid encourages avoids the old doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
objrel_adj	The ecstatic guy the sad kid remembers encourages the little carpenters	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel_adj	The tiny guy the miserable man avoids admires the young mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel_adj	The happy guy the small man criticizes admires the sad fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel_adj	The happy guy the little mother greets understands the sad athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
objrel_adj	The joyful guy the young poet understands criticizes the small girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel_adj	The tiny guy the miserable singer remembers stimulates the little farmers	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
objrel_adj	The big kid the joyful aunt understands encourages the huge boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel_adj	The big kid the huge farmer knows criticizes the small doctors	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
objrel_adj	The big kid the ecstatic guy confuses stimulates the huge aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_adj	The happy kid the big lawyer criticizes understands the little singers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
objrel_adj	The little kid the tiny uncle stimulates greets the joyful doctors	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel_adj	The young kid the joyful woman knows remembers the large lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
objrel_adj	The happy lawyer the tiny aunt observes engages the young men	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
objrel_adj	The joyful lawyer the miserable boy approves criticizes the huge singers	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
objrel_adj	The ecstatic lawyer the huge doctor admires understands the large aunts	singular	singular	plural	admire	understand
objrel_adj	The ecstatic lawyer the big doctor stimulates understands the happy boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
objrel_adj	The little lawyer the joyful friend discourages criticizes the sad doctors	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticize
objrel_adj	The huge lawyer the old girl greets understands the ecstatic men	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
objrel_adj	The big lawyer the huge girl knows avoids the old athletes	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
objrel_adj	The small lawyer the large kid observes admires the joyful farmers	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
objrel_adj	The huge lawyer the ecstatic mother observes understands the tiny aunts	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
objrel_adj	The old lawyer the happy mother remembers discourages the huge uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
objrel_adj	The sad lawyer the large uncle encourages knows the tiny boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel_adj	The joyful lawyer the large woman knows confuses the ecstatic uncles	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
objrel_adj	The huge man the happy aunt stimulates remembers the old mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
objrel_adj	The young man the old friend approves admires the ecstatic fathers	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel_adj	The joyful man the young lawyer remembers criticizes the sad teachers	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
objrel_adj	The young man the little teacher approves confuses the joyful women	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
objrel_adj	The old man the young teacher remembers knows the joyful uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
objrel_adj	The small mother the young athlete admires stimulates the ecstatic fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel_adj	The big mother the young doctor engages approves the old kids	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
objrel_adj	The happy mother the big farmer knows engages the large fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel_adj	The huge mother the tiny kid understands remembers the ecstatic doctors	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
objrel_adj	The young mother the ecstatic poet stimulates admires the little singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
objrel_adj	The miserable mother the joyful singer stimulates approves the big men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel_adj	The young mother the joyful uncle discourages engages the old victims	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
objrel_adj	The huge mother the happy uncle stimulates understands the little teachers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
objrel_adj	The huge mother the small victim remembers approves the old lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
objrel_adj	The happy poet the young boy confuses remembers the large fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
objrel_adj	The little poet the happy doctor criticizes inspires the large farmers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
objrel_adj	The small poet the ecstatic friend remembers discourages the sad mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
objrel_adj	The miserable poet the little mother avoids approves the young carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
objrel_adj	The large poet the ecstatic mother avoids inspires the happy kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
objrel_adj	The small poet the big mother inspires admires the miserable women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
objrel_adj	The small poet the happy woman admires avoids the big carpenters	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
objrel_adj	The large singer the big athlete remembers greets the joyful lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
objrel_adj	The old singer the large boy approves discourages the ecstatic men	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
objrel_adj	The little singer the old doctor knows admires the joyful carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel_adj	The tiny singer the ecstatic friend remembers stimulates the happy doctors	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
objrel_adj	The miserable singer the joyful friend understands criticizes the small women	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel_adj	The ecstatic singer the tiny girl admires understands the old men	singular	singular	plural	admire	understand
objrel_adj	The large singer the young man inspires criticizes the small carpenters	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
objrel_adj	The tiny singer the miserable mother criticizes engages the little doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
objrel_adj	The small singer the joyful mother engages observes the ecstatic aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
objrel_adj	The joyful singer the ecstatic victim criticizes understands the little lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
objrel_adj	The miserable singer the big victim discourages stimulates the young boys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
objrel_adj	The young singer the huge woman approves understands the old uncles	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel_adj	The ecstatic singer the tiny woman greets avoids the sad guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
objrel_adj	The small teacher the joyful athlete admires stimulates the happy lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel_adj	The ecstatic teacher the young aunt discourages admires the tiny uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
objrel_adj	The old teacher the tiny carpenter confuses engages the small kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
objrel_adj	The big teacher the huge carpenter greets remembers the miserable uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel_adj	The happy teacher the small carpenter stimulates inspires the miserable boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
objrel_adj	The huge teacher the tiny farmer admires remembers the young victims	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
objrel_adj	The big teacher the old guy approves knows the sad carpenters	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel_adj	The happy teacher the large kid observes understands the miserable singers	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
objrel_adj	The young teacher the old mother approves observes the huge friends	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
objrel_adj	The ecstatic teacher the small mother knows admires the sad aunts	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel_adj	The large teacher the sad poet observes stimulates the tiny boys	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
objrel_adj	The large teacher the little singer approves engages the young lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
objrel_adj	The sad teacher the small woman approves inspires the large girls	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
objrel_adj	The young teacher the small woman understands approves the joyful carpenters	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
objrel_adj	The small uncle the miserable boy approves criticizes the sad farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
objrel_adj	The large uncle the sad boy engages criticizes the joyful poets	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
objrel_adj	The tiny uncle the young doctor approves observes the ecstatic fathers	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
objrel_adj	The old uncle the small farmer inspires remembers the huge kids	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel_adj	The tiny uncle the little father confuses admires the sad teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_adj	The little uncle the happy father criticizes avoids the sad women	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
objrel_adj	The sad uncle the joyful father inspires understands the large mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_adj	The huge uncle the old friend inspires encourages the little singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
objrel_adj	The young uncle the tiny guy approves stimulates the small aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel_adj	The young uncle the old guy discourages knows the joyful poets	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel_adj	The young uncle the huge man encourages discourages the old aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel_adj	The huge uncle the old singer discourages observes the happy men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
objrel_adj	The happy uncle the large teacher discourages stimulates the big men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
objrel_adj	The miserable victim the little carpenter encourages observes the ecstatic aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
objrel_adj	The old victim the young farmer engages stimulates the huge aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
objrel_adj	The small victim the miserable friend confuses admires the tiny athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_adj	The happy victim the tiny girl understands encourages the old kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel_adj	The happy victim the young man avoids discourages the tiny singers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_adj	The huge victim the miserable man greets remembers the tiny guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel_adj	The huge victim the tiny man stimulates confuses the miserable aunts	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
objrel_adj	The tiny victim the sad mother admires confuses the huge athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
objrel_adj	The sad victim the ecstatic poet encourages avoids the large athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
objrel_adj	The old victim the large poet greets observes the happy farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel_adj	The sad victim the young poet observes inspires the little aunts	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel_adj	The miserable victim the happy woman greets observes the ecstatic friends	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel_adj	The young woman the big boy observes inspires the joyful poets	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel_adj	The miserable woman the tiny doctor approves remembers the big carpenters	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
objrel_adj	The big woman the small farmer observes admires the large singers	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
objrel_adj	The huge woman the little kid knows stimulates the tiny poets	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
objrel_adj	The big woman the tiny lawyer avoids encourages the sad kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel_adj	The old woman the miserable man admires stimulates the tiny teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
objrel_adj	The huge woman the old poet remembers observes the young athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
objrel_adj	The tiny woman the small uncle stimulates confuses the joyful guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
objrel_adj	The large athlete the old aunts understand inspires the young man	singular	plural	singular	understands	inspire
objrel_adj	The large athlete the tiny carpenters avoid observes the young uncle	singular	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objrel_adj	The old athlete the young friends remember confuses the ecstatic mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel_adj	The joyful athlete the small poets greet knows the happy lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greets	know
objrel_adj	The small athlete the joyful teachers observe confuses the huge aunt	singular	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objrel_adj	The sad athlete the young uncles inspire criticizes the old woman	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel_adj	The big athlete the miserable uncles know avoids the huge girl	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel_adj	The little athlete the miserable women observe greets the happy mother	singular	plural	singular	observes	greet
objrel_adj	The happy aunt the sad boys engage knows the miserable carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engages	know
objrel_adj	The sad aunt the young boys inspire stimulates the old carpenter	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel_adj	The happy aunt the sad carpenters understand admires the little woman	singular	plural	singular	understands	admire
objrel_adj	The ecstatic aunt the large doctors avoid engages the tiny guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objrel_adj	The old aunt the large friends remember avoids the huge doctor	singular	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objrel_adj	The small aunt the huge guys approve engages the little man	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel_adj	The ecstatic aunt the little guys engage greets the small woman	singular	plural	singular	engages	greet
objrel_adj	The young aunt the happy singers engage knows the large carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engages	know
objrel_adj	The happy aunt the huge teachers observe stimulates the little doctor	singular	plural	singular	observes	stimulate
objrel_adj	The old aunt the sad victims greet stimulates the joyful boy	singular	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objrel_adj	The tiny boy the joyful athletes engage stimulates the little father	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel_adj	The tiny boy the young fathers understand approves the small lawyer	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel_adj	The big boy the small friends approve admires the little singer	singular	plural	singular	approves	admire
objrel_adj	The little boy the large girls stimulate greets the miserable friend	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objrel_adj	The little boy the big lawyers inspire understands the young victim	singular	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objrel_adj	The huge boy the old lawyers stimulate avoids the ecstatic carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objrel_adj	The sad boy the miserable men criticize inspires the joyful friend	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel_adj	The big boy the old poets know confuses the small athlete	singular	plural	singular	knows	confuse
objrel_adj	The big boy the ecstatic uncles observe approves the old mother	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel_adj	The joyful boy the huge uncles understand encourages the large mother	singular	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objrel_adj	The joyful carpenter the little athletes approve understands the huge singer	singular	plural	singular	approves	understand
objrel_adj	The young carpenter the sad doctors approve observes the tiny girl	singular	plural	singular	approves	observe
objrel_adj	The sad carpenter the old doctors discourage stimulates the huge kid	singular	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objrel_adj	The big carpenter the huge farmers confuse approves the young lawyer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objrel_adj	The little carpenter the big farmers inspire encourages the old poet	singular	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objrel_adj	The large carpenter the miserable farmers remember inspires the young athlete	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel_adj	The old carpenter the miserable lawyers remember approves the huge guy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objrel_adj	The miserable carpenter the huge men encourage observes the large girl	singular	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objrel_adj	The joyful carpenter the little mothers confuse observes the happy boy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	observe
objrel_adj	The joyful carpenter the old uncles approve knows the young poet	singular	plural	singular	approves	know
objrel_adj	The sad carpenter the old women stimulate confuses the miserable singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel_adj	The huge doctor the happy carpenters admire confuses the ecstatic victim	singular	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objrel_adj	The happy doctor the little carpenters know inspires the tiny poet	singular	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objrel_adj	The joyful doctor the sad guys observe discourages the young victim	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel_adj	The happy doctor the joyful guys remember criticizes the ecstatic girl	singular	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objrel_adj	The young doctor the ecstatic guys remember inspires the happy kid	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel_adj	The old doctor the young kids confuse admires the little victim	singular	plural	singular	confuses	admire
objrel_adj	The little doctor the miserable kids discourage confuses the old father	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel_adj	The small farmer the young athletes greet observes the huge girl	singular	plural	singular	greets	observe
objrel_adj	The small farmer the happy boys observe remembers the old lawyer	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel_adj	The ecstatic farmer the old carpenters avoid stimulates the joyful aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objrel_adj	The sad farmer the old lawyers encourage criticizes the small girl	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel_adj	The small farmer the big lawyers remember observes the huge carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objrel_adj	The young farmer the large singers confuse criticizes the small doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel_adj	The ecstatic farmer the small teachers observe criticizes the joyful singer	singular	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objrel_adj	The joyful father the ecstatic aunts engage observes the happy doctor	singular	plural	singular	engages	observe
objrel_adj	The miserable father the young aunts stimulate inspires the little girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	inspire
objrel_adj	The happy father the little carpenters engage encourages the huge kid	singular	plural	singular	engages	encourage
objrel_adj	The old father the happy kids engage understands the little doctor	singular	plural	singular	engages	understand
objrel_adj	The sad father the miserable kids inspire observes the young lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel_adj	The sad father the little mothers stimulate approves the small doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objrel_adj	The ecstatic father the large uncles inspire discourages the big boy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objrel_adj	The happy friend the sad aunts avoid inspires the big man	singular	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objrel_adj	The joyful friend the happy doctors inspire discourages the huge teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objrel_adj	The tiny friend the happy doctors observe approves the young victim	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel_adj	The tiny friend the young farmers confuse criticizes the huge girl	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel_adj	The ecstatic friend the joyful guys observe avoids the small woman	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_adj	The joyful friend the little kids avoid encourages the young singer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objrel_adj	The little friend the young mothers discourage knows the ecstatic aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel_adj	The small friend the miserable poets encourage discourages the tiny woman	singular	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objrel_adj	The miserable friend the small teachers discourage observes the ecstatic singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objrel_adj	The small girl the little boys admire understands the joyful doctor	singular	plural	singular	admires	understand
objrel_adj	The joyful girl the happy doctors observe admires the ecstatic farmer	singular	plural	singular	observes	admire
objrel_adj	The small girl the sad friends inspire remembers the happy athlete	singular	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objrel_adj	The joyful girl the tiny lawyers know observes the large kid	singular	plural	singular	knows	observe
objrel_adj	The happy girl the old men admire inspires the miserable victim	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_adj	The joyful girl the small mothers remember knows the large poet	singular	plural	singular	remembers	know
objrel_adj	The happy girl the sad poets remember encourages the young athlete	singular	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objrel_adj	The small girl the old poets understand observes the happy lawyer	singular	plural	singular	understands	observe
objrel_adj	The large girl the old singers engage discourages the little doctor	singular	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objrel_adj	The ecstatic girl the happy singers stimulate engages the sad man	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objrel_adj	The large guy the sad aunts know discourages the ecstatic doctor	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel_adj	The little guy the young farmers encourage approves the big friend	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel_adj	The miserable guy the small kids engage admires the old girl	singular	plural	singular	engages	admire
objrel_adj	The old guy the happy lawyers criticize observes the sad girl	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel_adj	The little guy the old poets understand approves the large woman	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel_adj	The large guy the huge uncles admire remembers the tiny woman	singular	plural	singular	admires	remember
objrel_adj	The large guy the sad uncles discourage approves the big singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objrel_adj	The sad guy the large victims encourage approves the big friend	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel_adj	The big kid the joyful aunts greet confuses the small doctor	singular	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objrel_adj	The tiny kid the joyful boys inspire discourages the miserable friend	singular	plural	singular	inspires	discourage
objrel_adj	The big kid the huge carpenters avoid inspires the large farmer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objrel_adj	The old kid the little friends stimulate admires the big man	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objrel_adj	The sad kid the happy girls inspire stimulates the ecstatic woman	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel_adj	The tiny kid the big guys criticize stimulates the ecstatic athlete	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_adj	The large kid the ecstatic guys greet understands the sad friend	singular	plural	singular	greets	understand
objrel_adj	The ecstatic kid the little lawyers stimulate approves the old boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objrel_adj	The sad kid the huge poets encourage criticizes the ecstatic man	singular	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objrel_adj	The small kid the happy teachers greet discourages the old father	singular	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objrel_adj	The big kid the young victims observe approves the old man	singular	plural	singular	observes	approve
objrel_adj	The sad kid the large victims remember inspires the old mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel_adj	The miserable lawyer the large athletes admire greets the sad guy	singular	plural	singular	admires	greet
objrel_adj	The sad lawyer the happy boys encourage confuses the old singer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objrel_adj	The young lawyer the small carpenters admire confuses the little father	singular	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objrel_adj	The big lawyer the sad fathers criticize greets the huge woman	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objrel_adj	The young lawyer the huge guys inspire criticizes the little girl	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel_adj	The ecstatic lawyer the sad teachers inspire encourages the large mother	singular	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objrel_adj	The small lawyer the tiny uncles avoid discourages the little poet	singular	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objrel_adj	The joyful lawyer the happy women admire confuses the huge father	singular	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objrel_adj	The big lawyer the sad women discourage stimulates the large aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objrel_adj	The ecstatic man the happy athletes inspire criticizes the big doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel_adj	The ecstatic man the large aunts approve admires the big uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	admire
objrel_adj	The tiny man the big boys approve stimulates the joyful aunt	singular	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objrel_adj	The small man the miserable boys stimulate discourages the big kid	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	discourage
objrel_adj	The small man the huge doctors admire inspires the miserable friend	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_adj	The large man the miserable doctors engage inspires the happy teacher	singular	plural	singular	engages	inspire
objrel_adj	The miserable man the big farmers stimulate remembers the small poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objrel_adj	The little man the small fathers stimulate criticizes the miserable guy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objrel_adj	The big man the little friends engage understands the huge kid	singular	plural	singular	engages	understand
objrel_adj	The young man the sad girls confuse engages the miserable teacher	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel_adj	The joyful man the huge kids remember approves the large aunt	singular	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objrel_adj	The tiny man the ecstatic poets know greets the joyful kid	singular	plural	singular	knows	greet
objrel_adj	The big man the sad victims know engages the old farmer	singular	plural	singular	knows	engage
objrel_adj	The small mother the joyful athletes approve discourages the ecstatic man	singular	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objrel_adj	The joyful mother the little boys confuse inspires the happy kid	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel_adj	The little mother the large carpenters confuse encourages the ecstatic girl	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel_adj	The old mother the huge carpenters confuse understands the sad boy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objrel_adj	The young mother the little farmers confuse engages the joyful athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel_adj	The huge mother the sad poets understand confuses the young doctor	singular	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objrel_adj	The large mother the huge teachers know understands the happy woman	singular	plural	singular	knows	understand
objrel_adj	The large mother the miserable uncles criticize inspires the tiny singer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel_adj	The happy mother the big victims know understands the joyful teacher	singular	plural	singular	knows	understand
objrel_adj	The big poet the sad athletes inspire stimulates the large father	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel_adj	The small poet the old doctors stimulate admires the joyful guy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objrel_adj	The ecstatic poet the happy doctors understand confuses the tiny friend	singular	plural	singular	understands	confuse
objrel_adj	The young poet the huge friends approve discourages the ecstatic woman	singular	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objrel_adj	The ecstatic poet the large guys confuse approves the joyful farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objrel_adj	The happy poet the young kids confuse encourages the sad girl	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel_adj	The large poet the ecstatic kids inspire knows the tiny aunt	singular	plural	singular	inspires	know
objrel_adj	The sad poet the huge singers approve encourages the young uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objrel_adj	The young poet the joyful singers understand criticizes the old father	singular	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objrel_adj	The little poet the huge uncles inspire avoids the happy carpenter	singular	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objrel_adj	The ecstatic poet the big uncles remember greets the huge girl	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel_adj	The big singer the joyful carpenters approve remembers the sad doctor	singular	plural	singular	approves	remember
objrel_adj	The little singer the ecstatic carpenters know inspires the tiny farmer	singular	plural	singular	knows	inspire
objrel_adj	The large singer the happy doctors inspire greets the miserable victim	singular	plural	singular	inspires	greet
objrel_adj	The large singer the ecstatic farmers greet stimulates the miserable friend	singular	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objrel_adj	The young singer the little farmers observe discourages the sad doctor	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel_adj	The ecstatic singer the miserable kids criticize stimulates the large mother	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_adj	The old singer the little lawyers confuse understands the sad friend	singular	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objrel_adj	The tiny singer the small poets encourage inspires the happy aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objrel_adj	The miserable teacher the tiny boys know encourages the sad man	singular	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objrel_adj	The small teacher the old carpenters stimulate avoids the young boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objrel_adj	The tiny teacher the small doctors remember encourages the huge mother	singular	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objrel_adj	The large teacher the happy fathers discourage knows the ecstatic lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel_adj	The young teacher the miserable kids admire encourages the large friend	singular	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objrel_adj	The old teacher the huge lawyers approve discourages the sad doctor	singular	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objrel_adj	The joyful teacher the old uncles discourage greets the huge friend	singular	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objrel_adj	The huge teacher the tiny victims discourage understands the little farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objrel_adj	The joyful teacher the small victims understand criticizes the ecstatic athlete	singular	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objrel_adj	The large teacher the tiny victims understand observes the miserable athlete	singular	plural	singular	understands	observe
objrel_adj	The joyful uncle the old athletes admire approves the big lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel_adj	The little uncle the tiny athletes greet inspires the old farmer	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel_adj	The small uncle the happy aunts observe admires the sad girl	singular	plural	singular	observes	admire
objrel_adj	The old uncle the little aunts understand greets the happy farmer	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel_adj	The joyful uncle the young boys discourage stimulates the miserable poet	singular	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objrel_adj	The small uncle the little carpenters discourage observes the joyful singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objrel_adj	The tiny uncle the miserable farmers greet avoids the young friend	singular	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objrel_adj	The miserable uncle the large fathers criticize encourages the tiny teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_adj	The miserable uncle the young girls remember greets the old teacher	singular	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objrel_adj	The big uncle the joyful guys avoid approves the miserable mother	singular	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objrel_adj	The small uncle the old kids avoid remembers the little woman	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel_adj	The large uncle the old lawyers confuse avoids the huge guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	avoid
objrel_adj	The young uncle the little lawyers criticize stimulates the big athlete	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_adj	The miserable uncle the ecstatic men confuse engages the little aunt	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel_adj	The old uncle the young men understand admires the huge guy	singular	plural	singular	understands	admire
objrel_adj	The tiny uncle the huge poets encourage admires the big friend	singular	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objrel_adj	The old uncle the tiny singers avoid understands the big girl	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel_adj	The happy uncle the tiny women greet remembers the joyful carpenter	singular	plural	singular	greets	remember
objrel_adj	The huge victim the young athletes know encourages the small boy	singular	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objrel_adj	The happy victim the huge boys know greets the ecstatic kid	singular	plural	singular	knows	greet
objrel_adj	The small victim the tiny doctors approve stimulates the big friend	singular	plural	singular	approves	stimulate
objrel_adj	The huge victim the ecstatic fathers stimulate greets the happy mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objrel_adj	The little victim the old girls confuse avoids the miserable mother	singular	plural	singular	confuses	avoid
objrel_adj	The happy victim the ecstatic girls inspire engages the old carpenter	singular	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objrel_adj	The little victim the ecstatic kids avoid approves the huge farmer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objrel_adj	The huge victim the sad lawyers confuse knows the ecstatic doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel_adj	The miserable victim the large mothers inspire remembers the big kid	singular	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objrel_adj	The large victim the joyful poets know encourages the tiny farmer	singular	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objrel_adj	The little woman the old boys approve discourages the ecstatic girl	singular	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objrel_adj	The old woman the large doctors avoid discourages the huge carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoids	discourage
objrel_adj	The joyful woman the huge fathers confuse engages the small carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel_adj	The young woman the miserable fathers inspire remembers the joyful guy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	remember
objrel_adj	The big woman the little friends engage remembers the old guy	singular	plural	singular	engages	remember
objrel_adj	The happy woman the tiny guys confuse knows the large kid	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel_adj	The small woman the ecstatic kids approve engages the happy doctor	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel_adj	The sad woman the big lawyers observe avoids the huge uncle	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_adj	The happy woman the miserable poets engage avoids the huge lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objrel_adj	The young woman the huge teachers know observes the little girl	singular	plural	singular	knows	observe
objrel_adj	The little woman the large teachers observe understands the happy man	singular	plural	singular	observes	understand
objrel_adj	The sad woman the small uncles remember discourages the tiny boy	singular	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objrel_adj	The small woman the sad uncles stimulate remembers the large aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objrel_adj	The old athlete the happy friends observe stimulates the small kids	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel_adj	The joyful athlete the happy girls admire understands the little farmers	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel_adj	The big athlete the large kids avoid understands the tiny aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoids	understand
objrel_adj	The huge athlete the little kids stimulate remembers the old victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	remember
objrel_adj	The old athlete the sad singers approve observes the large boys	singular	plural	plural	approves	observe
objrel_adj	The little athlete the young teachers encourage avoids the huge carpenters	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel_adj	The little athlete the big uncles inspire criticizes the small teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	criticize
objrel_adj	The little athlete the ecstatic women stimulate knows the joyful guys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel_adj	The tiny aunt the huge athletes criticize remembers the ecstatic kids	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	remember
objrel_adj	The old aunt the ecstatic fathers know stimulates the huge lawyers	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel_adj	The small aunt the little friends inspire greets the large mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel_adj	The little aunt the sad kids avoid remembers the big teachers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	remember
objrel_adj	The big aunt the happy mothers approve understands the large carpenters	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_adj	The huge aunt the sad teachers confuse remembers the big farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	remember
objrel_adj	The tiny aunt the little teachers encourage avoids the old doctors	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel_adj	The joyful aunt the old women admire understands the little boys	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel_adj	The little aunt the joyful women inspire remembers the old men	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel_adj	The young boy the small aunts discourage avoids the old doctors	singular	plural	plural	discourages	avoid
objrel_adj	The joyful boy the large aunts inspire encourages the sad lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	encourage
objrel_adj	The little boy the sad farmers greet stimulates the small friends	singular	plural	plural	greets	stimulate
objrel_adj	The huge boy the small girls stimulate confuses the miserable singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_adj	The old boy the ecstatic kids observe approves the small teachers	singular	plural	plural	observes	approve
objrel_adj	The large boy the huge lawyers discourage criticizes the joyful poets	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel_adj	The large boy the young men engage approves the ecstatic women	singular	plural	plural	engages	approve
objrel_adj	The young boy the miserable mothers greet encourages the tiny fathers	singular	plural	plural	greets	encourage
objrel_adj	The sad boy the little teachers criticize approves the small lawyers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	approve
objrel_adj	The small carpenter the sad athletes encourage admires the ecstatic men	singular	plural	plural	encourages	admire
objrel_adj	The big carpenter the old doctors engage criticizes the little uncles	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel_adj	The ecstatic carpenter the little fathers understand stimulates the young lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understands	stimulate
objrel_adj	The big carpenter the large guys stimulate remembers the happy girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	remember
objrel_adj	The joyful carpenter the sad kids encourage avoids the large fathers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	avoid
objrel_adj	The big carpenter the huge poets criticize engages the miserable men	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	engage
objrel_adj	The sad carpenter the old singers encourage discourages the little men	singular	plural	plural	encourages	discourage
objrel_adj	The large carpenter the miserable singers inspire discourages the young uncles	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel_adj	The happy carpenter the huge teachers inspire remembers the old guys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel_adj	The small carpenter the large victims confuse approves the happy boys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	approve
objrel_adj	The happy carpenter the joyful women discourage approves the miserable victims	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel_adj	The huge doctor the sad aunts criticize greets the miserable poets	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel_adj	The old doctor the big aunts discourage criticizes the tiny friends	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel_adj	The young doctor the joyful carpenters encourage observes the large aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourages	observe
objrel_adj	The little doctor the joyful fathers know understands the young friends	singular	plural	plural	knows	understand
objrel_adj	The old doctor the happy friends understand remembers the sad teachers	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel_adj	The happy doctor the young guys confuse encourages the old fathers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	encourage
objrel_adj	The small doctor the little singers confuse avoids the tiny fathers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	avoid
objrel_adj	The little doctor the tiny women inspire approves the old mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	approve
objrel_adj	The old doctor the tiny women stimulate encourages the ecstatic athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	encourage
objrel_adj	The young farmer the little boys criticize inspires the joyful fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel_adj	The young farmer the small doctors know discourages the old athletes	singular	plural	plural	knows	discourage
objrel_adj	The huge farmer the old friends criticize admires the ecstatic teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	admire
objrel_adj	The huge farmer the young friends remember criticizes the little aunts	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel_adj	The young farmer the sad girls know engages the tiny kids	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel_adj	The little farmer the old guys confuse discourages the miserable friends	singular	plural	plural	confuses	discourage
objrel_adj	The sad farmer the big men understand criticizes the tiny fathers	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel_adj	The young farmer the sad teachers admire understands the huge boys	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel_adj	The huge father the tiny aunts approve engages the young victims	singular	plural	plural	approves	engage
objrel_adj	The old father the sad carpenters observe understands the large girls	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel_adj	The tiny father the old doctors avoid understands the young carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoids	understand
objrel_adj	The small father the little farmers inspire admires the miserable men	singular	plural	plural	inspires	admire
objrel_adj	The small father the little friends know engages the young mothers	singular	plural	plural	knows	engage
objrel_adj	The young father the ecstatic friends remember engages the old victims	singular	plural	plural	remembers	engage
objrel_adj	The large father the big kids remember confuses the little men	singular	plural	plural	remembers	confuse
objrel_adj	The small father the big men encourage understands the tiny women	singular	plural	plural	encourages	understand
objrel_adj	The young father the miserable uncles discourage encourages the large teachers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	encourage
objrel_adj	The old father the miserable victims admire discourages the little farmers	singular	plural	plural	admires	discourage
objrel_adj	The small friend the sad athletes engage greets the old kids	singular	plural	plural	engages	greet
objrel_adj	The tiny friend the happy carpenters remember engages the young girls	singular	plural	plural	remembers	engage
objrel_adj	The miserable friend the sad doctors greet encourages the little lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greets	encourage
objrel_adj	The ecstatic friend the joyful farmers observe greets the young carpenters	singular	plural	plural	observes	greet
objrel_adj	The old friend the miserable fathers engage knows the small victims	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel_adj	The large friend the young girls observe remembers the huge aunts	singular	plural	plural	observes	remember
objrel_adj	The small friend the sad lawyers remember inspires the happy guys	singular	plural	plural	remembers	inspire
objrel_adj	The tiny friend the little men approve remembers the small singers	singular	plural	plural	approves	remember
objrel_adj	The large friend the tiny mothers approve greets the young aunts	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_adj	The little friend the joyful singers observe admires the young carpenters	singular	plural	plural	observes	admire
objrel_adj	The old friend the big teachers know remembers the happy girls	singular	plural	plural	knows	remember
objrel_adj	The huge friend the miserable teachers remember discourages the happy singers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	discourage
objrel_adj	The tiny friend the joyful uncles engage avoids the small women	singular	plural	plural	engages	avoid
objrel_adj	The big friend the little victims admire understands the joyful boys	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel_adj	The ecstatic friend the big women confuse approves the old uncles	singular	plural	plural	confuses	approve
objrel_adj	The ecstatic girl the small aunts discourage stimulates the happy poets	singular	plural	plural	discourages	stimulate
objrel_adj	The old girl the miserable fathers understand remembers the little kids	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel_adj	The big girl the small friends discourage admires the joyful mothers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel_adj	The small girl the happy kids admire avoids the miserable doctors	singular	plural	plural	admires	avoid
objrel_adj	The big girl the tiny kids discourage observes the sad poets	singular	plural	plural	discourages	observe
objrel_adj	The old girl the joyful kids encourage criticizes the big victims	singular	plural	plural	encourages	criticize
objrel_adj	The small girl the sad lawyers greet confuses the tiny mothers	singular	plural	plural	greets	confuse
objrel_adj	The young girl the joyful men inspire confuses the small kids	singular	plural	plural	inspires	confuse
objrel_adj	The little girl the huge poets inspire remembers the old carpenters	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel_adj	The tiny girl the small women avoid approves the big men	singular	plural	plural	avoids	approve
objrel_adj	The huge guy the small athletes admire knows the big victims	singular	plural	plural	admires	know
objrel_adj	The joyful guy the sad doctors stimulate understands the huge farmers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel_adj	The happy guy the miserable kids confuse engages the large mothers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	engage
objrel_adj	The happy guy the small men know inspires the big fathers	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel_adj	The sad guy the tiny mothers admire inspires the joyful lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admires	inspire
objrel_adj	The little guy the huge uncles confuse criticizes the happy victims	singular	plural	plural	confuses	criticize
objrel_adj	The large kid the young boys stimulate criticizes the big girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	criticize
objrel_adj	The miserable kid the huge doctors greet confuses the little mothers	singular	plural	plural	greets	confuse
objrel_adj	The young kid the joyful friends confuse approves the old girls	singular	plural	plural	confuses	approve
objrel_adj	The sad kid the little friends confuse understands the tiny men	singular	plural	plural	confuses	understand
objrel_adj	The happy kid the sad friends understand remembers the small farmers	singular	plural	plural	understands	remember
objrel_adj	The joyful kid the young guys inspire observes the big teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	observe
objrel_adj	The happy kid the huge lawyers stimulate remembers the ecstatic athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	remember
objrel_adj	The tiny kid the miserable mothers confuse greets the sad athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuses	greet
objrel_adj	The tiny kid the happy singers discourage admires the little lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	admire
objrel_adj	The small kid the young singers inspire greets the happy victims	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel_adj	The joyful kid the tiny uncles engage stimulates the happy athletes	singular	plural	plural	engages	stimulate
objrel_adj	The sad kid the young women observe engages the joyful men	singular	plural	plural	observes	engage
objrel_adj	The huge lawyer the big athletes approve discourages the joyful singers	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_adj	The large lawyer the old carpenters greet knows the happy aunts	singular	plural	plural	greets	know
objrel_adj	The big lawyer the ecstatic farmers admire observes the sad fathers	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel_adj	The old lawyer the tiny friends engage criticizes the little mothers	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel_adj	The little lawyer the large girls discourage engages the ecstatic carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel_adj	The old lawyer the small poets inspire approves the joyful men	singular	plural	plural	inspires	approve
objrel_adj	The miserable lawyer the ecstatic teachers criticize encourages the sad carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel_adj	The joyful lawyer the ecstatic teachers discourage knows the huge men	singular	plural	plural	discourages	know
objrel_adj	The small lawyer the old teachers encourage confuses the young victims	singular	plural	plural	encourages	confuse
objrel_adj	The ecstatic lawyer the huge uncles understand stimulates the joyful singers	singular	plural	plural	understands	stimulate
objrel_adj	The ecstatic lawyer the young victims confuse inspires the big carpenters	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel_adj	The small lawyer the joyful victims remember confuses the miserable doctors	singular	plural	plural	remembers	confuse
objrel_adj	The big man the old athletes admire avoids the huge poets	singular	plural	plural	admires	avoid
objrel_adj	The sad man the little athletes criticize admires the old teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	admire
objrel_adj	The miserable man the huge athletes encourage admires the joyful poets	singular	plural	plural	encourages	admire
objrel_adj	The joyful man the happy boys know observes the old mothers	singular	plural	plural	knows	observe
objrel_adj	The huge man the big boys observe approves the ecstatic uncles	singular	plural	plural	observes	approve
objrel_adj	The young man the happy farmers avoid observes the tiny singers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	observe
objrel_adj	The happy man the small friends discourage criticizes the ecstatic fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel_adj	The large man the happy lawyers encourage stimulates the small women	singular	plural	plural	encourages	stimulate
objrel_adj	The happy man the miserable poets admire approves the huge lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admires	approve
objrel_adj	The little man the old poets approve discourages the happy teachers	singular	plural	plural	approves	discourage
objrel_adj	The tiny man the happy poets stimulate avoids the small kids	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	avoid
objrel_adj	The large man the tiny victims criticize encourages the joyful uncles	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel_adj	The miserable mother the young athletes admire approves the large kids	singular	plural	plural	admires	approve
objrel_adj	The little mother the large boys discourage knows the ecstatic poets	singular	plural	plural	discourages	know
objrel_adj	The huge mother the small boys understand greets the big poets	singular	plural	plural	understands	greet
objrel_adj	The young mother the sad carpenters confuse remembers the huge men	singular	plural	plural	confuses	remember
objrel_adj	The miserable mother the old carpenters criticize confuses the tiny poets	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	confuse
objrel_adj	The little mother the huge doctors greet discourages the large friends	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel_adj	The sad mother the big farmers approve knows the young uncles	singular	plural	plural	approves	know
objrel_adj	The tiny mother the ecstatic friends avoid encourages the small girls	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel_adj	The ecstatic mother the old guys admire inspires the tiny teachers	singular	plural	plural	admires	inspire
objrel_adj	The old mother the young men admire confuses the joyful guys	singular	plural	plural	admires	confuse
objrel_adj	The huge mother the little men avoid criticizes the happy poets	singular	plural	plural	avoids	criticize
objrel_adj	The old mother the large singers greet engages the big kids	singular	plural	plural	greets	engage
objrel_adj	The huge poet the little athletes inspire knows the big uncles	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel_adj	The sad poet the little carpenters admire observes the huge athletes	singular	plural	plural	admires	observe
objrel_adj	The little poet the large carpenters know inspires the joyful victims	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel_adj	The small poet the huge doctors criticize engages the happy teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	engage
objrel_adj	The ecstatic poet the miserable farmers discourage observes the sad victims	singular	plural	plural	discourages	observe
objrel_adj	The big poet the sad friends confuse admires the huge uncles	singular	plural	plural	confuses	admire
objrel_adj	The tiny poet the miserable guys stimulate remembers the joyful lawyers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	remember
objrel_adj	The big poet the miserable men remember encourages the happy aunts	singular	plural	plural	remembers	encourage
objrel_adj	The young poet the sad victims observe criticizes the big kids	singular	plural	plural	observes	criticize
objrel_adj	The old singer the sad athletes confuse discourages the big guys	singular	plural	plural	confuses	discourage
objrel_adj	The large singer the ecstatic athletes discourage understands the old teachers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	understand
objrel_adj	The young singer the joyful aunts discourage confuses the little carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourages	confuse
objrel_adj	The small singer the large boys confuse approves the little mothers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	approve
objrel_adj	The tiny singer the joyful carpenters confuse understands the happy women	singular	plural	plural	confuses	understand
objrel_adj	The joyful singer the happy farmers admire encourages the big mothers	singular	plural	plural	admires	encourage
objrel_adj	The big singer the miserable farmers observe stimulates the sad victims	singular	plural	plural	observes	stimulate
objrel_adj	The sad singer the huge girls discourage confuses the tiny victims	singular	plural	plural	discourages	confuse
objrel_adj	The tiny singer the big girls encourage observes the large friends	singular	plural	plural	encourages	observe
objrel_adj	The big singer the little guys inspire engages the ecstatic lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel_adj	The happy singer the young kids understand admires the miserable athletes	singular	plural	plural	understands	admire
objrel_adj	The huge singer the tiny men remember discourages the big women	singular	plural	plural	remembers	discourage
objrel_adj	The sad singer the young teachers discourage greets the big doctors	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel_adj	The big singer the happy women know approves the tiny carpenters	singular	plural	plural	knows	approve
objrel_adj	The huge teacher the joyful athletes understand encourages the big singers	singular	plural	plural	understands	encourage
objrel_adj	The sad teacher the large aunts confuse avoids the ecstatic mothers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	avoid
objrel_adj	The young teacher the old aunts discourage encourages the ecstatic girls	singular	plural	plural	discourages	encourage
objrel_adj	The old teacher the young doctors observe approves the tiny singers	singular	plural	plural	observes	approve
objrel_adj	The big teacher the sad fathers encourage understands the miserable lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	understand
objrel_adj	The big teacher the joyful guys greet engages the huge boys	singular	plural	plural	greets	engage
objrel_adj	The small teacher the joyful men greet avoids the ecstatic farmers	singular	plural	plural	greets	avoid
objrel_adj	The young teacher the tiny men understand knows the miserable mothers	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel_adj	The miserable teacher the young poets remember criticizes the sad aunts	singular	plural	plural	remembers	criticize
objrel_adj	The small teacher the large poets stimulate knows the joyful singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel_adj	The tiny teacher the little singers greet remembers the big uncles	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel_adj	The old uncle the little doctors know avoids the tiny lawyers	singular	plural	plural	knows	avoid
objrel_adj	The young uncle the old farmers avoid discourages the big boys	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel_adj	The little uncle the small fathers criticize admires the large lawyers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	admire
objrel_adj	The joyful uncle the big kids approve encourages the small lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_adj	The joyful uncle the large teachers know remembers the little doctors	singular	plural	plural	knows	remember
objrel_adj	The happy uncle the young women discourage inspires the old boys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel_adj	The young victim the huge fathers encourage engages the ecstatic teachers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	engage
objrel_adj	The tiny victim the joyful guys admire encourages the old women	singular	plural	plural	admires	encourage
objrel_adj	The big victim the small men criticize encourages the sad lawyers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	encourage
objrel_adj	The joyful victim the sad singers greet remembers the young lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel_adj	The miserable victim the tiny uncles inspire stimulates the happy women	singular	plural	plural	inspires	stimulate
objrel_adj	The ecstatic woman the little athletes avoid discourages the big friends	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel_adj	The small woman the little farmers engage confuses the sad guys	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel_adj	The miserable woman the happy farmers know understands the young poets	singular	plural	plural	knows	understand
objrel_adj	The small woman the joyful friends engage avoids the young mothers	singular	plural	plural	engages	avoid
objrel_adj	The old woman the tiny guys discourage criticizes the joyful teachers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	criticize
objrel_adj	The small woman the huge kids approve inspires the happy mothers	singular	plural	plural	approves	inspire
objrel_adj	The huge woman the large lawyers discourage knows the ecstatic friends	singular	plural	plural	discourages	know
objrel_adj	The ecstatic woman the happy men know stimulates the huge fathers	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel_adj	The tiny woman the huge mothers admire criticizes the big boys	singular	plural	plural	admires	criticize
objrel_adj	The sad woman the tiny poets encourage knows the big mothers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	know
objrel_adj	The joyful woman the large poets engage confuses the tiny lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel_adj	The happy woman the little victims greet confuses the miserable boys	singular	plural	plural	greets	confuse
objrel_adj	The tiny athletes the old aunt knows approve the little carpenter	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel_adj	The big athletes the small farmer remembers inspire the ecstatic uncle	plural	singular	singular	remember	inspires
objrel_adj	The old athletes the little farmer stimulates observe the huge uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	observes
objrel_adj	The large athletes the happy father stimulates greet the sad victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	greets
objrel_adj	The young athletes the miserable friend criticizes confuse the sad mother	plural	singular	singular	criticize	confuses
objrel_adj	The ecstatic athletes the miserable girl stimulates confuse the young kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	confuses
objrel_adj	The sad athletes the small man criticizes encourage the miserable kid	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel_adj	The big athletes the joyful man understands remember the huge doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel_adj	The sad athletes the large mother avoids remember the tiny teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_adj	The happy athletes the ecstatic mother encourages criticize the tiny victim	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel_adj	The happy athletes the little singer remembers stimulate the small friend	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_adj	The miserable athletes the large teacher inspires engage the small victim	plural	singular	singular	inspire	engages
objrel_adj	The large athletes the miserable woman approves confuse the happy boy	plural	singular	singular	approve	confuses
objrel_adj	The young aunts the tiny boy admires know the miserable kid	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel_adj	The miserable aunts the large boy greets stimulate the old guy	plural	singular	singular	greet	stimulates
objrel_adj	The joyful aunts the huge father criticizes greet the old girl	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel_adj	The big aunts the little father remembers observe the ecstatic man	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel_adj	The little aunts the happy kid greets stimulate the small friend	plural	singular	singular	greet	stimulates
objrel_adj	The huge aunts the large poet discourages avoid the old boy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	avoids
objrel_adj	The big aunts the miserable teacher admires know the happy doctor	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel_adj	The young aunts the large teacher inspires avoid the big lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	avoids
objrel_adj	The tiny aunts the little uncle approves encourage the small father	plural	singular	singular	approve	encourages
objrel_adj	The ecstatic aunts the joyful uncle remembers admire the large kid	plural	singular	singular	remember	admires
objrel_adj	The young aunts the huge woman encourages greet the big girl	plural	singular	singular	encourage	greets
objrel_adj	The tiny boys the huge athlete approves know the joyful mother	plural	singular	singular	approve	knows
objrel_adj	The large boys the old aunt inspires confuse the little victim	plural	singular	singular	inspire	confuses
objrel_adj	The tiny boys the big carpenter inspires discourage the young farmer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	discourages
objrel_adj	The little boys the happy farmer encourages criticize the small woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel_adj	The little boys the huge father criticizes understand the large mother	plural	singular	singular	criticize	understands
objrel_adj	The tiny boys the old girl inspires understand the little carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspire	understands
objrel_adj	The happy boys the large guy criticizes engage the old kid	plural	singular	singular	criticize	engages
objrel_adj	The little boys the happy kid criticizes remember the tiny man	plural	singular	singular	criticize	remembers
objrel_adj	The large boys the ecstatic lawyer discourages approve the small teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel_adj	The large boys the young lawyer engages encourage the huge aunt	plural	singular	singular	engage	encourages
objrel_adj	The big boys the tiny man remembers inspire the old father	plural	singular	singular	remember	inspires
objrel_adj	The tiny boys the large teacher engages remember the ecstatic doctor	plural	singular	singular	engage	remembers
objrel_adj	The miserable boys the huge teacher knows observe the ecstatic singer	plural	singular	singular	know	observes
objrel_adj	The little carpenters the huge boy stimulates engage the old uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	engages
objrel_adj	The miserable carpenters the ecstatic doctor remembers engage the young athlete	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel_adj	The huge carpenters the old father stimulates understand the young kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	understands
objrel_adj	The young carpenters the sad kid encourages criticize the little father	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel_adj	The young carpenters the old man engages confuse the big friend	plural	singular	singular	engage	confuses
objrel_adj	The young carpenters the sad poet greets admire the old girl	plural	singular	singular	greet	admires
objrel_adj	The young carpenters the happy singer understands avoid the big athlete	plural	singular	singular	understand	avoids
objrel_adj	The joyful carpenters the young teacher discourages confuse the sad doctor	plural	singular	singular	discourage	confuses
objrel_adj	The little carpenters the large uncle avoids remember the huge farmer	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_adj	The ecstatic carpenters the joyful victim stimulates know the small kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	knows
objrel_adj	The ecstatic doctors the old athlete confuses inspire the miserable carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel_adj	The ecstatic doctors the happy athlete encourages discourage the old teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourage	discourages
objrel_adj	The ecstatic doctors the big boy observes admire the huge uncle	plural	singular	singular	observe	admires
objrel_adj	The big doctors the sad farmer stimulates understand the large boy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	understands
objrel_adj	The small doctors the miserable father criticizes stimulate the large victim	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel_adj	The little doctors the sad father greets encourage the old carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greet	encourages
objrel_adj	The joyful doctors the sad girl criticizes inspire the young uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticize	inspires
objrel_adj	The small doctors the tiny guy inspires know the young boy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_adj	The ecstatic doctors the young man stimulates greet the tiny father	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	greets
objrel_adj	The joyful doctors the large mother inspires stimulate the young kid	plural	singular	singular	inspire	stimulates
objrel_adj	The sad doctors the big victim observes encourage the large friend	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel_adj	The big farmers the ecstatic athlete confuses discourage the tiny aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuse	discourages
objrel_adj	The tiny farmers the old doctor inspires know the young uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_adj	The old farmers the huge girl discourages remember the joyful kid	plural	singular	singular	discourage	remembers
objrel_adj	The little farmers the small girl inspires discourage the tiny uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspire	discourages
objrel_adj	The sad farmers the joyful lawyer remembers engage the young doctor	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel_adj	The ecstatic farmers the miserable singer stimulates avoid the sad carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	avoids
objrel_adj	The huge farmers the sad woman greets engage the old aunt	plural	singular	singular	greet	engages
objrel_adj	The ecstatic fathers the young doctor encourages observe the huge carpenter	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel_adj	The old fathers the big doctor stimulates discourage the tiny girl	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	discourages
objrel_adj	The big fathers the huge doctor stimulates know the miserable farmer	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	knows
objrel_adj	The miserable fathers the little farmer understands greet the joyful poet	plural	singular	singular	understand	greets
objrel_adj	The ecstatic fathers the happy mother knows greet the old boy	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel_adj	The small fathers the big teacher approves remember the miserable doctor	plural	singular	singular	approve	remembers
objrel_adj	The big fathers the young teacher criticizes confuse the huge doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticize	confuses
objrel_adj	The sad fathers the miserable victim engages know the small lawyer	plural	singular	singular	engage	knows
objrel_adj	The little friends the big athlete remembers know the sad father	plural	singular	singular	remember	knows
objrel_adj	The miserable friends the little boy criticizes observe the sad doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticize	observes
objrel_adj	The miserable friends the huge carpenter admires inspire the big farmer	plural	singular	singular	admire	inspires
objrel_adj	The miserable friends the little doctor avoids stimulate the big teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel_adj	The ecstatic friends the sad farmer approves observe the large carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approve	observes
objrel_adj	The big friends the joyful father approves discourage the ecstatic uncle	plural	singular	singular	approve	discourages
objrel_adj	The big friends the ecstatic father greets know the old boy	plural	singular	singular	greet	knows
objrel_adj	The miserable friends the little kid admires stimulate the happy athlete	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel_adj	The large friends the big kid criticizes admire the little father	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel_adj	The ecstatic friends the miserable kid stimulates admire the sad poet	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	admires
objrel_adj	The little friends the joyful singer encourages admire the huge boy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	admires
objrel_adj	The miserable friends the little uncle criticizes greet the big guy	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel_adj	The young friends the sad victim inspires encourage the big woman	plural	singular	singular	inspire	encourages
objrel_adj	The miserable friends the sad woman remembers confuse the old doctor	plural	singular	singular	remember	confuses
objrel_adj	The huge girls the miserable athlete approves know the sad boy	plural	singular	singular	approve	knows
objrel_adj	The old girls the joyful doctor remembers criticize the little farmer	plural	singular	singular	remember	criticizes
objrel_adj	The tiny girls the ecstatic friend observes confuse the joyful lawyer	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel_adj	The joyful girls the big lawyer avoids greet the miserable father	plural	singular	singular	avoid	greets
objrel_adj	The young girls the tiny lawyer stimulates inspire the little guy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	inspires
objrel_adj	The little girls the happy poet knows greet the old farmer	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel_adj	The tiny girls the joyful singer observes avoid the young aunt	plural	singular	singular	observe	avoids
objrel_adj	The tiny girls the little teacher admires know the miserable woman	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel_adj	The old girls the small victim confuses discourage the tiny uncle	plural	singular	singular	confuse	discourages
objrel_adj	The joyful guys the tiny aunt encourages avoid the big boy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	avoids
objrel_adj	The young guys the large boy knows criticize the small friend	plural	singular	singular	know	criticizes
objrel_adj	The ecstatic guys the little carpenter confuses avoid the large man	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel_adj	The tiny guys the old doctor observes engage the small man	plural	singular	singular	observe	engages
objrel_adj	The old guys the young father observes know the small farmer	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel_adj	The joyful guys the young lawyer greets discourage the miserable uncle	plural	singular	singular	greet	discourages
objrel_adj	The huge guys the old mother knows remember the young uncle	plural	singular	singular	know	remembers
objrel_adj	The ecstatic guys the large singer criticizes admire the young girl	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel_adj	The miserable guys the ecstatic singer knows greet the huge carpenter	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel_adj	The happy guys the joyful victim observes stimulate the little carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observe	stimulates
objrel_adj	The old kids the little farmer inspires avoid the young uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspire	avoids
objrel_adj	The little kids the joyful farmer knows approve the small carpenter	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel_adj	The ecstatic kids the little guy confuses approve the sad doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuse	approves
objrel_adj	The little kids the huge lawyer knows encourage the tiny guy	plural	singular	singular	know	encourages
objrel_adj	The old kids the big man inspires greet the miserable mother	plural	singular	singular	inspire	greets
objrel_adj	The huge kids the little mother encourages criticize the joyful victim	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel_adj	The happy kids the little mother inspires observe the old man	plural	singular	singular	inspire	observes
objrel_adj	The old kids the big singer discourages admire the small woman	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel_adj	The joyful kids the small victim avoids stimulate the sad carpenter	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel_adj	The huge kids the large victim engages know the joyful lawyer	plural	singular	singular	engage	knows
objrel_adj	The old lawyers the young athlete observes stimulate the ecstatic boy	plural	singular	singular	observe	stimulates
objrel_adj	The joyful lawyers the tiny athlete understands observe the old kid	plural	singular	singular	understand	observes
objrel_adj	The large lawyers the little boy admires approve the sad farmer	plural	singular	singular	admire	approves
objrel_adj	The little lawyers the huge friend admires criticize the happy uncle	plural	singular	singular	admire	criticizes
objrel_adj	The small lawyers the happy friend criticizes observe the young carpenter	plural	singular	singular	criticize	observes
objrel_adj	The big lawyers the young girl confuses admire the tiny poet	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel_adj	The ecstatic lawyers the joyful kid understands admire the tiny guy	plural	singular	singular	understand	admires
objrel_adj	The joyful lawyers the tiny poet greets engage the large friend	plural	singular	singular	greet	engages
objrel_adj	The small lawyers the joyful singer confuses observe the little girl	plural	singular	singular	confuse	observes
objrel_adj	The miserable lawyers the happy singer observes discourage the big aunt	plural	singular	singular	observe	discourages
objrel_adj	The happy lawyers the miserable uncle inspires approve the young father	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel_adj	The ecstatic lawyers the huge victim inspires criticize the small guy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel_adj	The young men the miserable athlete engages encourage the tiny doctor	plural	singular	singular	engage	encourages
objrel_adj	The little men the small carpenter avoids know the huge kid	plural	singular	singular	avoid	knows
objrel_adj	The huge men the old doctor knows greet the little carpenter	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel_adj	The joyful men the happy girl avoids encourage the young friend	plural	singular	singular	avoid	encourages
objrel_adj	The miserable men the small lawyer greets engage the joyful boy	plural	singular	singular	greet	engages
objrel_adj	The big men the little lawyer observes criticize the ecstatic kid	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel_adj	The little men the miserable mother remembers encourage the old aunt	plural	singular	singular	remember	encourages
objrel_adj	The ecstatic men the miserable poet discourages admire the little girl	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel_adj	The large men the tiny poet encourages stimulate the big carpenter	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_adj	The ecstatic men the miserable singer knows understand the happy uncle	plural	singular	singular	know	understands
objrel_adj	The ecstatic men the young woman criticizes observe the huge farmer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	observes
objrel_adj	The miserable mothers the old athlete admires engage the sad victim	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel_adj	The young mothers the big aunt confuses understand the small athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuse	understands
objrel_adj	The sad mothers the ecstatic carpenter confuses greet the big victim	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_adj	The little mothers the large friend encourages admire the miserable singer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	admires
objrel_adj	The young mothers the old friend stimulates admire the sad carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	admires
objrel_adj	The big mothers the huge lawyer stimulates avoid the large kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	avoids
objrel_adj	The young mothers the happy poet admires engage the ecstatic farmer	plural	singular	singular	admire	engages
objrel_adj	The young mothers the big poet understands encourage the happy athlete	plural	singular	singular	understand	encourages
objrel_adj	The big mothers the large woman remembers inspire the miserable teacher	plural	singular	singular	remember	inspires
objrel_adj	The large poets the miserable athlete admires know the huge boy	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel_adj	The large poets the ecstatic aunt engages inspire the miserable girl	plural	singular	singular	engage	inspires
objrel_adj	The joyful poets the sad boy knows remember the ecstatic singer	plural	singular	singular	know	remembers
objrel_adj	The huge poets the joyful carpenter approves greet the small friend	plural	singular	singular	approve	greets
objrel_adj	The tiny poets the old carpenter knows approve the little athlete	plural	singular	singular	know	approves
objrel_adj	The big poets the small kid engages approve the ecstatic singer	plural	singular	singular	engage	approves
objrel_adj	The joyful poets the small lawyer understands engage the little girl	plural	singular	singular	understand	engages
objrel_adj	The little poets the huge man understands observe the tiny woman	plural	singular	singular	understand	observes
objrel_adj	The small poets the old singer admires avoid the large father	plural	singular	singular	admire	avoids
objrel_adj	The sad poets the small singer greets stimulate the young girl	plural	singular	singular	greet	stimulates
objrel_adj	The young poets the little teacher admires avoid the sad uncle	plural	singular	singular	admire	avoids
objrel_adj	The small poets the tiny victim criticizes confuse the joyful man	plural	singular	singular	criticize	confuses
objrel_adj	The little poets the huge woman avoids admire the ecstatic teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	admires
objrel_adj	The sad poets the young woman criticizes admire the huge doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel_adj	The large singers the miserable boy engages avoid the big teacher	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel_adj	The sad singers the miserable guy remembers stimulate the little man	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_adj	The joyful singers the little kid admires encourage the ecstatic father	plural	singular	singular	admire	encourages
objrel_adj	The large singers the happy mother stimulates criticize the huge boy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_adj	The happy singers the young poet engages stimulate the little lawyer	plural	singular	singular	engage	stimulates
objrel_adj	The little singers the miserable poet inspires stimulate the big girl	plural	singular	singular	inspire	stimulates
objrel_adj	The large singers the small uncle knows understand the little woman	plural	singular	singular	know	understands
objrel_adj	The tiny singers the old woman admires discourage the ecstatic aunt	plural	singular	singular	admire	discourages
objrel_adj	The big teachers the ecstatic father admires remember the small friend	plural	singular	singular	admire	remembers
objrel_adj	The young teachers the tiny girl encourages criticize the large lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel_adj	The little teachers the ecstatic lawyer confuses discourage the old victim	plural	singular	singular	confuse	discourages
objrel_adj	The large teachers the huge poet remembers stimulate the ecstatic friend	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_adj	The ecstatic teachers the young singer discourages greet the small guy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	greets
objrel_adj	The happy teachers the small singer greets approve the joyful father	plural	singular	singular	greet	approves
objrel_adj	The huge uncles the tiny doctor observes approve the miserable victim	plural	singular	singular	observe	approves
objrel_adj	The young uncles the small farmer discourages inspire the sad teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourage	inspires
objrel_adj	The tiny uncles the large father admires stimulate the big poet	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel_adj	The tiny uncles the large friend confuses criticize the old athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuse	criticizes
objrel_adj	The sad uncles the ecstatic girl knows understand the miserable doctor	plural	singular	singular	know	understands
objrel_adj	The small uncles the huge man criticizes observe the ecstatic victim	plural	singular	singular	criticize	observes
objrel_adj	The old uncles the large man remembers approve the tiny victim	plural	singular	singular	remember	approves
objrel_adj	The small uncles the joyful man remembers encourage the old singer	plural	singular	singular	remember	encourages
objrel_adj	The young uncles the big teacher discourages admire the tiny boy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel_adj	The joyful victims the large carpenter discourages engage the young friend	plural	singular	singular	discourage	engages
objrel_adj	The tiny victims the ecstatic farmer confuses remember the happy lawyer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	remembers
objrel_adj	The miserable victims the huge lawyer inspires discourage the ecstatic singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	discourages
objrel_adj	The joyful victims the large poet greets understand the ecstatic lawyer	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel_adj	The miserable victims the happy singer criticizes encourage the sad doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticize	encourages
objrel_adj	The tiny victims the miserable teacher approves understand the happy farmer	plural	singular	singular	approve	understands
objrel_adj	The young victims the little uncle greets know the miserable woman	plural	singular	singular	greet	knows
objrel_adj	The tiny women the young athlete discourages engage the sad kid	plural	singular	singular	discourage	engages
objrel_adj	The joyful women the little farmer avoids remember the small kid	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_adj	The miserable women the young girl criticizes know the big singer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	knows
objrel_adj	The ecstatic women the little girl discourages stimulate the tiny athlete	plural	singular	singular	discourage	stimulates
objrel_adj	The young women the tiny poet knows encourage the sad man	plural	singular	singular	know	encourages
objrel_adj	The joyful women the young singer observes stimulate the little boy	plural	singular	singular	observe	stimulates
objrel_adj	The small women the big singer remembers know the happy guy	plural	singular	singular	remember	knows
objrel_adj	The ecstatic women the tiny uncle encourages criticize the young guy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel_adj	The old athletes the sad carpenter understands encourage the joyful kids	plural	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objrel_adj	The happy athletes the tiny farmer inspires admire the young mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objrel_adj	The huge athletes the sad father admires discourage the tiny mothers	plural	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objrel_adj	The huge athletes the large kid criticizes discourage the ecstatic friends	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel_adj	The small athletes the old kid greets inspire the huge poets	plural	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objrel_adj	The happy athletes the miserable lawyer engages know the old girls	plural	singular	plural	engage	knows
objrel_adj	The young athletes the huge lawyer inspires confuse the sad kids	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel_adj	The huge athletes the happy mother confuses engage the ecstatic teachers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objrel_adj	The ecstatic athletes the huge singer engages encourage the happy boys	plural	singular	plural	engage	encourages
objrel_adj	The tiny athletes the small teacher stimulates greet the sad men	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objrel_adj	The happy athletes the little teacher understands know the huge farmers	plural	singular	plural	understand	knows
objrel_adj	The huge aunts the sad boy avoids know the miserable carpenters	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_adj	The small aunts the big boy confuses admire the little men	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel_adj	The miserable aunts the tiny boy criticizes greet the old victims	plural	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objrel_adj	The large aunts the small friend encourages engage the old guys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objrel_adj	The huge aunts the young teacher remembers greet the small carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remember	greets
objrel_adj	The young boys the miserable doctor confuses know the small men	plural	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objrel_adj	The miserable boys the joyful father discourages inspire the happy guys	plural	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objrel_adj	The young boys the happy father discourages stimulate the large mothers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	stimulates
objrel_adj	The huge boys the small father inspires engage the joyful doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objrel_adj	The young boys the happy father understands encourage the ecstatic women	plural	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objrel_adj	The ecstatic boys the sad girl admires remember the joyful friends	plural	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objrel_adj	The small boys the little lawyer understands observe the happy friends	plural	singular	plural	understand	observes
objrel_adj	The huge boys the small mother discourages criticize the joyful uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objrel_adj	The little boys the tiny poet discourages admire the joyful girls	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel_adj	The little boys the sad teacher greets understand the small poets	plural	singular	plural	greet	understands
objrel_adj	The miserable boys the huge uncle remembers confuse the sad athletes	plural	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objrel_adj	The small boys the big victim remembers know the huge poets	plural	singular	plural	remember	knows
objrel_adj	The miserable boys the tiny victim stimulates admire the old men	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objrel_adj	The small boys the large woman encourages criticize the sad doctors	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel_adj	The big carpenters the large athlete discourages approve the huge kids	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel_adj	The huge carpenters the joyful friend remembers discourage the young kids	plural	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objrel_adj	The small carpenters the miserable kid remembers encourage the joyful poets	plural	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objrel_adj	The young carpenters the huge mother inspires approve the sad men	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel_adj	The old carpenters the little singer greets stimulate the huge men	plural	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objrel_adj	The happy carpenters the small victim remembers engage the miserable friends	plural	singular	plural	remember	engages
objrel_adj	The little doctors the tiny aunt encourages understand the young kids	plural	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objrel_adj	The young doctors the little aunt stimulates discourage the sad guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel_adj	The small doctors the happy farmer criticizes discourage the tiny lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel_adj	The large doctors the big guy encourages criticize the tiny aunts	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel_adj	The small doctors the tiny lawyer avoids criticize the ecstatic victims	plural	singular	plural	avoid	criticizes
objrel_adj	The huge doctors the old uncle discourages observe the ecstatic boys	plural	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objrel_adj	The sad doctors the large woman stimulates know the joyful victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objrel_adj	The little farmers the miserable carpenter knows remember the sad girls	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel_adj	The miserable farmers the small carpenter stimulates discourage the big boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel_adj	The small farmers the young doctor stimulates discourage the happy carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel_adj	The ecstatic farmers the sad girl encourages know the joyful friends	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel_adj	The young farmers the joyful girl knows remember the happy victims	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel_adj	The ecstatic farmers the little man criticizes stimulate the young guys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objrel_adj	The joyful farmers the ecstatic mother admires criticize the happy girls	plural	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objrel_adj	The sad farmers the large mother encourages understand the joyful women	plural	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objrel_adj	The little farmers the big mother knows observe the sad women	plural	singular	plural	know	observes
objrel_adj	The little farmers the huge singer knows understand the large teachers	plural	singular	plural	know	understands
objrel_adj	The large farmers the old uncle knows encourage the big kids	plural	singular	plural	know	encourages
objrel_adj	The little farmers the old woman greets discourage the sad lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objrel_adj	The huge fathers the sad carpenter discourages admire the little girls	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel_adj	The young fathers the miserable friend criticizes engage the little teachers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel_adj	The big fathers the little guy criticizes stimulate the young victims	plural	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objrel_adj	The tiny fathers the large guy discourages avoid the ecstatic singers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel_adj	The old fathers the miserable guy discourages observe the sad victims	plural	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objrel_adj	The old fathers the huge teacher confuses admire the small friends	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel_adj	The joyful fathers the huge woman greets know the big aunts	plural	singular	plural	greet	knows
objrel_adj	The happy friends the ecstatic aunt admires know the joyful boys	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel_adj	The little friends the happy boy approves greet the miserable athletes	plural	singular	plural	approve	greets
objrel_adj	The small friends the ecstatic father discourages inspire the old lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objrel_adj	The big girls the huge boy engages observe the happy carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engage	observes
objrel_adj	The huge girls the miserable doctor confuses understand the happy aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objrel_adj	The huge girls the miserable doctor engages encourage the sad friends	plural	singular	plural	engage	encourages
objrel_adj	The old girls the young farmer avoids know the joyful women	plural	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_adj	The joyful girls the happy farmer discourages engage the old victims	plural	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objrel_adj	The old girls the young friend observes avoid the sad lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objrel_adj	The joyful girls the old poet approves criticize the miserable fathers	plural	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objrel_adj	The young girls the joyful poet confuses understand the large friends	plural	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objrel_adj	The joyful girls the small singer avoids encourage the old guys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objrel_adj	The big guys the huge aunt greets stimulate the happy boys	plural	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objrel_adj	The tiny guys the big aunt remembers inspire the young singers	plural	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objrel_adj	The tiny guys the old farmer knows approve the big carpenters	plural	singular	plural	know	approves
objrel_adj	The little guys the happy father inspires approve the tiny friends	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel_adj	The little guys the joyful kid observes understand the ecstatic singers	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel_adj	The sad guys the large mother engages inspire the small girls	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel_adj	The little guys the old singer avoids engage the young victims	plural	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objrel_adj	The small guys the old singer discourages engage the joyful poets	plural	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objrel_adj	The happy guys the miserable singer understands approve the little victims	plural	singular	plural	understand	approves
objrel_adj	The happy guys the young victim avoids remember the big kids	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel_adj	The big guys the sad victim criticizes greet the old singers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objrel_adj	The huge kids the sad aunt engages understand the happy victims	plural	singular	plural	engage	understands
objrel_adj	The large kids the happy aunt stimulates greet the old boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objrel_adj	The sad kids the old doctor criticizes discourage the little guys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel_adj	The happy kids the little farmer inspires understand the joyful victims	plural	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objrel_adj	The old kids the tiny friend stimulates remember the big uncles	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	remembers
objrel_adj	The miserable kids the sad girl criticizes remember the large friends	plural	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objrel_adj	The young kids the old guy observes confuse the huge carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objrel_adj	The ecstatic kids the huge teacher encourages inspire the large carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objrel_adj	The small kids the little woman approves understand the old athletes	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel_adj	The huge kids the little woman engages discourage the small mothers	plural	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objrel_adj	The happy lawyers the joyful carpenter understands stimulate the big men	plural	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objrel_adj	The old lawyers the happy farmer engages inspire the young guys	plural	singular	plural	engage	inspires
objrel_adj	The ecstatic lawyers the tiny farmer understands confuse the old men	plural	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objrel_adj	The happy lawyers the little friend encourages know the big boys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel_adj	The large lawyers the small friend stimulates encourage the happy mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objrel_adj	The miserable lawyers the old girl understands greet the ecstatic victims	plural	singular	plural	understand	greets
objrel_adj	The little lawyers the sad guy approves greet the young friends	plural	singular	plural	approve	greets
objrel_adj	The miserable lawyers the ecstatic kid criticizes approve the big friends	plural	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objrel_adj	The big lawyers the miserable kid engages approve the sad victims	plural	singular	plural	engage	approves
objrel_adj	The tiny lawyers the miserable teacher inspires confuse the old women	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel_adj	The happy lawyers the ecstatic teacher remembers inspire the tiny boys	plural	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objrel_adj	The ecstatic lawyers the miserable uncle knows remember the big women	plural	singular	plural	know	remembers
objrel_adj	The sad men the happy aunt encourages remember the ecstatic friends	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel_adj	The sad men the happy boy greets encourage the huge lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objrel_adj	The small men the tiny boy stimulates criticize the big guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_adj	The small men the large carpenter confuses criticize the sad farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objrel_adj	The sad men the big doctor understands know the large teachers	plural	singular	plural	understand	knows
objrel_adj	The big men the small farmer approves know the huge victims	plural	singular	plural	approve	knows
objrel_adj	The ecstatic men the huge friend avoids engage the happy fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objrel_adj	The little men the old friend remembers admire the large boys	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel_adj	The big men the huge lawyer observes greet the little victims	plural	singular	plural	observe	greets
objrel_adj	The small men the joyful singer knows criticize the little boys	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel_adj	The miserable men the large victim criticizes engage the joyful aunts	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel_adj	The miserable mothers the huge aunt criticizes discourage the small uncles	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel_adj	The ecstatic mothers the happy boy stimulates confuse the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objrel_adj	The small mothers the little carpenter stimulates avoid the ecstatic athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objrel_adj	The young mothers the big friend greets understand the happy singers	plural	singular	plural	greet	understands
objrel_adj	The joyful mothers the sad guy criticizes engage the little poets	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel_adj	The young mothers the little kid engages encourage the large doctors	plural	singular	plural	engage	encourages
objrel_adj	The old mothers the big lawyer stimulates understand the large victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objrel_adj	The ecstatic mothers the huge man discourages admire the small kids	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel_adj	The tiny mothers the old poet criticizes discourage the huge fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objrel_adj	The small mothers the huge teacher avoids stimulate the happy guys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_adj	The happy mothers the joyful victim observes encourage the old doctors	plural	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objrel_adj	The big poets the miserable boy avoids stimulate the tiny men	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_adj	The sad poets the young boy stimulates engage the old fathers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	engages
objrel_adj	The joyful poets the ecstatic farmer knows confuse the huge fathers	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel_adj	The huge poets the ecstatic farmer remembers avoid the happy uncles	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel_adj	The big poets the tiny father encourages understand the happy farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objrel_adj	The joyful poets the tiny father remembers discourage the old mothers	plural	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objrel_adj	The joyful poets the happy father understands inspire the sad singers	plural	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objrel_adj	The large poets the little kid avoids stimulate the miserable guys	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_adj	The old poets the big man approves understand the tiny boys	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel_adj	The small poets the big man confuses avoid the tiny uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objrel_adj	The sad poets the ecstatic mother observes approve the large men	plural	singular	plural	observe	approves
objrel_adj	The tiny poets the sad teacher confuses engage the miserable men	plural	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objrel_adj	The huge poets the old uncle understands avoid the sad farmers	plural	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objrel_adj	The large singers the huge athlete understands engage the young friends	plural	singular	plural	understand	engages
objrel_adj	The sad singers the old friend encourages stimulate the happy fathers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel_adj	The huge singers the tiny lawyer stimulates observe the ecstatic victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel_adj	The young singers the small mother remembers know the tiny kids	plural	singular	plural	remember	knows
objrel_adj	The tiny singers the big teacher greets criticize the large poets	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel_adj	The old singers the young victim understands remember the small girls	plural	singular	plural	understand	remembers
objrel_adj	The happy singers the huge woman approves remember the sad boys	plural	singular	plural	approve	remembers
objrel_adj	The small teachers the joyful boy inspires understand the ecstatic guys	plural	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objrel_adj	The young teachers the joyful carpenter avoids inspire the old friends	plural	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objrel_adj	The joyful teachers the young carpenter inspires discourage the huge friends	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel_adj	The big teachers the small doctor confuses approve the ecstatic uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objrel_adj	The tiny teachers the joyful father engages admire the huge friends	plural	singular	plural	engage	admires
objrel_adj	The huge teachers the young kid encourages avoid the joyful friends	plural	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objrel_adj	The joyful teachers the big kid remembers approve the tiny boys	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel_adj	The large teachers the huge lawyer criticizes encourage the happy kids	plural	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objrel_adj	The sad teachers the little poet confuses criticize the miserable mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objrel_adj	The ecstatic teachers the huge victim remembers admire the little singers	plural	singular	plural	remember	admires
objrel_adj	The big uncles the huge carpenter greets engage the happy teachers	plural	singular	plural	greet	engages
objrel_adj	The happy uncles the tiny doctor knows approve the little girls	plural	singular	plural	know	approves
objrel_adj	The huge uncles the small doctor stimulates confuse the joyful aunts	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	confuses
objrel_adj	The large uncles the tiny father knows admire the ecstatic aunts	plural	singular	plural	know	admires
objrel_adj	The old uncles the small girl knows understand the huge fathers	plural	singular	plural	know	understands
objrel_adj	The large uncles the huge guy criticizes stimulate the small friends	plural	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objrel_adj	The sad uncles the big guy inspires discourage the joyful carpenters	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel_adj	The little uncles the ecstatic kid inspires avoid the large women	plural	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objrel_adj	The ecstatic uncles the little man discourages engage the big guys	plural	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objrel_adj	The big uncles the large mother approves discourage the sad doctors	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel_adj	The tiny uncles the big poet stimulates avoid the huge mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objrel_adj	The small uncles the miserable woman avoids encourage the happy teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objrel_adj	The young victims the sad aunt knows engage the small singers	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel_adj	The sad victims the tiny carpenter avoids remember the little singers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	remembers
objrel_adj	The miserable victims the joyful doctor confuses admire the large guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel_adj	The old victims the miserable farmer avoids encourage the happy women	plural	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objrel_adj	The sad victims the young father encourages admire the ecstatic athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objrel_adj	The ecstatic victims the large girl approves criticize the tiny teachers	plural	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objrel_adj	The happy victims the young girl encourages approve the ecstatic women	plural	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objrel_adj	The big victims the happy guy admires criticize the tiny poets	plural	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objrel_adj	The miserable victims the large kid encourages understand the tiny carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objrel_adj	The huge victims the sad lawyer inspires approve the little singers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	approves
objrel_adj	The old victims the young mother avoids encourage the sad lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	encourages
objrel_adj	The joyful victims the little mother confuses inspire the happy lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel_adj	The sad victims the little poet discourages encourage the ecstatic doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel_adj	The sad victims the large teacher inspires confuse the little mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel_adj	The miserable women the tiny boy approves confuse the big lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel_adj	The ecstatic women the sad carpenter criticizes engage the tiny boys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel_adj	The ecstatic women the joyful doctor approves admire the old friends	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel_adj	The happy women the big father inspires understand the large poets	plural	singular	plural	inspire	understands
objrel_adj	The little women the sad kid discourages know the happy boys	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel_adj	The young women the big lawyer confuses admire the huge guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel_adj	The huge women the tiny lawyer encourages remember the small mothers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel_adj	The small women the big man discourages know the joyful boys	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel_adj	The miserable women the small poet stimulates criticize the little mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_adj	The young women the huge singer admires criticize the sad kids	plural	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objrel_adj	The sad women the huge singer confuses discourage the old victims	plural	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objrel_adj	The little women the joyful singer inspires admire the huge girls	plural	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objrel_adj	The big women the huge teacher observes understand the little fathers	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel_adj	The tiny women the old victim approves greet the small lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approve	greets
objrel_adj	The little women the small victim stimulates understand the tiny farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objrel_adj	The miserable athletes the little aunts encourage engage the happy guy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
objrel_adj	The young athletes the big carpenters criticize stimulate the huge singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_adj	The sad athletes the miserable friends observe approve the small boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
objrel_adj	The large athletes the huge girls criticize understand the big lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
objrel_adj	The sad athletes the joyful girls encourage engage the large aunt	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
objrel_adj	The huge athletes the sad singers approve confuse the large carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel_adj	The tiny athletes the small teachers stimulate greet the joyful girl	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel_adj	The big athletes the large victims greet discourage the little father	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
objrel_adj	The old athletes the huge victims know inspire the small lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
objrel_adj	The big athletes the old women know stimulate the joyful carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
objrel_adj	The sad aunts the ecstatic doctors understand encourage the old teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
objrel_adj	The joyful aunts the small fathers stimulate discourage the huge woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
objrel_adj	The happy aunts the young guys approve engage the huge father	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
objrel_adj	The young aunts the ecstatic teachers avoid confuse the happy man	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
objrel_adj	The miserable aunts the small teachers know greet the young carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
objrel_adj	The young aunts the tiny women know greet the joyful man	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
objrel_adj	The old boys the large aunts inspire observe the tiny father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
objrel_adj	The little boys the sad carpenters confuse discourage the big uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
objrel_adj	The old boys the happy farmers understand observe the little woman	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
objrel_adj	The little boys the young fathers discourage approve the miserable lawyer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_adj	The tiny boys the ecstatic fathers greet remember the happy man	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel_adj	The happy boys the small girls admire greet the miserable mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel_adj	The joyful boys the tiny mothers stimulate engage the big friend	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
objrel_adj	The happy boys the huge poets engage know the joyful man	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
objrel_adj	The big boys the ecstatic singers remember admire the huge friend	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
objrel_adj	The ecstatic boys the big victims observe discourage the miserable carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
objrel_adj	The happy boys the sad victims observe discourage the little doctor	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
objrel_adj	The large boys the small women admire know the happy man	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
objrel_adj	The old boys the happy women discourage stimulate the huge athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel_adj	The tiny carpenters the miserable boys criticize inspire the sad girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
objrel_adj	The joyful carpenters the tiny doctors engage encourage the huge athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
objrel_adj	The sad carpenters the tiny farmers discourage avoid the young singer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel_adj	The miserable carpenters the ecstatic farmers understand criticize the tiny guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
objrel_adj	The old carpenters the happy fathers inspire encourage the huge lawyer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
objrel_adj	The small carpenters the miserable friends admire encourage the old doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel_adj	The sad carpenters the ecstatic friends observe avoid the tiny poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
objrel_adj	The sad carpenters the huge friends observe criticize the little aunt	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
objrel_adj	The small carpenters the tiny friends observe inspire the happy lawyer	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
objrel_adj	The sad carpenters the happy men avoid remember the old friend	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
objrel_adj	The huge carpenters the sad men confuse avoid the young boy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
objrel_adj	The small carpenters the old uncles admire criticize the miserable friend	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
objrel_adj	The miserable doctors the sad boys discourage know the big victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
objrel_adj	The small doctors the happy carpenters know discourage the big boy	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel_adj	The old doctors the ecstatic fathers admire remember the joyful singer	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
objrel_adj	The tiny doctors the sad fathers criticize admire the large kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
objrel_adj	The ecstatic doctors the sad guys criticize remember the tiny victim	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
objrel_adj	The big doctors the large kids observe encourage the sad woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
objrel_adj	The ecstatic doctors the joyful men avoid observe the huge lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observes
objrel_adj	The big doctors the joyful men understand discourage the happy aunt	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
objrel_adj	The old doctors the happy poets stimulate inspire the big lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel_adj	The joyful doctors the big teachers admire discourage the happy girl	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
objrel_adj	The young farmers the large fathers confuse admire the miserable poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
objrel_adj	The big farmers the sad guys greet stimulate the young mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel_adj	The old farmers the big lawyers encourage discourage the happy father	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
objrel_adj	The ecstatic farmers the big men confuse encourage the little father	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
objrel_adj	The young farmers the tiny mothers inspire understand the large man	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
objrel_adj	The huge farmers the tiny uncles encourage stimulate the joyful singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
objrel_adj	The large farmers the tiny victims remember criticize the huge father	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticizes
objrel_adj	The large fathers the young athletes engage criticize the miserable mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
objrel_adj	The large fathers the little athletes inspire stimulate the small victim	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
objrel_adj	The little fathers the sad athletes remember admire the large poet	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
objrel_adj	The joyful fathers the little boys approve engage the ecstatic guy	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
objrel_adj	The small fathers the old boys discourage know the happy singer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
objrel_adj	The young fathers the old carpenters encourage admire the miserable poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel_adj	The ecstatic fathers the miserable carpenters remember engage the young farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
objrel_adj	The happy fathers the tiny doctors know encourage the young athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel_adj	The young fathers the happy kids remember greet the big mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
objrel_adj	The young fathers the old men understand remember the ecstatic teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
objrel_adj	The young fathers the little mothers engage understand the sad girl	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
objrel_adj	The joyful fathers the sad teachers stimulate confuse the ecstatic guy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuses
objrel_adj	The ecstatic friends the old aunts avoid understand the tiny girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
objrel_adj	The happy friends the young aunts discourage criticize the joyful singer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
objrel_adj	The huge friends the big boys confuse criticize the joyful girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
objrel_adj	The small friends the miserable doctors greet avoid the sad kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel_adj	The big friends the joyful doctors remember discourage the little guy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel_adj	The old friends the large farmers discourage approve the young victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_adj	The large friends the happy farmers inspire engage the sad woman	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
objrel_adj	The big friends the small fathers engage criticize the young singer	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
objrel_adj	The sad friends the old girls approve inspire the young woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspires
objrel_adj	The huge friends the ecstatic lawyers engage observe the little father	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel_adj	The miserable friends the tiny men discourage approve the old aunt	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_adj	The huge friends the old poets inspire stimulate the joyful girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
objrel_adj	The sad girls the little lawyers understand avoid the miserable man	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel_adj	The tiny girls the old mothers engage avoid the little victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel_adj	The young girls the miserable teachers avoid greet the ecstatic victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
objrel_adj	The young girls the big uncles avoid discourage the large carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
objrel_adj	The happy girls the large victims observe stimulate the sad father	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel_adj	The old girls the joyful women greet understand the sad poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
objrel_adj	The miserable guys the big athletes admire encourage the old uncle	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel_adj	The miserable guys the sad boys criticize know the young uncle	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel_adj	The young guys the ecstatic carpenters stimulate greet the big poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel_adj	The big guys the huge farmers remember encourage the happy woman	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
objrel_adj	The sad guys the small fathers encourage confuse the tiny woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
objrel_adj	The little guys the tiny fathers understand admire the old boy	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel_adj	The big guys the small singers admire discourage the huge man	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
objrel_adj	The ecstatic guys the old women remember inspire the happy lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel_adj	The large kids the big carpenters approve stimulate the young farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
objrel_adj	The sad kids the old farmers avoid know the large woman	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
objrel_adj	The little kids the tiny girls engage approve the huge lawyer	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
objrel_adj	The old kids the ecstatic girls remember avoid the large carpenter	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel_adj	The huge kids the miserable mothers inspire discourage the little woman	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel_adj	The little kids the sad uncles discourage know the young man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
objrel_adj	The sad kids the huge victims confuse discourage the big boy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
objrel_adj	The young lawyers the large athletes inspire observe the sad teacher	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
objrel_adj	The young lawyers the huge friends know admire the miserable man	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel_adj	The old lawyers the tiny mothers approve understand the big girl	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
objrel_adj	The happy lawyers the large uncles engage greet the huge carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
objrel_adj	The small lawyers the joyful women observe remember the little singer	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
objrel_adj	The miserable men the ecstatic aunts criticize observe the joyful teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
objrel_adj	The huge men the young aunts greet admire the little guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
objrel_adj	The large men the joyful boys stimulate engage the tiny carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
objrel_adj	The old men the young carpenters remember inspire the huge victim	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel_adj	The big men the large carpenters stimulate engage the ecstatic teacher	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
objrel_adj	The big men the happy friends admire criticize the old kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
objrel_adj	The sad men the tiny friends know discourage the old girl	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel_adj	The large men the tiny kids understand avoid the small girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
objrel_adj	The big men the miserable singers approve observe the small farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
objrel_adj	The huge men the old teachers engage observe the big girl	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel_adj	The old mothers the huge athletes engage greet the miserable man	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
objrel_adj	The big mothers the old carpenters know criticize the ecstatic poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel_adj	The small mothers the little farmers know approve the joyful guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel_adj	The large mothers the sad fathers admire confuse the small boy	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
objrel_adj	The miserable mothers the tiny fathers admire criticize the young lawyer	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
objrel_adj	The happy mothers the ecstatic fathers know greet the old kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
objrel_adj	The miserable mothers the huge girls greet remember the tiny lawyer	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel_adj	The young mothers the small guys encourage know the huge father	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_adj	The huge mothers the happy guys stimulate greet the young singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel_adj	The little mothers the small lawyers observe understand the big farmer	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
objrel_adj	The young mothers the ecstatic men admire know the huge doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
objrel_adj	The big mothers the joyful poets criticize remember the little lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
objrel_adj	The young mothers the old poets discourage criticize the joyful kid	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
objrel_adj	The huge mothers the joyful singers know discourage the tiny guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel_adj	The happy mothers the young uncles confuse engage the small man	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
objrel_adj	The ecstatic mothers the small uncles discourage confuse the huge girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
objrel_adj	The miserable mothers the large uncles greet confuse the joyful carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_adj	The large mothers the small uncles greet understand the huge aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
objrel_adj	The huge mothers the old victims stimulate discourage the miserable aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
objrel_adj	The happy mothers the miserable women avoid greet the large aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
objrel_adj	The young poets the miserable aunts stimulate greet the sad teacher	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel_adj	The sad poets the young boys confuse inspire the tiny carpenter	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel_adj	The sad poets the happy fathers approve discourage the huge teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
objrel_adj	The small poets the young fathers stimulate encourage the little boy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
objrel_adj	The old poets the big mothers encourage observe the ecstatic guy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
objrel_adj	The joyful poets the little mothers observe inspire the small boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
objrel_adj	The happy poets the sad teachers observe greet the small victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel_adj	The huge poets the large women encourage confuse the small athlete	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
objrel_adj	The joyful poets the tiny women know observe the ecstatic carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
objrel_adj	The young poets the huge women understand approve the old singer	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
objrel_adj	The little singers the sad boys avoid discourage the joyful aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
objrel_adj	The young singers the large fathers admire engage the joyful guy	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
objrel_adj	The huge singers the old friends approve understand the little girl	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
objrel_adj	The huge singers the small girls avoid confuse the young athlete	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
objrel_adj	The young singers the miserable guys admire stimulate the tiny aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
objrel_adj	The huge singers the ecstatic kids confuse greet the big woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
objrel_adj	The old singers the huge kids stimulate avoid the ecstatic doctor	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
objrel_adj	The big singers the miserable teachers encourage stimulate the large farmer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
objrel_adj	The big singers the happy teachers inspire avoid the joyful aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
objrel_adj	The joyful singers the big uncles observe inspire the tiny poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
objrel_adj	The ecstatic teachers the tiny aunts know discourage the miserable athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
objrel_adj	The tiny teachers the joyful boys approve avoid the huge guy	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
objrel_adj	The happy teachers the sad boys engage criticize the miserable victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
objrel_adj	The huge teachers the sad boys observe stimulate the big lawyer	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel_adj	The huge teachers the little fathers greet stimulate the miserable carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel_adj	The big teachers the miserable kids avoid discourage the large father	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
objrel_adj	The big teachers the little poets approve observe the large athlete	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
objrel_adj	The big uncles the miserable athletes greet confuse the joyful mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_adj	The huge uncles the little doctors criticize admire the sad mother	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
objrel_adj	The ecstatic uncles the sad doctors observe greet the small guy	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel_adj	The big uncles the sad fathers admire stimulate the large singer	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
objrel_adj	The old uncles the ecstatic girls discourage greet the miserable teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
objrel_adj	The joyful uncles the miserable kids confuse inspire the large guy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel_adj	The huge uncles the little kids stimulate admire the young lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel_adj	The miserable uncles the big lawyers discourage confuse the little girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
objrel_adj	The little uncles the joyful lawyers engage criticize the huge athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
objrel_adj	The young uncles the miserable men stimulate observe the sad father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
objrel_adj	The happy uncles the huge teachers inspire confuse the sad poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
objrel_adj	The big uncles the miserable teachers observe understand the large carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
objrel_adj	The miserable uncles the huge victims observe encourage the young singer	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
objrel_adj	The sad victims the young athletes stimulate discourage the happy doctor	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
objrel_adj	The happy victims the big aunts encourage observe the young father	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
objrel_adj	The big victims the joyful doctors discourage remember the ecstatic teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
objrel_adj	The happy victims the old farmers confuse know the ecstatic singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
objrel_adj	The tiny victims the sad fathers criticize encourage the joyful teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel_adj	The old victims the large guys approve discourage the big uncle	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
objrel_adj	The young victims the sad lawyers criticize admire the huge doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
objrel_adj	The huge victims the sad poets admire encourage the small woman	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel_adj	The joyful victims the ecstatic poets approve admire the huge woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
objrel_adj	The old victims the little singers confuse observe the big lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
objrel_adj	The joyful victims the young women avoid approve the miserable girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approves
objrel_adj	The huge victims the big women understand admire the happy uncle	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel_adj	The young women the old aunts discourage avoid the small farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel_adj	The ecstatic women the huge aunts remember greet the happy victim	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
objrel_adj	The joyful women the small carpenters admire approve the big father	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
objrel_adj	The young women the big lawyers approve know the joyful carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
objrel_adj	The large women the joyful lawyers remember inspire the young kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
objrel_adj	The small women the large men approve understand the little friend	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
objrel_adj	The young women the little mothers inspire encourage the sad boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
objrel_adj	The tiny women the miserable mothers observe stimulate the sad doctor	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
objrel_adj	The small women the miserable mothers understand inspire the little boy	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
objrel_adj	The joyful women the old teachers remember approve the small mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
objrel_adj	The young athletes the ecstatic aunts approve stimulate the huge fathers	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objrel_adj	The old athletes the young aunts encourage engage the huge singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objrel_adj	The sad athletes the joyful friends criticize approve the small uncles	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objrel_adj	The miserable athletes the old girls admire discourage the sad boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objrel_adj	The big athletes the ecstatic guys stimulate confuse the miserable teachers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objrel_adj	The joyful athletes the happy singers stimulate inspire the big guys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objrel_adj	The huge athletes the large uncles know understand the little kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objrel_adj	The big athletes the huge victims encourage confuse the little guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objrel_adj	The sad athletes the small victims observe know the little guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
objrel_adj	The tiny athletes the big women greet stimulate the huge lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objrel_adj	The tiny aunts the large carpenters admire remember the miserable victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objrel_adj	The miserable aunts the joyful carpenters criticize inspire the tiny lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel_adj	The happy aunts the large farmers discourage inspire the small women	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel_adj	The ecstatic aunts the miserable fathers admire understand the small guys	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objrel_adj	The young aunts the huge kids confuse greet the joyful girls	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objrel_adj	The sad aunts the small poets criticize stimulate the happy girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_adj	The tiny aunts the young victims remember approve the small men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel_adj	The ecstatic aunts the joyful women discourage approve the small athletes	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel_adj	The old aunts the young women remember admire the joyful lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel_adj	The large boys the little athletes greet discourage the tiny singers	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objrel_adj	The joyful boys the big carpenters criticize approve the happy mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objrel_adj	The ecstatic boys the large fathers admire approve the big aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objrel_adj	The young boys the miserable guys encourage know the sad carpenters	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objrel_adj	The happy boys the young men engage encourage the sad aunts	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objrel_adj	The tiny boys the miserable poets approve remember the joyful farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel_adj	The tiny boys the sad poets confuse admire the young athletes	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objrel_adj	The miserable boys the young singers remember admire the little aunts	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
objrel_adj	The large boys the huge uncles observe confuse the sad lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objrel_adj	The big boys the joyful victims criticize greet the little friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel_adj	The old carpenters the ecstatic doctors discourage inspire the happy lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel_adj	The happy carpenters the tiny girls encourage discourage the large aunts	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objrel_adj	The tiny carpenters the young guys know greet the old victims	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objrel_adj	The tiny carpenters the miserable kids discourage confuse the old lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objrel_adj	The big carpenters the little poets criticize avoid the huge teachers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objrel_adj	The happy carpenters the old victims admire discourage the small women	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
objrel_adj	The young carpenters the old victims criticize engage the huge singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objrel_adj	The joyful doctors the sad athletes confuse observe the little victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel_adj	The little doctors the sad athletes greet encourage the joyful teachers	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objrel_adj	The little doctors the old aunts admire engage the large girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objrel_adj	The little doctors the tiny aunts encourage remember the small friends	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objrel_adj	The little doctors the young boys encourage approve the large lawyers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel_adj	The joyful doctors the happy boys encourage engage the ecstatic carpenters	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objrel_adj	The miserable doctors the tiny friends encourage avoid the little victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel_adj	The old doctors the little lawyers encourage remember the joyful boys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objrel_adj	The little doctors the big poets engage understand the joyful friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objrel_adj	The ecstatic doctors the tiny teachers criticize approve the joyful lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objrel_adj	The ecstatic doctors the miserable teachers inspire avoid the huge lawyers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objrel_adj	The tiny doctors the little uncles encourage discourage the young guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objrel_adj	The big doctors the tiny women confuse stimulate the young aunts	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objrel_adj	The huge farmers the tiny aunts engage observe the happy athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objrel_adj	The joyful farmers the huge carpenters approve know the large boys	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel_adj	The miserable farmers the sad doctors admire approve the large boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objrel_adj	The old farmers the large friends avoid confuse the little teachers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objrel_adj	The miserable farmers the joyful girls discourage know the sad doctors	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objrel_adj	The ecstatic farmers the joyful guys stimulate discourage the sad women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
objrel_adj	The big farmers the joyful lawyers understand discourage the miserable friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objrel_adj	The joyful farmers the ecstatic men understand observe the happy kids	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel_adj	The joyful farmers the ecstatic singers greet admire the young women	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel_adj	The young farmers the sad victims know criticize the old singers	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objrel_adj	The old fathers the tiny boys observe avoid the joyful mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel_adj	The old fathers the sad farmers inspire discourage the large kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objrel_adj	The big fathers the old friends criticize know the tiny farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objrel_adj	The young fathers the miserable friends greet avoid the huge women	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objrel_adj	The large fathers the huge guys greet engage the joyful poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objrel_adj	The large fathers the happy mothers know criticize the little women	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objrel_adj	The miserable fathers the happy teachers admire confuse the little lawyers	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objrel_adj	The young fathers the little uncles observe encourage the big kids	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objrel_adj	The joyful fathers the old uncles understand inspire the huge singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objrel_adj	The joyful friends the small aunts approve encourage the sad farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objrel_adj	The miserable friends the happy carpenters encourage avoid the tiny aunts	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel_adj	The small friends the miserable girls discourage admire the sad victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel_adj	The happy friends the ecstatic girls remember avoid the big teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objrel_adj	The large friends the tiny girls understand avoid the small fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel_adj	The old friends the huge kids stimulate admire the tiny men	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objrel_adj	The ecstatic friends the big lawyers understand inspire the sad men	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
objrel_adj	The joyful friends the old singers inspire encourage the miserable victims	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objrel_adj	The ecstatic friends the joyful uncles criticize inspire the sad lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel_adj	The sad girls the huge doctors encourage criticize the old kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objrel_adj	The big girls the sad farmers discourage understand the happy singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_adj	The tiny girls the big fathers avoid confuse the sad uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objrel_adj	The big girls the miserable fathers engage remember the small carpenters	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel_adj	The tiny girls the sad guys approve observe the joyful women	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objrel_adj	The ecstatic girls the miserable guys discourage encourage the small lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objrel_adj	The ecstatic girls the large guys engage know the small aunts	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objrel_adj	The tiny girls the small men understand approve the little fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel_adj	The old girls the joyful women engage remember the happy poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel_adj	The young guys the joyful aunts understand confuse the large poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objrel_adj	The big guys the old aunts understand stimulate the huge uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objrel_adj	The tiny guys the huge doctors confuse admire the little poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objrel_adj	The tiny guys the small farmers criticize admire the joyful poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objrel_adj	The miserable guys the ecstatic friends encourage greet the big victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
objrel_adj	The miserable guys the young friends observe criticize the joyful mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel_adj	The miserable guys the huge lawyers greet remember the little friends	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objrel_adj	The miserable guys the huge mothers engage know the happy fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objrel_adj	The joyful guys the ecstatic mothers observe confuse the sad women	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objrel_adj	The young guys the huge mothers remember understand the joyful lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objrel_adj	The big guys the sad teachers inspire approve the small athletes	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel_adj	The tiny guys the huge uncles remember discourage the young victims	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel_adj	The little guys the happy women discourage encourage the small victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
objrel_adj	The old guys the small women stimulate remember the sad athletes	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
objrel_adj	The happy kids the old friends remember approve the small fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objrel_adj	The happy kids the big lawyers approve discourage the large girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel_adj	The large kids the huge mothers encourage observe the big friends	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objrel_adj	The happy kids the huge mothers know greet the young carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objrel_adj	The old kids the ecstatic poets know engage the young mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objrel_adj	The young kids the joyful singers greet remember the huge uncles	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objrel_adj	The young kids the little teachers inspire admire the huge friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objrel_adj	The small kids the large women avoid criticize the old farmers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objrel_adj	The old lawyers the small athletes criticize stimulate the little singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_adj	The young lawyers the miserable aunts understand criticize the happy fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objrel_adj	The big lawyers the large friends inspire stimulate the ecstatic doctors	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel_adj	The young lawyers the old girls approve observe the little poets	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objrel_adj	The tiny lawyers the joyful guys greet discourage the small poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objrel_adj	The miserable lawyers the ecstatic kids greet approve the old girls	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objrel_adj	The joyful lawyers the miserable mothers stimulate engage the old fathers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
objrel_adj	The small lawyers the ecstatic singers engage discourage the huge victims	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel_adj	The tiny lawyers the big victims approve criticize the small athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel_adj	The old lawyers the big victims avoid admire the sad singers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objrel_adj	The joyful men the tiny aunts greet criticize the ecstatic carpenters	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objrel_adj	The little men the happy boys approve engage the tiny singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objrel_adj	The little men the miserable boys engage remember the ecstatic poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel_adj	The sad men the large carpenters confuse understand the tiny boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel_adj	The little men the young kids admire criticize the large carpenters	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objrel_adj	The miserable men the happy kids encourage understand the ecstatic farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel_adj	The big men the large kids greet criticize the tiny women	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objrel_adj	The little men the tiny mothers admire understand the large farmers	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
objrel_adj	The huge men the old mothers criticize greet the large poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objrel_adj	The small men the tiny poets observe greet the joyful fathers	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objrel_adj	The huge men the ecstatic singers approve avoid the happy doctors	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objrel_adj	The small men the old singers stimulate greet the miserable girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objrel_adj	The little men the small victims admire confuse the miserable fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objrel_adj	The small men the young victims remember discourage the miserable farmers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel_adj	The huge mothers the old doctors admire criticize the large victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objrel_adj	The joyful mothers the tiny poets criticize understand the ecstatic farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objrel_adj	The ecstatic mothers the sad singers criticize inspire the joyful farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel_adj	The tiny mothers the big teachers admire observe the small farmers	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
objrel_adj	The small mothers the huge teachers admire remember the ecstatic men	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objrel_adj	The sad mothers the happy uncles understand stimulate the young singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objrel_adj	The old mothers the miserable victims observe encourage the sad boys	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objrel_adj	The joyful poets the young athletes understand observe the old doctors	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
objrel_adj	The miserable poets the joyful carpenters stimulate avoid the old boys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objrel_adj	The little poets the huge doctors approve stimulate the small women	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objrel_adj	The ecstatic poets the happy doctors criticize confuse the large teachers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objrel_adj	The happy poets the little farmers approve inspire the small victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
objrel_adj	The old poets the miserable friends confuse discourage the sad doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel_adj	The old poets the big girls approve remember the sad singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel_adj	The ecstatic poets the big kids approve discourage the huge friends	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel_adj	The sad poets the miserable mothers criticize inspire the young friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel_adj	The ecstatic poets the little uncles criticize know the joyful mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objrel_adj	The miserable poets the happy victims engage confuse the ecstatic athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_adj	The big singers the joyful boys criticize encourage the happy lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_adj	The tiny singers the old boys know inspire the young fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel_adj	The miserable singers the happy carpenters criticize discourage the big poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel_adj	The miserable singers the sad fathers engage confuse the huge friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_adj	The big singers the small lawyers encourage remember the old men	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objrel_adj	The happy singers the sad uncles approve know the small girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel_adj	The large singers the huge uncles engage approve the young boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objrel_adj	The large singers the ecstatic victims observe discourage the huge guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
objrel_adj	The tiny teachers the huge aunts admire confuse the sad doctors	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objrel_adj	The old teachers the tiny aunts know encourage the miserable uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objrel_adj	The ecstatic teachers the small carpenters approve confuse the little doctors	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objrel_adj	The huge teachers the joyful farmers observe understand the big lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel_adj	The big teachers the sad friends avoid confuse the huge women	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
objrel_adj	The old teachers the sad guys avoid engage the miserable uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel_adj	The happy teachers the small mothers inspire admire the joyful men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objrel_adj	The old teachers the miserable mothers understand approve the little uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel_adj	The small teachers the ecstatic poets approve understand the young women	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objrel_adj	The huge teachers the young poets criticize know the large singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objrel_adj	The large teachers the young poets discourage avoid the little kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel_adj	The old teachers the large victims observe approve the big aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objrel_adj	The large uncles the old aunts confuse inspire the ecstatic farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel_adj	The sad uncles the joyful doctors avoid engage the miserable girls	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objrel_adj	The big uncles the sad farmers criticize encourage the small victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_adj	The old uncles the young fathers approve stimulate the huge farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objrel_adj	The happy uncles the big fathers confuse discourage the young men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
objrel_adj	The old uncles the huge girls confuse observe the young athletes	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel_adj	The little uncles the ecstatic guys observe criticize the large singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel_adj	The tiny uncles the young guys stimulate criticize the large women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_adj	The young uncles the old lawyers greet approve the miserable women	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
objrel_adj	The little uncles the huge men approve criticize the happy athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel_adj	The small uncles the little mothers understand approve the ecstatic poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel_adj	The small uncles the happy poets confuse engage the big friends	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel_adj	The young uncles the old teachers inspire criticize the big fathers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objrel_adj	The little victims the tiny athletes approve discourage the joyful girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel_adj	The little victims the miserable aunts approve avoid the young farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objrel_adj	The miserable victims the young aunts remember stimulate the big poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel_adj	The miserable victims the large boys criticize confuse the small men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objrel_adj	The large victims the big carpenters avoid discourage the young uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objrel_adj	The young victims the large fathers approve criticize the happy kids	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel_adj	The huge victims the miserable friends approve greet the old carpenters	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel_adj	The tiny victims the big kids greet confuse the happy poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objrel_adj	The joyful victims the huge men discourage inspire the small kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel_adj	The young victims the old women discourage greet the huge aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
objrel_adj	The large victims the ecstatic women remember avoid the joyful uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objrel_adj	The large women the ecstatic athletes encourage confuse the small doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objrel_adj	The tiny women the joyful aunts confuse engage the large girls	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel_adj	The huge women the small kids inspire remember the joyful aunts	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objrel_adj	The little women the young men stimulate encourage the small mothers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objrel_adj	The small women the huge teachers inspire admire the little kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objrel_adj	The joyful women the little uncles greet stimulate the large lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that the tiny aunt understands remembers the joyful carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the ecstatic carpenter knows greets the little teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large athlete that the ecstatic doctor approves understands the sad father	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the large doctor observes engages the little teacher	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the ecstatic doctor remembers avoids the happy lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The little athlete that the joyful doctor remembers criticizes the tiny man	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that the tiny farmer inspires criticizes the young aunt	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that the ecstatic friend remembers approves the joyful aunt	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that the small girl encourages greets the large woman	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that the sad kid stimulates observes the happy doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that the large mother stimulates understands the big father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the small uncle discourages knows the ecstatic woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that the large woman greets avoids the young father	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old aunt that the sad carpenter remembers avoids the young girl	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small aunt that the old friend engages understands the huge lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that the small uncle criticizes greets the miserable boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little aunt that the ecstatic woman engages discourages the miserable father	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that the little woman greets observes the ecstatic friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the happy athlete avoids criticizes the miserable farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy boy that the young carpenter discourages encourages the ecstatic girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the young farmer admires confuses the joyful mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad boy that the young farmer encourages discourages the old man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the happy lawyer greets knows the miserable father	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the tiny mother remembers criticizes the little father	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the big poet greets inspires the small girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the sad singer inspires remembers the young guy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad boy that the happy teacher admires confuses the big mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the big teacher observes discourages the small girl	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the huge uncle knows greets the old teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy boy that the old uncle stimulates observes the joyful carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little boy that the sad victim approves encourages the joyful doctor	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the old doctor observes confuses the ecstatic woman	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that the small farmer admires stimulates the miserable aunt	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that the tiny father encourages discourages the sad man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that the joyful girl avoids discourages the big guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that the big guy avoids stimulates the tiny mother	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that the large lawyer encourages admires the ecstatic aunt	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the small man encourages remembers the big athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the little poet approves engages the old man	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the happy uncle criticizes confuses the big teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that the old victim inspires criticizes the small boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that the young woman greets criticizes the small lawyer	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the tiny boy engages inspires the sad kid	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big doctor that the joyful farmer greets observes the ecstatic singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that the sad father inspires discourages the ecstatic guy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that the joyful friend approves encourages the small athlete	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that the small lawyer knows engages the large singer	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objrel_that_adj	The big doctor that the huge mother understands discourages the little friend	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large doctor that the happy poet observes discourages the small singer	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that the big uncle admires approves the little farmer	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the young aunt inspires greets the old boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that the big boy criticizes approves the large friend	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that the miserable boy inspires approves the sad uncle	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The young farmer that the big doctor understands avoids the huge boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big farmer that the joyful father encourages observes the happy girl	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big farmer that the ecstatic friend confuses engages the little man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little farmer that the big friend knows understands the young girl	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old farmer that the sad man approves stimulates the young boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that the big poet discourages avoids the young uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large farmer that the huge poet stimulates discourages the old mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that the huge uncle confuses observes the old athlete	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old farmer that the young victim stimulates criticizes the ecstatic guy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the large woman avoids admires the sad doctor	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little farmer that the sad woman greets encourages the small singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big farmer that the ecstatic woman observes confuses the happy girl	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young father that the ecstatic girl inspires approves the miserable uncle	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the big girl observes criticizes the tiny uncle	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big father that the ecstatic woman approves observes the small athlete	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that the small athlete inspires remembers the happy victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the little athlete remembers approves the big poet	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge friend that the big carpenter admires understands the miserable teacher	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that the joyful father discourages encourages the small singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the joyful kid avoids observes the small aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge friend that the old kid discourages confuses the miserable teacher	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that the sad mother avoids observes the joyful singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that the sad mother encourages knows the huge farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the young poet criticizes approves the tiny girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the small teacher approves avoids the large guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the joyful teacher avoids observes the ecstatic athlete	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the happy teacher understands observes the joyful aunt	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big friend that the sad uncle discourages engages the old guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the small woman approves discourages the ecstatic guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young girl that the sad aunt confuses stimulates the little father	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge girl that the large farmer observes encourages the happy teacher	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the little lawyer engages greets the sad boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the big man criticizes avoids the small athlete	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the small man remembers encourages the little victim	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the ecstatic poet approves remembers the happy victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that the small poet observes engages the large doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the sad poet understands criticizes the miserable carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that the little singer avoids observes the ecstatic kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that the old singer engages inspires the miserable kid	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small girl that the miserable uncle inspires engages the little aunt	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the old woman stimulates confuses the big farmer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that the big athlete observes discourages the little friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge guy that the little aunt observes confuses the small poet	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the ecstatic boy discourages greets the small man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the big boy inspires knows the ecstatic doctor	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the ecstatic carpenter stimulates engages the large teacher	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the young doctor discourages avoids the huge mother	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the happy doctor greets approves the large mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little guy that the large girl admires understands the huge farmer	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the young man engages criticizes the old victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small guy that the joyful poet admires inspires the old singer	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The old guy that the huge singer remembers confuses the tiny man	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the little teacher knows stimulates the tiny carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the small victim inspires knows the old poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
objrel_that_adj	The huge guy that the ecstatic woman avoids admires the miserable teacher	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objrel_that_adj	The large kid that the small doctor observes discourages the young guy	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large kid that the ecstatic farmer engages encourages the small singer	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the young mother admires encourages the big carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the miserable mother understands knows the young friend	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objrel_that_adj	The young kid that the miserable singer encourages stimulates the big man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the large teacher confuses admires the ecstatic woman	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small kid that the large teacher understands remembers the miserable athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the sad aunt engages approves the happy athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that the huge boy confuses observes the sad guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the old farmer avoids encourages the big carpenter	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that the old farmer encourages greets the ecstatic guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that the old father encourages observes the sad victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the big friend stimulates criticizes the joyful mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that the tiny guy understands remembers the happy man	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that the sad victim criticizes understands the ecstatic kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old man that the little aunt approves encourages the ecstatic girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the big aunt understands engages the sad guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the miserable carpenter inspires approves the ecstatic boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big man that the small farmer knows confuses the ecstatic father	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The miserable man that the happy father avoids criticizes the little uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The little man that the large kid admires engages the tiny lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the old kid engages avoids the big guy	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the ecstatic kid engages remembers the old girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the little kid stimulates knows the miserable girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the sad mother confuses criticizes the ecstatic teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The miserable man that the joyful mother observes approves the small athlete	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy man that the joyful mother remembers encourages the tiny athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the little singer remembers discourages the big woman	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad man that the miserable uncle avoids understands the tiny carpenter	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large man that the old uncle criticizes engages the sad guy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable man that the joyful uncle encourages inspires the tiny singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the ecstatic uncle encourages understands the old athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the happy uncle stimulates inspires the big friend	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small man that the large victim understands avoids the little woman	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that the small aunt knows observes the big farmer	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the sad aunt observes encourages the huge boy	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy mother that the large aunt observes stimulates the small guy	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad mother that the little boy encourages stimulates the small uncle	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the small farmer engages greets the young aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy mother that the small man stimulates engages the huge poet	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old mother that the joyful teacher encourages stimulates the small friend	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little mother that the small uncle greets avoids the old athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young mother that the joyful uncle inspires greets the happy teacher	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the miserable victim observes discourages the sad father	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the little farmer admires understands the miserable man	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the small friend encourages remembers the large farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the joyful friend observes inspires the old victim	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the sad kid observes approves the miserable aunt	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the little kid remembers discourages the miserable athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the young lawyer confuses encourages the miserable singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young poet that the miserable lawyer stimulates avoids the huge man	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that the young mother observes remembers the small boy	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the miserable singer avoids discourages the large athlete	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the joyful victim knows confuses the huge guy	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge singer that the little athlete encourages knows the big carpenter	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The huge singer that the happy boy engages greets the old friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old singer that the tiny carpenter inspires encourages the happy poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that the big father approves understands the young mother	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big singer that the small kid understands inspires the miserable man	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The old singer that the tiny man discourages understands the young kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge singer that the small man stimulates remembers the happy girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that the little poet observes encourages the big boy	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad singer that the happy victim discourages avoids the old woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young teacher that the large boy approves stimulates the sad uncle	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large teacher that the young boy engages inspires the little uncle	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big teacher that the sad doctor remembers avoids the small victim	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young teacher that the miserable kid criticizes engages the tiny aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objrel_that_adj	The little teacher that the big poet approves encourages the large doctor	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The little uncle that the miserable aunt stimulates engages the small teacher	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the big doctor discourages engages the sad athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the old farmer approves remembers the tiny doctor	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objrel_that_adj	The small uncle that the young father approves stimulates the sad friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the sad kid avoids greets the tiny poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the small kid discourages avoids the old guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the young lawyer observes admires the small boy	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little uncle that the young man stimulates understands the ecstatic mother	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
objrel_that_adj	The small uncle that the miserable mother admires confuses the little aunt	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that the sad victim understands knows the old friend	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the young boy confuses remembers the joyful friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the large farmer encourages knows the happy poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the young friend engages observes the miserable doctor	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that the sad mother knows confuses the young poet	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that the joyful uncle approves avoids the happy aunt	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large woman that the joyful athlete engages observes the happy victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the big aunt remembers discourages the happy lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The small woman that the tiny doctor encourages approves the large victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that the sad farmer inspires confuses the ecstatic athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the young friend admires avoids the miserable poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy woman that the huge poet engages discourages the large man	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that the young uncle confuses inspires the big athlete	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big woman that the little victim criticizes avoids the old girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that the joyful victim stimulates discourages the miserable boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large athlete that the sad aunt approves greets the happy men	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the joyful boy admires discourages the tiny doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the happy boy knows admires the little aunts	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small athlete that the ecstatic friend stimulates engages the miserable lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that the joyful girl confuses remembers the ecstatic friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the joyful guy engages inspires the ecstatic victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that the large kid approves confuses the young boys	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old athlete that the miserable kid confuses inspires the small doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little athlete that the large poet criticizes encourages the old girls	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small athlete that the little poet engages criticizes the sad carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that the big poet engages observes the little fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that the old teacher admires engages the big uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the joyful woman criticizes approves the miserable singers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small athlete that the happy woman encourages knows the tiny carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that the ecstatic girl criticizes understands the small victims	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
objrel_that_adj	The small aunt that the ecstatic lawyer encourages discourages the sad farmers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that the huge man approves stimulates the large women	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small aunt that the old mother understands admires the big doctors	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small aunt that the tiny uncle stimulates knows the joyful teachers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel_that_adj	The sad boy that the young aunt knows admires the small athletes	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel_that_adj	The sad boy that the miserable carpenter confuses knows the tiny women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the young farmer knows remembers the small lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large boy that the old girl greets inspires the huge friends	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge boy that the happy guy stimulates greets the sad men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that the happy kid avoids observes the huge fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that the tiny mother admires encourages the huge fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the small uncle engages approves the big fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that the young uncle observes avoids the sad women	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that the little boy encourages knows the joyful victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the large guy avoids encourages the tiny athletes	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that the ecstatic man encourages avoids the huge girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the little man engages admires the large girls	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that the joyful man observes confuses the tiny poets	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the tiny man remembers engages the huge teachers	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that the miserable poet knows encourages the big men	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the little singer confuses encourages the miserable aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that the sad singer stimulates discourages the joyful boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that the happy teacher criticizes remembers the tiny fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that the happy teacher discourages observes the old uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that the ecstatic boy encourages observes the big mothers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that the huge farmer encourages greets the ecstatic kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that the young friend encourages engages the ecstatic girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that the huge friend greets observes the tiny kids	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the large guy knows confuses the ecstatic friends	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that the old kid approves admires the large lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big doctor that the tiny man inspires knows the ecstatic friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
objrel_that_adj	The young doctor that the large man knows admires the old teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that the large man knows greets the joyful singers	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the sad mother avoids observes the young kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that the young poet stimulates understands the old athletes	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the happy woman criticizes approves the ecstatic carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the big woman knows encourages the old victims	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the big carpenter stimulates admires the tiny boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old farmer that the huge guy engages greets the miserable singers	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that the sad kid avoids discourages the young singers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large farmer that the old kid knows engages the sad doctors	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old farmer that the tiny kid understands approves the large poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the old man encourages approves the big aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The young farmer that the old man stimulates admires the small carpenters	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that the happy man stimulates criticizes the large carpenters	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The young farmer that the tiny mother knows observes the sad singers	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the big singer engages greets the tiny doctors	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the young singer remembers understands the large women	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the young boy avoids inspires the joyful women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad father that the huge boy inspires criticizes the young athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The young father that the big farmer encourages criticizes the joyful poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad father that the joyful friend understands avoids the young doctors	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old father that the large girl encourages observes the ecstatic boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
objrel_that_adj	The little father that the sad kid greets inspires the large athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The huge father that the miserable kid stimulates approves the happy women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable father that the ecstatic man avoids criticizes the old singers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small father that the ecstatic mother avoids admires the young boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old father that the happy singer inspires understands the tiny teachers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that the sad victim discourages knows the happy mothers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The large father that the big woman discourages admires the happy teachers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The big friend that the large athlete greets remembers the little carpenters	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the happy aunt criticizes inspires the ecstatic singers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that the huge carpenter engages discourages the ecstatic uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the old farmer stimulates inspires the big athletes	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the young guy inspires approves the little athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the ecstatic man avoids discourages the small guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the big poet discourages understands the small carpenters	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the joyful teacher knows approves the tiny kids	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the sad teacher stimulates engages the joyful girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the small athlete observes greets the joyful boys	singular	singular	plural	observe	greet
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the joyful doctor approves inspires the ecstatic aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the small farmer remembers understands the joyful boys	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the joyful guy approves knows the old athletes	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the small kid admires engages the huge friends	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the miserable poet engages stimulates the joyful aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge girl that the small singer understands engages the ecstatic aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the huge teacher observes inspires the happy farmers	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the happy victim understands discourages the old mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the big carpenter greets admires the small mothers	singular	singular	plural	greet	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old guy that the happy father approves confuses the tiny farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little guy that the sad father inspires understands the old lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little guy that the large father observes greets the sad friends	singular	singular	plural	observe	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the sad friend inspires stimulates the tiny singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little guy that the big girl encourages engages the tiny poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge guy that the happy lawyer observes remembers the joyful boys	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that the huge victim avoids discourages the sad women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The small guy that the ecstatic woman knows inspires the miserable friends	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that the tiny athlete stimulates avoids the large poets	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the big aunt criticizes remembers the old friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the sad carpenter criticizes admires the ecstatic mothers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the sad doctor confuses discourages the big athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the little farmer understands discourages the tiny guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The big kid that the old friend confuses encourages the ecstatic guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad kid that the old girl approves inspires the small lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little kid that the small girl encourages approves the huge uncles	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that the sad guy engages criticizes the ecstatic athletes	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small kid that the miserable lawyer inspires remembers the large farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the happy victim approves knows the ecstatic farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
objrel_that_adj	The huge kid that the miserable victim greets inspires the young singers	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the young carpenter greets observes the huge mothers	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that the tiny carpenter observes stimulates the old aunts	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the ecstatic father approves admires the large kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the large father greets observes the young victims	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that the large father observes confuses the young athletes	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that the miserable friend knows understands the huge teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the small guy confuses admires the miserable friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the tiny man encourages admires the little carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the big mother discourages approves the small uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the miserable mother inspires admires the large fathers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that the miserable poet knows inspires the young mothers	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that the huge teacher approves understands the little aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the ecstatic teacher observes approves the happy fathers	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large man that the young athlete confuses observes the huge victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the miserable boy engages knows the old guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the little farmer stimulates knows the small athletes	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
objrel_that_adj	The large man that the miserable kid stimulates understands the tiny teachers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
objrel_that_adj	The old man that the small mother approves remembers the sad aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the tiny teacher engages avoids the happy mothers	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the big uncle observes encourages the joyful guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the joyful victim encourages admires the big guys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The small mother that the huge singer admires knows the joyful lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the joyful singer knows observes the happy friends	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large mother that the tiny victim stimulates encourages the miserable guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that the big aunt criticizes observes the tiny kids	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observe
objrel_that_adj	The young poet that the sad boy encourages avoids the big men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the huge carpenter avoids discourages the small teachers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The big poet that the happy doctor avoids encourages the ecstatic singers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that the sad girl admires observes the small athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that the big girl stimulates greets the happy lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the miserable kid greets knows the sad men	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the small lawyer remembers criticizes the little athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big poet that the young man admires remembers the tiny guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the ecstatic man engages remembers the miserable aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the miserable mother encourages knows the young athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
objrel_that_adj	The young poet that the big uncle admires engages the little women	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
objrel_that_adj	The big poet that the ecstatic victim criticizes stimulates the huge men	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young poet that the large woman encourages inspires the old athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that the large athlete criticizes discourages the huge guys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad singer that the miserable athlete understands criticizes the tiny guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that the big father understands confuses the ecstatic girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that the joyful guy stimulates greets the huge aunts	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that the old kid observes admires the huge victims	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little singer that the small poet knows stimulates the ecstatic kids	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old singer that the sad victim discourages inspires the happy fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big teacher that the huge athlete understands encourages the large doctors	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old teacher that the joyful aunt confuses knows the sad kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the small farmer observes inspires the ecstatic carpenters	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that the small friend criticizes greets the young girls	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that the little guy avoids discourages the young boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that the sad guy knows confuses the little boys	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that the little man avoids greets the happy mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small teacher that the ecstatic poet confuses stimulates the tiny girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little teacher that the joyful victim inspires discourages the old lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that the miserable victim remembers discourages the huge uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The small teacher that the old woman observes confuses the huge poets	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small uncle that the large aunt inspires encourages the little teachers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the tiny boy knows stimulates the huge aunts	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that the large boy remembers criticizes the ecstatic friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that the sad carpenter admires discourages the little lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the ecstatic carpenter remembers encourages the miserable women	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that the big girl encourages criticizes the huge athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that the happy lawyer greets admires the huge victims	singular	singular	plural	greet	admire
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the sad lawyer understands inspires the old girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the small mother observes remembers the happy men	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the miserable victim discourages avoids the happy teachers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that the huge woman discourages encourages the happy athletes	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old uncle that the joyful woman remembers understands the young friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the happy boy remembers knows the huge men	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
objrel_that_adj	The huge victim that the miserable boy understands discourages the large singers	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy victim that the large father avoids discourages the miserable doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The happy victim that the big father engages understands the old carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that the joyful guy stimulates avoids the large lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large victim that the old uncle discourages remembers the happy men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the joyful uncle engages admires the large poets	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that the sad uncle remembers encourages the small friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small woman that the happy carpenter greets criticizes the ecstatic poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the ecstatic lawyer stimulates discourages the tiny aunts	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The big woman that the young man discourages encourages the miserable friends	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large woman that the huge man remembers encourages the ecstatic poets	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the huge man remembers greets the miserable friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that the old mother approves observes the miserable athletes	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the joyful poet discourages approves the small boys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that the little poet discourages greets the big athletes	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad woman that the tiny poet inspires discourages the small boys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that the sad singer confuses stimulates the big carpenters	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large athlete that the happy friends discourage knows the young guy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that the large girls know criticizes the small kid	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The big athlete that the miserable girls know engages the large carpenter	singular	plural	singular	knows	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that the small poets avoid greets the ecstatic boy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old athlete that the ecstatic teachers approve confuses the tiny woman	singular	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that the huge teachers understand discourages the sad kid	singular	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young aunt that the small doctors greet understands the little uncle	singular	plural	singular	greets	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young aunt that the large guys confuse inspires the happy man	singular	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little aunt that the sad kids stimulate confuses the huge carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that the joyful singers admire remembers the small friend	singular	plural	singular	admires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that the happy singers avoid encourages the tiny kid	singular	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that the little uncles greet knows the small woman	singular	plural	singular	greets	know
objrel_that_adj	The big aunt that the little women discourage greets the joyful guy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old boy that the tiny athletes encourage discourages the little teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The sad boy that the big aunts discourage knows the old girl	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The sad boy that the small kids criticize discourages the big woman	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little boy that the joyful men encourage remembers the sad athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the big poets remember knows the tiny aunt	singular	plural	singular	remembers	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the happy singers know stimulates the tiny mother	singular	plural	singular	knows	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The happy boy that the old teachers inspire avoids the tiny uncle	singular	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy boy that the miserable victims understand discourages the little guy	singular	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young boy that the miserable women understand avoids the small athlete	singular	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that the little doctors know understands the young boy	singular	plural	singular	knows	understand
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that the large friends admire discourages the little singer	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that the small friends encourage engages the large victim	singular	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that the sad guys confuse encourages the ecstatic lawyer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that the young guys engage confuses the sad farmer	singular	plural	singular	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that the tiny mothers criticize admires the happy guy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that the small singers criticize approves the sad uncle	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that the large teachers criticize approves the tiny girl	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the miserable boys avoid remembers the old teacher	singular	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the old boys understand greets the little farmer	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the ecstatic carpenters observe avoids the sad man	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the miserable farmers inspire criticizes the old man	singular	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The little doctor that the large poets confuse engages the small kid	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the young uncles remember encourages the old kid	singular	plural	singular	remembers	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that the sad women confuse engages the big lawyer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that the miserable athletes admire approves the ecstatic lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that the miserable athletes greet avoids the joyful boy	singular	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big farmer that the young aunts remember engages the small father	singular	plural	singular	remembers	engage
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the happy boys admire greets the sad kid	singular	plural	singular	admires	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large farmer that the young friends admire avoids the huge doctor	singular	plural	singular	admires	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The little farmer that the huge friends understand engages the happy teacher	singular	plural	singular	understands	engage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that the large guys engage admires the happy lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the joyful guys remember inspires the small father	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that the sad men admire confuses the small singer	singular	plural	singular	admires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that the large men confuse stimulates the old carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the happy mothers stimulate approves the joyful uncle	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that the little uncles encourage avoids the huge victim	singular	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small farmer that the miserable uncles remember knows the tiny man	singular	plural	singular	remembers	know
objrel_that_adj	The big father that the young boys understand encourages the large victim	singular	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The big father that the happy friends encourage knows the sad man	singular	plural	singular	encourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the young guys approve greets the sad man	singular	plural	singular	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The tiny father that the large lawyers confuse stimulates the small friend	singular	plural	singular	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large father that the sad lawyers encourage approves the huge aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that the huge mothers know remembers the sad friend	singular	plural	singular	knows	remember
objrel_that_adj	The happy father that the sad mothers understand encourages the joyful teacher	singular	plural	singular	understands	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge father that the tiny poets criticize discourages the small woman	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge father that the happy poets remember knows the large carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remembers	know
objrel_that_adj	The old father that the large teachers admire discourages the joyful lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny father that the large uncles engage knows the happy friend	singular	plural	singular	engages	know
objrel_that_adj	The young father that the tiny women engage knows the small carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engages	know
objrel_that_adj	The big friend that the old athletes encourage inspires the young victim	singular	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little friend that the huge boys greet encourages the large victim	singular	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the ecstatic carpenters stimulate greets the old girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy friend that the huge doctors understand observes the joyful girl	singular	plural	singular	understands	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the large kids avoid observes the young uncle	singular	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the big mothers engage remembers the large victim	singular	plural	singular	engages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that the happy teachers inspire stimulates the joyful doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the happy victims discourage confuses the tiny singer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the little victims remember admires the big man	singular	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the old athletes approve knows the miserable uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the young aunts remember observes the tiny friend	singular	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge girl that the young boys avoid confuses the large woman	singular	plural	singular	avoids	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the small carpenters discourage knows the joyful boy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the young doctors discourage stimulates the old boy	singular	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the small farmers observe discourages the sad teacher	singular	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the huge fathers avoid stimulates the joyful teacher	singular	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the happy fathers criticize inspires the old doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the happy friends discourage avoids the big teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the tiny guys approve understands the sad victim	singular	plural	singular	approves	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that the huge kids remember confuses the sad carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small girl that the tiny lawyers avoid greets the sad woman	singular	plural	singular	avoids	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old girl that the ecstatic mothers stimulate encourages the huge father	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young girl that the happy poets discourage knows the huge uncle	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The small girl that the miserable singers criticize encourages the old doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The little girl that the large teachers confuse encourages the young doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuses	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The small girl that the little uncles criticize observes the old woman	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel_that_adj	The huge guy that the large athletes remember knows the big teacher	singular	plural	singular	remembers	know
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the small aunts encourage understands the sad man	singular	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the sad kids engage avoids the old girl	singular	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the big lawyers know criticizes the tiny doctor	singular	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the joyful mothers inspire avoids the small man	singular	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old guy that the joyful poets observe admires the miserable carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observes	admire
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the large singers avoid criticizes the miserable friend	singular	plural	singular	avoids	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that the old teachers confuse criticizes the miserable singer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The small guy that the huge teachers inspire observes the little victim	singular	plural	singular	inspires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small guy that the large uncles engage observes the big athlete	singular	plural	singular	engages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large guy that the tiny uncles engage remembers the big aunt	singular	plural	singular	engages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The sad guy that the joyful uncles greet understands the ecstatic girl	singular	plural	singular	greets	understand
objrel_that_adj	The little guy that the happy uncles observe avoids the sad aunt	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The huge guy that the old uncles observe confuses the tiny mother	singular	plural	singular	observes	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large kid that the big aunts criticize observes the little victim	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel_that_adj	The young kid that the big carpenters confuse greets the small poet	singular	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the huge carpenters criticize understands the big farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the big doctors confuse discourages the large father	singular	plural	singular	confuses	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that the ecstatic friends greet stimulates the young doctor	singular	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The old kid that the large friends understand remembers the small woman	singular	plural	singular	understands	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that the small lawyers greet approves the young singer	singular	plural	singular	greets	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big kid that the ecstatic men encourage approves the miserable girl	singular	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that the old poets encourage confuses the happy man	singular	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The huge kid that the large uncles greet stimulates the tiny victim	singular	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the big victims discourage observes the happy farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large kid that the tiny victims stimulate engages the old boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objrel_that_adj	The happy kid that the little women greet engages the huge farmer	singular	plural	singular	greets	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the old doctors criticize observes the huge kid	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that the big doctors encourage stimulates the young girl	singular	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that the happy mothers stimulate understands the joyful boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that the little poets remember confuses the old farmer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the huge singers confuse remembers the joyful friend	singular	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that the large victims approve engages the little girl	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the sad victims remember inspires the small poet	singular	plural	singular	remembers	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small man that the miserable athletes discourage knows the huge carpenter	singular	plural	singular	discourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the big athletes know admires the large girl	singular	plural	singular	knows	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny man that the happy friends approve greets the ecstatic boy	singular	plural	singular	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The happy man that the ecstatic friends encourage admires the miserable farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the tiny friends encourage inspires the small farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the sad friends know encourages the miserable mother	singular	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large man that the sad guys admire criticizes the ecstatic kid	singular	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the little guys criticize encourages the miserable father	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the old lawyers observe avoids the happy girl	singular	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small man that the sad poets encourage confuses the joyful teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The joyful man that the huge poets encourage remembers the miserable uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the little women inspire avoids the young poet	singular	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The sad mother that the miserable athletes discourage encourages the small man	singular	plural	singular	discourages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that the joyful athletes greet inspires the happy girl	singular	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy mother that the huge athletes inspire understands the old guy	singular	plural	singular	inspires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the happy athletes know greets the miserable uncle	singular	plural	singular	knows	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young mother that the small aunts admire remembers the huge farmer	singular	plural	singular	admires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the ecstatic aunts know engages the happy farmer	singular	plural	singular	knows	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the joyful aunts understand greets the tiny uncle	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small mother that the young farmers approve encourages the tiny doctor	singular	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that the ecstatic guys criticize observes the little poet	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad mother that the small guys discourage confuses the little farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old mother that the small guys greet criticizes the tiny lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the joyful kids engage avoids the tiny guy	singular	plural	singular	engages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that the tiny men observe remembers the miserable athlete	singular	plural	singular	observes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the tiny athletes understand approves the ecstatic man	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the joyful farmers stimulate greets the sad guy	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the old fathers remember avoids the tiny lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that the big girls criticize remembers the huge farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that the happy kids encourage inspires the young lawyer	singular	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the huge men inspire stimulates the tiny mother	singular	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the miserable mothers approve remembers the old carpenter	singular	plural	singular	approves	remember
objrel_that_adj	The old poet that the little mothers engage stimulates the sad girl	singular	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young poet that the sad singers understand remembers the large friend	singular	plural	singular	understands	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the ecstatic victims understand approves the big man	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel_that_adj	The sad singer that the miserable athletes discourage inspires the large girl	singular	plural	singular	discourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy singer that the tiny athletes know avoids the small doctor	singular	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The small singer that the miserable aunts confuse criticizes the joyful lawyer	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The sad singer that the old friends admire inspires the big doctor	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small singer that the ecstatic girls criticize encourages the large mother	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge singer that the tiny poets engage admires the big victim	singular	plural	singular	engages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that the miserable teachers approve engages the huge poet	singular	plural	singular	approves	engage
objrel_that_adj	The big singer that the huge teachers avoid observes the ecstatic guy	singular	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that the happy aunts avoid understands the small lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that the young aunts criticize observes the big athlete	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small teacher that the large aunts know admires the old mother	singular	plural	singular	knows	admire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that the happy boys observe inspires the miserable aunt	singular	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small teacher that the ecstatic doctors stimulate greets the sad singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	greet
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that the large farmers know discourages the miserable guy	singular	plural	singular	knows	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the miserable friends admire greets the old father	singular	plural	singular	admires	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little teacher that the miserable girls avoid engages the ecstatic carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large teacher that the little girls criticize encourages the ecstatic carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that the young guys remember understands the miserable man	singular	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that the little guys remember understands the joyful singer	singular	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young teacher that the sad men avoid approves the huge singer	singular	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little teacher that the miserable mothers approve remembers the small doctor	singular	plural	singular	approves	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that the large boys avoid knows the miserable victim	singular	plural	singular	avoids	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the young friends admire observes the little lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the sad guys understand approves the tiny boy	singular	plural	singular	understands	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large uncle that the tiny kids understand greets the small mother	singular	plural	singular	understands	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that the large victims admire inspires the joyful poet	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The old uncle that the huge women confuse criticizes the large guy	singular	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large victim that the tiny doctors admire engages the huge farmer	singular	plural	singular	admires	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old victim that the huge farmers engage criticizes the large carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that the old friends admire inspires the happy man	singular	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big victim that the sad guys inspire greets the happy girl	singular	plural	singular	inspires	greet
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that the large lawyers criticize knows the young guy	singular	plural	singular	criticizes	know
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the large lawyers inspire approves the joyful aunt	singular	plural	singular	inspires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that the miserable men avoid observes the young girl	singular	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the little men confuse knows the big mother	singular	plural	singular	confuses	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that the sad mothers approve admires the happy father	singular	plural	singular	approves	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the miserable mothers approve encourages the huge uncle	singular	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that the happy mothers encourage discourages the sad boy	singular	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little victim that the small singers inspire greets the sad teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspires	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that the little women stimulate approves the joyful singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the little guys confuse avoids the miserable kid	singular	plural	singular	confuses	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The old woman that the big mothers know greets the little doctor	singular	plural	singular	knows	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that the huge poets greet remembers the old uncle	singular	plural	singular	greets	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that the old aunts discourage approves the tiny carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big athlete that the happy fathers remember discourages the sad teachers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old athlete that the huge girls know remembers the sad poets	singular	plural	plural	knows	remember
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that the sad guys avoid encourages the tiny women	singular	plural	plural	avoids	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large athlete that the sad kids admire encourages the old carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admires	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that the young lawyers engage confuses the miserable teachers	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old athlete that the big lawyers know observes the miserable friends	singular	plural	plural	knows	observe
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that the big poets confuse stimulates the large doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small athlete that the miserable teachers understand criticizes the huge girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that the huge uncles admire inspires the big mothers	singular	plural	plural	admires	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large athlete that the joyful uncles discourage knows the huge friends	singular	plural	plural	discourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that the happy uncles understand discourages the big farmers	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that the little athletes avoid stimulates the small girls	singular	plural	plural	avoids	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that the happy boys discourage approves the old lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big aunt that the large doctors admire remembers the miserable lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that the ecstatic doctors avoid approves the tiny fathers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that the sad fathers avoid knows the happy poets	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that the young fathers stimulate observes the little guys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small aunt that the tiny guys admire approves the sad carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The large aunt that the miserable kids remember understands the ecstatic carpenters	singular	plural	plural	remembers	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that the huge mothers admire engages the joyful victims	singular	plural	plural	admires	engage
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that the young mothers engage greets the large athletes	singular	plural	plural	engages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young aunt that the miserable singers stimulate encourages the tiny victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge boy that the tiny athletes observe approves the happy doctors	singular	plural	plural	observes	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge boy that the miserable aunts inspire remembers the joyful athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspires	remember
objrel_that_adj	The big boy that the tiny farmers criticize understands the ecstatic mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that the ecstatic guys greet confuses the sad lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greets	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big boy that the sad guys know stimulates the huge lawyers	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge boy that the sad kids admire encourages the little women	singular	plural	plural	admires	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge boy that the old kids engage stimulates the joyful mothers	singular	plural	plural	engages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that the joyful kids understand knows the ecstatic girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel_that_adj	The happy boy that the tiny men avoid approves the little singers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	approve
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the large men know remembers the joyful doctors	singular	plural	plural	knows	remember
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that the young mothers criticize inspires the ecstatic teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big boy that the tiny mothers understand discourages the large guys	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that the little singers discourage inspires the sad carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that the large victims confuse observes the miserable singers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	observe
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that the large aunts approve encourages the huge fathers	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that the happy aunts know encourages the small men	singular	plural	plural	knows	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the big farmers know discourages the happy teachers	singular	plural	plural	knows	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that the joyful farmers stimulate observes the old doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that the large fathers understand encourages the huge doctors	singular	plural	plural	understands	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that the huge guys admire knows the young teachers	singular	plural	plural	admires	know
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the ecstatic men confuse discourages the tiny kids	singular	plural	plural	confuses	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that the tiny men stimulate knows the joyful boys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that the happy singers engage knows the small victims	singular	plural	plural	engages	know
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the huge singers greet discourages the joyful fathers	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that the tiny singers remember encourages the little farmers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that the joyful singers understand admires the tiny farmers	singular	plural	plural	understands	admire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that the young uncles avoid greets the large girls	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that the old uncles greet understands the ecstatic mothers	singular	plural	plural	greets	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that the sad women greet inspires the miserable uncles	singular	plural	plural	greets	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The old doctor that the tiny boys criticize remembers the huge poets	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large doctor that the little fathers know inspires the joyful kids	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the tiny guys know avoids the little uncles	singular	plural	plural	knows	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the miserable men inspire approves the sad athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that the joyful mothers engage understands the sad farmers	singular	plural	plural	engages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that the large uncles observe confuses the tiny men	singular	plural	plural	observes	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small doctor that the joyful women discourage greets the ecstatic mothers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The old farmer that the sad athletes inspire confuses the young singers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that the big carpenters inspire approves the joyful lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The young farmer that the joyful doctors admire stimulates the large athletes	singular	plural	plural	admires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young farmer that the big friends confuse stimulates the joyful aunts	singular	plural	plural	confuses	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that the joyful friends encourage approves the huge athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that the large guys criticize stimulates the ecstatic doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young farmer that the huge lawyers confuse criticizes the miserable victims	singular	plural	plural	confuses	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The large farmer that the small mothers encourage approves the little aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that the little mothers greet discourages the sad girls	singular	plural	plural	greets	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The big farmer that the large teachers know discourages the happy boys	singular	plural	plural	knows	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful father that the large girls engage admires the happy singers	singular	plural	plural	engages	admire
objrel_that_adj	The huge father that the small kids inspire engages the sad boys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	engage
objrel_that_adj	The old father that the ecstatic men know observes the miserable doctors	singular	plural	plural	knows	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large father that the sad poets know discourages the little farmers	singular	plural	plural	knows	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The old father that the big uncles engage criticizes the tiny women	singular	plural	plural	engages	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The little friend that the happy aunts approve greets the small fathers	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The small friend that the huge boys observe understands the little women	singular	plural	plural	observes	understand
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the old carpenters avoid knows the ecstatic fathers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that the young carpenters discourage understands the huge men	singular	plural	plural	discourages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that the little carpenters engage understands the old men	singular	plural	plural	engages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad friend that the happy carpenters remember knows the old poets	singular	plural	plural	remembers	know
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the big farmers greet remembers the sad kids	singular	plural	plural	greets	remember
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that the tiny guys avoid greets the happy farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that the ecstatic kids observe knows the small women	singular	plural	plural	observes	know
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the ecstatic kids observe remembers the little mothers	singular	plural	plural	observes	remember
objrel_that_adj	The large friend that the big lawyers confuse inspires the small uncles	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The little friend that the tiny teachers know remembers the young kids	singular	plural	plural	knows	remember
objrel_that_adj	The young friend that the joyful victims discourage knows the happy girls	singular	plural	plural	discourages	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that the tiny women inspire stimulates the sad boys	singular	plural	plural	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The little friend that the ecstatic women stimulate understands the young kids	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the huge athletes discourage approves the young carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the huge fathers avoid knows the big mothers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	know
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the little fathers know inspires the huge singers	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The happy girl that the big friends remember admires the ecstatic carpenters	singular	plural	plural	remembers	admire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the big guys inspire understands the happy poets	singular	plural	plural	inspires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad girl that the miserable lawyers remember confuses the large athletes	singular	plural	plural	remembers	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The small girl that the old men stimulate observes the tiny boys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	observe
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the sad mothers stimulate knows the ecstatic guys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that the miserable teachers confuse discourages the young singers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that the joyful victims admire approves the old carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admires	approve
objrel_that_adj	The big girl that the happy victims engage avoids the young friends	singular	plural	plural	engages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the tiny athletes avoid approves the old victims	singular	plural	plural	avoids	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that the ecstatic aunts greet approves the little fathers	singular	plural	plural	greets	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little guy that the joyful aunts greet confuses the huge lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greets	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The young guy that the tiny boys encourage approves the small women	singular	plural	plural	encourages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little guy that the young boys engage encourages the sad friends	singular	plural	plural	engages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The little guy that the huge girls engage approves the small farmers	singular	plural	plural	engages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy guy that the ecstatic singers admire understands the little teachers	singular	plural	plural	admires	understand
objrel_that_adj	The big guy that the happy victims criticize engages the young aunts	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that the happy victims discourage greets the sad women	singular	plural	plural	discourages	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large kid that the young aunts criticize inspires the happy farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The young kid that the old carpenters confuse approves the ecstatic friends	singular	plural	plural	confuses	approve
objrel_that_adj	The little kid that the tiny fathers remember avoids the old girls	singular	plural	plural	remembers	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that the huge friends criticize stimulates the joyful carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that the happy friends inspire admires the joyful fathers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	admire
objrel_that_adj	The huge kid that the ecstatic guys encourage engages the little uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The big kid that the ecstatic guys know avoids the happy friends	singular	plural	plural	knows	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the miserable lawyers confuse inspires the large doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big kid that the huge singers discourage engages the miserable fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	engage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that the miserable uncles stimulate understands the large girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	understand
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that the tiny victims engage observes the old carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the old athletes discourage inspires the joyful singers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the little boys criticize observes the tiny mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	observe
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that the huge kids understand observes the tiny teachers	singular	plural	plural	understands	observe
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that the big men discourage encourages the tiny singers	singular	plural	plural	discourages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that the miserable men engage confuses the sad poets	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that the sad mothers approve knows the joyful fathers	singular	plural	plural	approves	know
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that the old singers avoid discourages the joyful aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that the little singers stimulate admires the big women	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	admire
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that the huge teachers understand inspires the happy girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that the joyful uncles greet criticizes the ecstatic teachers	singular	plural	plural	greets	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that the happy women admire inspires the little mothers	singular	plural	plural	admires	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that the happy women avoid discourages the huge poets	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the happy athletes avoid inspires the huge singers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The small man that the old boys criticize confuses the huge farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large man that the old doctors know inspires the huge women	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that the joyful farmers approve encourages the happy kids	singular	plural	plural	approves	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The young man that the miserable farmers encourage remembers the sad mothers	singular	plural	plural	encourages	remember
objrel_that_adj	The miserable man that the small friends avoid confuses the sad victims	singular	plural	plural	avoids	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The large man that the young girls understand knows the ecstatic friends	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel_that_adj	The small man that the large kids confuse greets the miserable singers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	greet
objrel_that_adj	The huge man that the old women discourage understands the big kids	singular	plural	plural	discourages	understand
objrel_that_adj	The young mother that the little carpenters engage approves the big friends	singular	plural	plural	engages	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the ecstatic doctors remember approves the happy fathers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	approve
objrel_that_adj	The huge mother that the large farmers discourage avoids the tiny boys	singular	plural	plural	discourages	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that the large farmers observe encourages the joyful athletes	singular	plural	plural	observes	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The old mother that the large friends remember engages the sad aunts	singular	plural	plural	remembers	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that the large uncles approve confuses the ecstatic poets	singular	plural	plural	approves	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The big mother that the tiny uncles remember engages the large lawyers	singular	plural	plural	remembers	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young mother that the huge women inspire confuses the tiny poets	singular	plural	plural	inspires	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the small athletes understand discourages the miserable girls	singular	plural	plural	understands	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the large fathers admire engages the tiny singers	singular	plural	plural	admires	engage
objrel_that_adj	The large poet that the young girls confuse inspires the ecstatic farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuses	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that the sad girls engage confuses the huge carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engages	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the young girls stimulate discourages the miserable women	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The huge poet that the sad guys remember stimulates the miserable uncles	singular	plural	plural	remembers	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The small poet that the ecstatic kids understand knows the joyful teachers	singular	plural	plural	understands	know
objrel_that_adj	The small poet that the old lawyers discourage encourages the big friends	singular	plural	plural	discourages	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that the small men discourage stimulates the ecstatic victims	singular	plural	plural	discourages	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that the little singers inspire observes the tiny mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	observe
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that the young singers stimulate confuses the ecstatic women	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The little poet that the huge women approve understands the large carpenters	singular	plural	plural	approves	understand
objrel_that_adj	The happy poet that the miserable women avoid understands the old doctors	singular	plural	plural	avoids	understand
objrel_that_adj	The sad poet that the miserable women criticize stimulates the large lawyers	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The young poet that the tiny women inspire knows the big men	singular	plural	plural	inspires	know
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that the tiny doctors know inspires the joyful carpenters	singular	plural	plural	knows	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that the big farmers stimulate inspires the little boys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that the joyful guys approve engages the small athletes	singular	plural	plural	approves	engage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that the little guys observe avoids the tiny fathers	singular	plural	plural	observes	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The large singer that the happy poets avoid inspires the young lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The sad singer that the small teachers understand confuses the happy doctors	singular	plural	plural	understands	confuse
objrel_that_adj	The old singer that the young women admire avoids the happy farmers	singular	plural	plural	admires	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that the joyful athletes admire encourages the small lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admires	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that the joyful athletes inspire stimulates the small singers	singular	plural	plural	inspires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The large teacher that the happy boys know stimulates the sad poets	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that the happy lawyers greet approves the big women	singular	plural	plural	greets	approve
objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that the miserable men know stimulates the tiny victims	singular	plural	plural	knows	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that the huge uncles admire discourages the ecstatic mothers	singular	plural	plural	admires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that the huge victims stimulate encourages the tiny uncles	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	encourage
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that the joyful athletes understand avoids the big doctors	singular	plural	plural	understands	avoid
objrel_that_adj	The big uncle that the young athletes understand engages the joyful lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understands	engage
objrel_that_adj	The young uncle that the small boys inspire greets the little poets	singular	plural	plural	inspires	greet
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that the miserable doctors inspire criticizes the happy girls	singular	plural	plural	inspires	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that the young kids criticize greets the old doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	greet
objrel_that_adj	The sad victim that the tiny boys avoid criticizes the old farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoids	criticize
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that the miserable farmers engage inspires the sad aunts	singular	plural	plural	engages	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The big victim that the huge fathers stimulate admires the ecstatic guys	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	admire
objrel_that_adj	The old victim that the little mothers encourage observes the large guys	singular	plural	plural	encourages	observe
objrel_that_adj	The big woman that the tiny athletes understand greets the happy farmers	singular	plural	plural	understands	greet
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that the miserable boys stimulate greets the young doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulates	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large woman that the sad carpenters avoid greets the happy girls	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_that_adj	The big woman that the joyful friends understand approves the huge teachers	singular	plural	plural	understands	approve
objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that the old girls avoid engages the large uncles	singular	plural	plural	avoids	engage
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the large guys criticize inspires the little victims	singular	plural	plural	criticizes	inspire
objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that the small lawyers admire stimulates the old teachers	singular	plural	plural	admires	stimulate
objrel_that_adj	The huge woman that the ecstatic lawyers approve greets the large carpenters	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that the young men approve greets the old guys	singular	plural	plural	approves	greet
objrel_that_adj	The large woman that the joyful mothers avoid greets the happy kids	singular	plural	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_that_adj	The little woman that the young teachers inspire discourages the happy doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspires	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that the happy victims avoid discourages the sad men	singular	plural	plural	avoids	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The young woman that the sad victims observe discourages the miserable aunts	singular	plural	plural	observes	discourage
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the little boy engages admire the joyful lawyer	plural	singular	singular	engage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big athletes that the old doctor avoids encourage the ecstatic carpenter	plural	singular	singular	avoid	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The old athletes that the huge doctor observes understand the large friend	plural	singular	singular	observe	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the sad girl confuses admire the young lawyer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old athletes that the miserable girl encourages inspire the sad carpenter	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that the huge man approves stimulate the small mother	plural	singular	singular	approve	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that the joyful man encourages criticize the sad carpenter	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that the sad man engages greet the little friend	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the old mother avoids approve the little friend	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big athletes that the little mother understands remember the small farmer	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young athletes that the little poet discourages approve the joyful mother	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The large athletes that the tiny uncle understands remember the big teacher	plural	singular	singular	understand	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the young boy avoids discourage the happy victim	plural	singular	singular	avoid	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the large girl avoids confuse the old mother	plural	singular	singular	avoid	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that the young girl discourages observe the large woman	plural	singular	singular	discourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the big lawyer confuses admire the huge father	plural	singular	singular	confuse	admires
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the happy mother confuses understand the young lawyer	plural	singular	singular	confuse	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the big poet inspires engage the large victim	plural	singular	singular	inspire	engages
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the little teacher greets confuse the happy woman	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the ecstatic woman admires confuse the large mother	plural	singular	singular	admire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the little woman admires criticize the happy farmer	plural	singular	singular	admire	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small boys that the sad aunt confuses avoid the joyful friend	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old boys that the tiny aunt encourages know the little poet	plural	singular	singular	encourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little boys that the small aunt encourages stimulate the sad poet	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that the miserable doctor inspires discourage the small victim	plural	singular	singular	inspire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little boys that the miserable farmer understands know the sad aunt	plural	singular	singular	understand	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little boys that the big friend admires discourage the sad woman	plural	singular	singular	admire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small boys that the old girl knows understand the huge woman	plural	singular	singular	know	understands
objrel_that_adj	The young boys that the little kid discourages observe the tiny guy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the little kid observes encourage the small carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the little woman inspires admire the big uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspire	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the big athlete admires remember the young farmer	plural	singular	singular	admire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that the little father approves admire the large farmer	plural	singular	singular	approve	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that the large father encourages greet the ecstatic mother	plural	singular	singular	encourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that the small father observes criticize the little guy	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that the huge guy stimulates discourage the happy boy	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that the huge man discourages admire the sad farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the big uncle approves understand the huge friend	plural	singular	singular	approve	understands
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that the little athlete admires greet the tiny man	plural	singular	singular	admire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little doctors that the large carpenter observes avoid the joyful aunt	plural	singular	singular	observe	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the sad father discourages encourage the ecstatic guy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that the happy friend remembers engage the huge uncle	plural	singular	singular	remember	engages
objrel_that_adj	The small doctors that the ecstatic guy encourages know the big woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large doctors that the old singer inspires admire the miserable kid	plural	singular	singular	inspire	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that the ecstatic uncle encourages admire the young woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that the young uncle encourages stimulate the huge teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that the little woman confuses avoid the large man	plural	singular	singular	confuse	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small farmers that the miserable boy inspires observe the tiny victim	plural	singular	singular	inspire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old farmers that the happy doctor inspires discourage the small friend	plural	singular	singular	inspire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young farmers that the joyful doctor remembers understand the miserable father	plural	singular	singular	remember	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the large guy observes remember the young athlete	plural	singular	singular	observe	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large farmers that the tiny lawyer engages greet the sad kid	plural	singular	singular	engage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that the young man observes greet the happy singer	plural	singular	singular	observe	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the large mother approves criticize the big carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approve	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little farmers that the big poet engages admire the huge victim	plural	singular	singular	engage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that the old singer avoids criticize the miserable teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old farmers that the big teacher understands discourage the miserable doctor	plural	singular	singular	understand	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the miserable victim admires understand the large poet	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The young farmers that the huge victim knows inspire the happy athlete	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that the huge woman discourages confuse the happy father	plural	singular	singular	discourage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small farmers that the miserable woman greets confuse the ecstatic victim	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that the ecstatic woman inspires remember the sad teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that the huge boy greets remember the miserable athlete	plural	singular	singular	greet	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old fathers that the ecstatic carpenter confuses inspire the miserable boy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little fathers that the small farmer encourages criticize the tiny uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that the old girl avoids discourage the big guy	plural	singular	singular	avoid	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the large poet avoids encourage the little man	plural	singular	singular	avoid	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The small fathers that the tiny uncle engages inspire the ecstatic victim	plural	singular	singular	engage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little fathers that the sad uncle observes approve the large doctor	plural	singular	singular	observe	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that the large woman remembers observe the ecstatic victim	plural	singular	singular	remember	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that the joyful athlete discourages inspire the miserable uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that the happy boy avoids approve the joyful athlete	plural	singular	singular	avoid	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that the large farmer greets encourage the small teacher	plural	singular	singular	greet	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young friends that the tiny farmer stimulates admire the small father	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	admires
objrel_that_adj	The young friends that the miserable father inspires know the tiny man	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the happy father observes engage the tiny victim	plural	singular	singular	observe	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge friends that the young guy criticizes avoid the sad woman	plural	singular	singular	criticize	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the happy guy greets understand the large aunt	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the big lawyer confuses understand the little boy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the ecstatic lawyer remembers criticize the little poet	plural	singular	singular	remember	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little friends that the miserable lawyer understands admire the big poet	plural	singular	singular	understand	admires
objrel_that_adj	The young friends that the small man avoids engage the miserable kid	plural	singular	singular	avoid	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the ecstatic man greets understand the tiny uncle	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that the huge man knows observe the little singer	plural	singular	singular	know	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the ecstatic poet approves engage the large guy	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that the sad poet observes encourage the huge teacher	plural	singular	singular	observe	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the tiny teacher confuses criticize the little father	plural	singular	singular	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the small teacher encourages engage the old singer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the large teacher greets inspire the miserable aunt	plural	singular	singular	greet	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the happy teacher observes know the big athlete	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the miserable victim discourages understand the joyful kid	plural	singular	singular	discourage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the joyful victim understands criticize the young kid	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little friends that the miserable woman understands engage the sad mother	plural	singular	singular	understand	engages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that the big aunt admires stimulate the large friend	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the ecstatic aunt approves inspire the happy victim	plural	singular	singular	approve	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that the huge aunt engages criticize the sad poet	plural	singular	singular	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the happy aunt observes criticize the big kid	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the sad lawyer remembers discourage the little mother	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that the young mother avoids understand the miserable teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoid	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that the miserable poet observes know the big aunt	plural	singular	singular	observe	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge girls that the small uncle understands approve the happy aunt	plural	singular	singular	understand	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small guys that the big father inspires criticize the old girl	plural	singular	singular	inspire	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that the huge lawyer knows understand the joyful doctor	plural	singular	singular	know	understands
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the tiny man approves engage the old singer	plural	singular	singular	approve	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the young man stimulates avoid the little woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the big mother understands engage the huge poet	plural	singular	singular	understand	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the joyful poet inspires encourage the ecstatic woman	plural	singular	singular	inspire	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that the large teacher greets confuse the little mother	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the sad teacher knows greet the big farmer	plural	singular	singular	know	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the huge victim admires approve the little doctor	plural	singular	singular	admire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that the big victim knows discourage the small lawyer	plural	singular	singular	know	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the tiny aunt knows inspire the ecstatic boy	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the sad doctor encourages avoid the little guy	plural	singular	singular	encourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the sad father inspires approve the large singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the big guy criticizes engage the little father	plural	singular	singular	criticize	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large kids that the miserable man criticizes understand the sad uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticize	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large kids that the tiny poet discourages criticize the huge mother	plural	singular	singular	discourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the tiny teacher discourages confuse the ecstatic woman	plural	singular	singular	discourage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the large athlete confuses engage the huge boy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that the big aunt criticizes remember the happy woman	plural	singular	singular	criticize	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that the sad boy discourages observe the happy kid	plural	singular	singular	discourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that the large carpenter stimulates observe the happy teacher	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that the old doctor greets encourage the young teacher	plural	singular	singular	greet	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that the happy friend avoids remember the sad man	plural	singular	singular	avoid	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that the joyful friend greets understand the happy guy	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that the sad girl discourages approve the miserable uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that the small guy approves remember the little boy	plural	singular	singular	approve	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that the miserable guy engages criticize the large father	plural	singular	singular	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that the huge mother engages know the joyful girl	plural	singular	singular	engage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that the old singer avoids stimulate the large woman	plural	singular	singular	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that the big woman criticizes remember the tiny kid	plural	singular	singular	criticize	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that the joyful woman stimulates remember the big mother	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the huge boy approves admire the young woman	plural	singular	singular	approve	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge men that the miserable carpenter admires understand the big victim	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny men that the large father encourages avoid the ecstatic mother	plural	singular	singular	encourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad men that the small guy confuses understand the little aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuse	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful men that the big poet discourages criticize the sad teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big men that the small poet greets observe the ecstatic singer	plural	singular	singular	greet	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the ecstatic woman approves observe the happy athlete	plural	singular	singular	approve	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that the young aunt confuses remember the tiny guy	plural	singular	singular	confuse	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the ecstatic boy admires encourage the tiny athlete	plural	singular	singular	admire	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the sad kid criticizes admire the large lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that the joyful kid criticizes observe the huge singer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that the sad man discourages know the huge athlete	plural	singular	singular	discourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the little man remembers discourage the small poet	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the little athlete confuses discourage the sad mother	plural	singular	singular	confuse	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old poets that the ecstatic boy encourages remember the small woman	plural	singular	singular	encourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that the little boy knows confuse the young athlete	plural	singular	singular	know	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big poets that the miserable carpenter criticizes engage the little father	plural	singular	singular	criticize	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little poets that the young doctor engages observe the sad woman	plural	singular	singular	engage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the miserable girl knows admire the old doctor	plural	singular	singular	know	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big poets that the ecstatic man confuses greet the happy doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuse	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad singers that the small athlete approves inspire the ecstatic kid	plural	singular	singular	approve	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little singers that the big aunt encourages inspire the tiny man	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old singers that the large boy admires approve the small doctor	plural	singular	singular	admire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the huge carpenter knows admire the ecstatic father	plural	singular	singular	know	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that the old doctor approves criticize the huge woman	plural	singular	singular	approve	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little singers that the small father criticizes greet the sad kid	plural	singular	singular	criticize	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge singers that the young guy admires understand the happy doctor	plural	singular	singular	admire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the big lawyer knows inspire the happy woman	plural	singular	singular	know	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old singers that the happy man discourages observe the big mother	plural	singular	singular	discourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small singers that the young mother confuses know the large uncle	plural	singular	singular	confuse	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge singers that the young mother knows admire the miserable girl	plural	singular	singular	know	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big singers that the happy mother understands know the young aunt	plural	singular	singular	understand	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the small poet remembers stimulate the large girl	plural	singular	singular	remember	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young singers that the old teacher greets understand the little boy	plural	singular	singular	greet	understands
objrel_that_adj	The small singers that the ecstatic teacher observes inspire the huge uncle	plural	singular	singular	observe	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the happy uncle criticizes stimulate the young poet	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big singers that the small victim greets confuse the old man	plural	singular	singular	greet	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that the large athlete admires stimulate the big girl	plural	singular	singular	admire	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old teachers that the large boy encourages inspire the big singer	plural	singular	singular	encourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big teachers that the miserable carpenter admires approve the happy woman	plural	singular	singular	admire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young teachers that the large father observes confuse the tiny doctor	plural	singular	singular	observe	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that the large girl engages admire the joyful doctor	plural	singular	singular	engage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that the little poet discourages confuse the large kid	plural	singular	singular	discourage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the ecstatic uncle encourages confuse the tiny father	plural	singular	singular	encourage	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large uncles that the miserable aunt approves remember the young carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approve	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that the happy doctor stimulates discourage the tiny woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulate	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the joyful friend discourages approve the old victim	plural	singular	singular	discourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the ecstatic guy inspires encourage the happy poet	plural	singular	singular	inspire	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that the young lawyer encourages observe the tiny carpenter	plural	singular	singular	encourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The little uncles that the joyful lawyer knows admire the ecstatic girl	plural	singular	singular	know	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little uncles that the sad man inspires remember the big lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young uncles that the huge singer engages avoid the small victim	plural	singular	singular	engage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the tiny boy discourages avoid the miserable guy	plural	singular	singular	discourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the large carpenter criticizes stimulate the miserable man	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the ecstatic carpenter criticizes stimulate the small singer	plural	singular	singular	criticize	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad victims that the old father admires approve the tiny girl	plural	singular	singular	admire	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small victims that the ecstatic guy greets encourage the huge girl	plural	singular	singular	greet	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that the miserable kid confuses observe the little mother	plural	singular	singular	confuse	observes
objrel_that_adj	The little victims that the tiny kid discourages greet the happy singer	plural	singular	singular	discourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the little mother understands criticize the miserable farmer	plural	singular	singular	understand	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the happy poet engages approve the old uncle	plural	singular	singular	engage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the sad poet observes criticize the old singer	plural	singular	singular	observe	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the young friend admires know the little doctor	plural	singular	singular	admire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful women that the big guy remembers discourage the ecstatic uncle	plural	singular	singular	remember	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the young kid inspires stimulate the sad singer	plural	singular	singular	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the young man approves greet the large mother	plural	singular	singular	approve	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big women that the miserable mother greets avoid the sad friend	plural	singular	singular	greet	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the big victim inspires know the tiny boy	plural	singular	singular	inspire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that the large aunt avoids stimulate the small doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the little farmer confuses understand the old singers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the young girl greets discourage the joyful singers	plural	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that the big lawyer understands confuse the large fathers	plural	singular	plural	understand	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that the old man approves know the young friends	plural	singular	plural	approve	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the huge uncle confuses encourage the little guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that the tiny uncle engages greet the young women	plural	singular	plural	engage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the small boy knows criticize the little fathers	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the joyful father remembers observe the big lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remember	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the little friend approves know the old guys	plural	singular	plural	approve	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the small friend confuses observe the tiny uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuse	observes
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the miserable girl encourages stimulate the old athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big aunts that the old guy greets criticize the huge farmers	plural	singular	plural	greet	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the little lawyer encourages know the old farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the young man inspires confuse the joyful mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the old mother engages admire the little singers	plural	singular	plural	engage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that the ecstatic woman stimulates know the large doctors	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that the sad carpenter criticizes approve the huge victims	plural	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the small carpenter inspires remember the miserable athletes	plural	singular	plural	inspire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old boys that the huge doctor understands greet the happy girls	plural	singular	plural	understand	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little boys that the young farmer remembers understand the tiny girls	plural	singular	plural	remember	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the huge father discourages encourage the tiny kids	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The small boys that the sad friend discourages criticize the young poets	plural	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that the happy guy knows stimulate the miserable lawyers	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the old kid confuses stimulate the young lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the tiny man engages observe the little fathers	plural	singular	plural	engage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the old man knows admire the tiny girls	plural	singular	plural	know	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old boys that the big uncle encourages greet the large victims	plural	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the joyful victim approves criticize the little doctors	plural	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that the joyful victim approves understand the little friends	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the big boy approves understand the old mothers	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that the ecstatic lawyer observes stimulate the happy men	plural	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that the sad man approves confuse the young kids	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that the small poet engages discourage the joyful friends	plural	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that the miserable poet remembers avoid the small fathers	plural	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that the young singer approves engage the tiny guys	plural	singular	plural	approve	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the young uncle remembers encourage the ecstatic teachers	plural	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the sad victim understands discourage the happy girls	plural	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that the tiny woman observes avoid the young boys	plural	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big doctors that the large aunt stimulates discourage the tiny boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young doctors that the miserable father greets approve the old singers	plural	singular	plural	greet	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big doctors that the old lawyer greets avoid the small poets	plural	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that the joyful mother approves engage the young uncles	plural	singular	plural	approve	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large doctors that the tiny mother avoids admire the huge victims	plural	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that the old mother understands inspire the small friends	plural	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little doctors that the young uncle admires encourage the small men	plural	singular	plural	admire	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large farmers that the ecstatic athlete greets confuse the big poets	plural	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that the big carpenter knows discourage the little lawyers	plural	singular	plural	know	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that the big doctor confuses understand the large uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuse	understands
objrel_that_adj	The young farmers that the old girl confuses inspire the small doctors	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young farmers that the small guy avoids confuse the ecstatic doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big farmers that the miserable lawyer engages observe the joyful carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that the joyful lawyer knows encourage the little boys	plural	singular	plural	know	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young farmers that the old uncle stimulates observe the happy mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large farmers that the miserable victim criticizes engage the little carpenters	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that the miserable aunt greets know the big singers	plural	singular	plural	greet	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large fathers that the sad man criticizes greet the big girls	plural	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the large man understands avoid the young girls	plural	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the huge mother discourages avoid the large aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little fathers that the big mother greets observe the small lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greet	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the joyful mother stimulates understand the small lawyers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the young teacher criticizes greet the tiny boys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the old teacher knows engage the sad farmers	plural	singular	plural	know	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that the little victim avoids stimulate the big mothers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the joyful woman approves confuse the old teachers	plural	singular	plural	approve	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge friends that the tiny boy confuses inspire the little guys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the ecstatic carpenter observes discourage the huge aunts	plural	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the tiny carpenter remembers observe the huge fathers	plural	singular	plural	remember	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small friends that the sad farmer understands discourage the joyful victims	plural	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that the small kid approves discourage the huge girls	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little friends that the joyful lawyer confuses admire the large victims	plural	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the miserable man approves avoid the young doctors	plural	singular	plural	approve	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the miserable mother knows confuse the young kids	plural	singular	plural	know	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the joyful singer inspires discourage the sad farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that the small singer remembers confuse the tiny farmers	plural	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The little friends that the young woman criticizes know the old fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the miserable woman engages greet the tiny boys	plural	singular	plural	engage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that the little athlete remembers approve the joyful poets	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young girls that the large athlete stimulates encourage the joyful lawyers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the little aunt understands inspire the large singers	plural	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that the young doctor observes criticize the small boys	plural	singular	plural	observe	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the big doctor remembers greet the miserable uncles	plural	singular	plural	remember	greets
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that the miserable friend confuses criticize the huge singers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the young friend inspires discourage the old victims	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that the sad guy confuses criticize the old teachers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that the old mother discourages greet the tiny poets	plural	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little girls that the tiny mother observes understand the happy athletes	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the sad poet inspires discourage the ecstatic kids	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young girls that the huge poet observes stimulate the old doctors	plural	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big girls that the tiny poet observes stimulate the huge victims	plural	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge girls that the joyful singer understands greet the ecstatic friends	plural	singular	plural	understand	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the little victim inspires avoid the happy carpenters	plural	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big guys that the miserable aunt approves understand the huge poets	plural	singular	plural	approve	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that the large boy engages greet the tiny doctors	plural	singular	plural	engage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that the sad farmer knows avoid the huge singers	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the little kid greets stimulate the ecstatic girls	plural	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that the miserable lawyer avoids inspire the large uncles	plural	singular	plural	avoid	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that the miserable man discourages observe the huge farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old guys that the happy singer engages discourage the ecstatic farmers	plural	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The big kids that the tiny boy understands criticize the miserable poets	plural	singular	plural	understand	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old kids that the little doctor observes discourage the ecstatic athletes	plural	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The old kids that the large farmer encourages observe the miserable guys	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that the happy girl greets remember the large victims	plural	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young kids that the small guy approves admire the little doctors	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the sad man approves know the miserable fathers	plural	singular	plural	approve	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large kids that the ecstatic singer discourages know the little aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the happy uncle admires avoid the small mothers	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the large victim avoids stimulate the ecstatic athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that the huge athlete stimulates understand the old men	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that the happy boy admires greet the small singers	plural	singular	plural	admire	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that the tiny boy observes avoid the ecstatic kids	plural	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that the happy boy understands admire the big mothers	plural	singular	plural	understand	admires
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that the miserable farmer criticizes inspire the small doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticize	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that the big friend avoids observe the miserable teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that the miserable friend remembers stimulate the joyful poets	plural	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the huge guy engages discourage the big singers	plural	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the big singer inspires discourage the huge poets	plural	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the large teacher discourages admire the ecstatic uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that the miserable uncle greets observe the happy women	plural	singular	plural	greet	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad men that the joyful boy knows greet the tiny lawyers	plural	singular	plural	know	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge men that the ecstatic doctor admires know the large poets	plural	singular	plural	admire	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge men that the tiny farmer stimulates understand the miserable lawyers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big men that the large lawyer remembers criticize the little teachers	plural	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the tiny victim discourages encourage the young carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that the small victim stimulates admire the sad singers	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the huge athlete admires understand the miserable aunts	plural	singular	plural	admire	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the ecstatic aunt admires remember the happy carpenters	plural	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that the old boy criticizes know the tiny girls	plural	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that the old carpenter greets encourage the small victims	plural	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the young father discourages greet the tiny doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourage	greets
objrel_that_adj	The large mothers that the happy kid observes stimulate the huge singers	plural	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the sad singer greets inspire the tiny teachers	plural	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the happy victim observes discourage the miserable aunts	plural	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small mothers that the young woman understands observe the old aunts	plural	singular	plural	understand	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that the tiny athlete remembers stimulate the happy lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large poets that the small aunt greets know the happy carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greet	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that the miserable boy knows avoid the little mothers	plural	singular	plural	know	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little poets that the sad farmer approves admire the happy athletes	plural	singular	plural	approve	admires
objrel_that_adj	The sad poets that the big farmer discourages approve the joyful girls	plural	singular	plural	discourage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that the small farmer understands observe the old boys	plural	singular	plural	understand	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that the small father discourages know the tiny singers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The huge poets that the big father greets stimulate the joyful teachers	plural	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big poets that the miserable friend admires avoid the sad carpenters	plural	singular	plural	admire	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big poets that the tiny friend approves discourage the happy carpenters	plural	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that the tiny girl engages approve the small friends	plural	singular	plural	engage	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old poets that the huge guy remembers criticize the joyful kids	plural	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that the big kid greets observe the small farmers	plural	singular	plural	greet	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad poets that the old lawyer avoids engage the happy doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big poets that the large woman greets encourage the tiny fathers	plural	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that the joyful woman inspires confuse the young farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the huge carpenter avoids stimulate the little teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the ecstatic doctor encourages observe the joyful farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big singers that the miserable farmer encourages know the sad men	plural	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small singers that the old farmer stimulates approve the tiny boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small singers that the little farmer stimulates encourage the miserable carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The old singers that the joyful father admires criticize the huge carpenters	plural	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the ecstatic father encourages remember the small teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the young father remembers criticize the little teachers	plural	singular	plural	remember	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that the little guy inspires stimulate the joyful girls	plural	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that the miserable man observes confuse the big girls	plural	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large singers that the happy mother engages admire the sad doctors	plural	singular	plural	engage	admires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the little mother understands observe the happy fathers	plural	singular	plural	understand	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old singers that the big victim admires remember the sad athletes	plural	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that the joyful woman encourages understand the small fathers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that the young athlete observes understand the tiny girls	plural	singular	plural	observe	understands
objrel_that_adj	The small teachers that the sad doctor knows stimulate the huge friends	plural	singular	plural	know	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that the small girl engages encourage the young poets	plural	singular	plural	engage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The large teachers that the small guy observes admire the sad farmers	plural	singular	plural	observe	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old teachers that the huge guy understands stimulate the joyful carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understand	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large teachers that the old man greets stimulate the tiny athletes	plural	singular	plural	greet	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The small teachers that the little mother confuses discourage the large women	plural	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that the sad mother discourages encourage the little singers	plural	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the miserable singer observes engage the little fathers	plural	singular	plural	observe	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large teachers that the ecstatic uncle avoids approve the little men	plural	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that the young uncle criticizes approve the small men	plural	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that the old victim understands approve the ecstatic mothers	plural	singular	plural	understand	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young teachers that the small woman criticizes engage the joyful boys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that the joyful boy discourages know the miserable girls	plural	singular	plural	discourage	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that the young carpenter inspires observe the joyful lawyers	plural	singular	plural	inspire	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the ecstatic friend engages stimulate the sad farmers	plural	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large uncles that the huge girl understands encourage the joyful guys	plural	singular	plural	understand	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the old guy encourages criticize the miserable mothers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that the large poet engages stimulate the tiny singers	plural	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that the sad victim greets observe the happy girls	plural	singular	plural	greet	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the young farmer confuses discourage the little aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little victims that the miserable girl confuses know the sad teachers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that the joyful guy confuses encourage the tiny boys	plural	singular	plural	confuse	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the small guy engages criticize the huge aunts	plural	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that the old kid discourages inspire the big athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that the happy teacher knows criticize the miserable boys	plural	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big women that the small farmer remembers approve the joyful girls	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the tiny friend stimulates criticize the small guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful women that the big guy admires discourage the small athletes	plural	singular	plural	admire	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that the large kid criticizes admire the joyful guys	plural	singular	plural	criticize	admires
objrel_that_adj	The sad women that the ecstatic lawyer observes stimulate the little men	plural	singular	plural	observe	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the young poet greets admire the big fathers	plural	singular	plural	greet	admires
objrel_that_adj	The huge women that the ecstatic singer remembers approve the happy friends	plural	singular	plural	remember	approves
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the sad teacher encourages stimulate the huge lawyers	plural	singular	plural	encourage	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the sad uncle confuses criticize the little lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuse	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that the huge victim remembers engage the big men	plural	singular	plural	remember	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that the small aunts discourage confuse the young mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that the ecstatic friends stimulate discourage the sad man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that the joyful girls inspire engage the big guy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The small athletes that the little guys engage remember the joyful father	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the little kids criticize discourage the miserable aunt	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the ecstatic men greet engage the young victim	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old athletes that the little poets inspire understand the happy victim	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that the huge singers confuse admire the old aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
objrel_that_adj	The young athletes that the small singers encourage confuse the large lawyer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that the joyful singers stimulate criticize the ecstatic poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the little uncles know criticize the sad doctor	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that the young women remember confuse the little singer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the little boys know observe the small lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that the old boys understand encourage the small mother	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The big aunts that the miserable fathers confuse encourage the joyful victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that the happy girls approve criticize the sad friend	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the little kids criticize approve the large mother	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that the miserable kids discourage avoid the large boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the sad poets discourage admire the young boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the small victims know remember the old carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that the large victims remember observe the old kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that the sad women engage avoid the tiny lawyer	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young boys that the large carpenters avoid discourage the sad friend	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that the old carpenters understand criticize the small lawyer	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that the happy fathers engage avoid the large doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old boys that the small guys engage criticize the happy woman	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the joyful lawyers know admire the little aunt	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old boys that the large mothers greet avoid the tiny uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the little teachers greet know the huge friend	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that the large aunts observe confuse the ecstatic uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the sad doctors greet understand the large guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that the large girls avoid engage the joyful man	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that the sad kids admire criticize the old friend	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that the large lawyers avoid criticize the sad kid	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that the big lawyers inspire stimulate the miserable kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that the small men observe discourage the happy athlete	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that the small mothers engage confuse the big boy	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the sad singers encourage remember the miserable kid	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the huge uncles encourage observe the joyful victim	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the miserable victims avoid inspire the small aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that the little women know remember the huge teacher	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the large boys confuse inspire the happy carpenter	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that the happy boys know encourage the ecstatic man	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that the ecstatic boys stimulate know the happy father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the happy farmers inspire confuse the little lawyer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that the tiny fathers avoid stimulate the big mother	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The young doctors that the big fathers greet observe the small mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that the little kids confuse avoid the tiny carpenter	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large doctors that the young kids greet observe the tiny father	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that the young lawyers understand approve the old farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that the old men admire greet the miserable uncle	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that the sad mothers admire encourage the large kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that the miserable poets admire observe the ecstatic aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
objrel_that_adj	The little doctors that the tiny teachers understand stimulate the old boy	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the sad athletes greet approve the young mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that the big aunts encourage avoid the young poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big farmers that the miserable carpenters criticize know the old mother	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that the ecstatic fathers greet remember the old aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that the big girls stimulate admire the small guy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel_that_adj	The small farmers that the young mothers understand admire the huge girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old farmers that the tiny uncles know observe the ecstatic man	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large fathers that the little athletes know confuse the small poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that the young athletes remember approve the ecstatic teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that the old aunts know greet the huge farmer	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the small boys discourage engage the old aunt	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that the ecstatic girls remember discourage the big teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little fathers that the huge girls stimulate encourage the big singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the young kids criticize admire the tiny guy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
objrel_that_adj	The young fathers that the big kids stimulate approve the huge uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young fathers that the sad men understand greet the miserable singer	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
objrel_that_adj	The old fathers that the joyful teachers admire approve the tiny friend	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that the large athletes encourage know the big guy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that the happy aunts encourage confuse the little uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The little friends that the ecstatic boys avoid admire the old uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
objrel_that_adj	The young friends that the huge boys understand discourage the happy doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that the small fathers inspire stimulate the tiny poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the ecstatic girls know approve the huge man	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the young lawyers remember observe the old farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel_that_adj	The young friends that the huge mothers know remember the little aunt	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the young singers encourage know the huge boy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that the little uncles encourage admire the ecstatic doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the big uncles know engage the joyful athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old girls that the joyful aunts inspire discourage the young carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that the huge boys confuse avoid the large lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small girls that the tiny carpenters avoid understand the sad victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big girls that the huge farmers confuse stimulate the young athlete	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old girls that the tiny friends approve discourage the young doctor	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the huge friends observe inspire the miserable mother	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old girls that the huge kids avoid remember the big aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad girls that the small mothers discourage inspire the ecstatic victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old girls that the ecstatic mothers stimulate admire the miserable aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that the joyful victims discourage approve the large father	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small guys that the tiny athletes avoid confuse the large kid	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that the ecstatic aunts understand inspire the large father	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big guys that the joyful farmers inspire approve the huge friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big guys that the little farmers know understand the joyful boy	plural	plural	singular	knows	understands
objrel_that_adj	The small guys that the miserable friends approve know the tiny mother	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the small girls confuse approve the little woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the small kids confuse remember the old lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that the huge men discourage avoid the large carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the little mothers criticize stimulate the large teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the big poets avoid discourage the small teacher	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the sad teachers know avoid the ecstatic athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The old kids that the miserable athletes know remember the young poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The small kids that the old aunts encourage discourage the little friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that the large carpenters observe encourage the tiny poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that the young carpenters stimulate inspire the little singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The large kids that the big mothers know confuse the miserable teacher	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the happy singers admire inspire the joyful aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The little kids that the large singers stimulate avoid the miserable teacher	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The happy kids that the large teachers admire inspire the ecstatic lawyer	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the ecstatic carpenters observe approve the small man	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that the joyful farmers discourage stimulate the young doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that the tiny guys observe greet the small carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that the huge men know understand the big teacher	plural	plural	singular	knows	understands
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that the tiny mothers avoid remember the joyful guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that the tiny singers understand observe the ecstatic girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that the large women discourage encourage the old victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The old men that the joyful athletes greet confuse the little guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the large doctors engage greet the old carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The tiny men that the big fathers know confuse the huge singer	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big men that the ecstatic friends observe confuse the old aunt	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The large men that the joyful friends observe inspire the happy woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that the sad kids admire know the large aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the young lawyers greet stimulate the tiny victim	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful men that the miserable lawyers observe encourage the huge guy	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The small men that the miserable poets approve discourage the old aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable men that the tiny singers remember confuse the big friend	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad men that the happy teachers confuse engage the large aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful men that the old teachers discourage know the young farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The small men that the ecstatic women observe admire the little lawyer	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the young doctors avoid admire the large athlete	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the young doctors greet encourage the small poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that the ecstatic doctors know stimulate the large athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that the miserable farmers avoid criticize the small poet	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little mothers that the miserable girls criticize engage the young woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The little mothers that the young guys encourage admire the ecstatic boy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little mothers that the sad poets engage observe the huge woman	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that the happy poets know confuse the old doctor	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the large singers approve avoid the little poet	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The young mothers that the big singers confuse admire the joyful poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that the young singers criticize discourage the small victim	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small mothers that the joyful uncles know stimulate the young singer	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that the little victims inspire confuse the ecstatic kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the large carpenters understand criticize the young man	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that the huge doctors discourage greet the happy singer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The sad poets that the small doctors inspire discourage the tiny teacher	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the large fathers stimulate remember the miserable uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad poets that the little girls criticize engage the young doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad poets that the happy girls remember understand the joyful father	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big poets that the ecstatic kids greet stimulate the old victim	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the miserable lawyers approve confuse the small guy	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that the large men approve confuse the miserable lawyer	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that the large mothers criticize encourage the young friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad poets that the miserable singers remember understand the huge carpenter	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that the huge uncles know stimulate the old friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that the miserable girls remember avoid the little boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The small singers that the old uncles avoid approve the happy farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that the young victims remember observe the tiny man	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the joyful boys avoid approve the small lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little teachers that the small boys remember stimulate the large woman	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that the happy doctors understand admire the young guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that the small friends criticize observe the little kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the old guys approve confuse the huge kid	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the young guys criticize engage the sad lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that the old kids greet criticize the large carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the small lawyers approve stimulate the ecstatic mother	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that the young lawyers engage stimulate the ecstatic farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old teachers that the little lawyers understand encourage the small uncle	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young teachers that the miserable poets stimulate admire the sad mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
objrel_that_adj	The old teachers that the ecstatic uncles encourage understand the joyful friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The small uncles that the large athletes stimulate greet the young mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that the miserable friends observe inspire the big father	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that the young friends understand remember the large aunt	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that the happy kids discourage approve the huge victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that the small mothers engage observe the miserable singer	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the little singers greet approve the sad aunt	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small uncles that the tiny teachers confuse admire the little victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
objrel_that_adj	The happy victims that the young athletes confuse inspire the joyful uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the miserable athletes engage confuse the ecstatic friend	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the tiny aunts observe approve the happy singer	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad victims that the miserable doctors inspire know the small girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that the little girls approve understand the old mother	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the large girls encourage confuse the tiny poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad victims that the huge lawyers greet approve the small farmer	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad victims that the small mothers understand stimulate the miserable poet	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the tiny poets greet observe the miserable guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the sad singers avoid greet the happy boy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the young women inspire approve the big singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the ecstatic women observe greet the small friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The little women that the old aunts discourage approve the big uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the little boys understand greet the large victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
objrel_that_adj	The joyful women that the old fathers encourage admire the huge aunt	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The young women that the old girls understand engage the miserable teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
objrel_that_adj	The small women that the miserable guys know avoid the sad kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny women that the ecstatic mothers remember know the happy friend	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the happy poets criticize greet the huge teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The miserable women that the tiny poets encourage discourage the little father	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful women that the happy poets inspire engage the little boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The sad women that the large uncles discourage engage the small man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that the miserable boys confuse approve the joyful farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little athletes that the large boys confuse engage the big victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that the large boys encourage remember the big friends	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The little athletes that the small boys engage confuse the ecstatic lawyers	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that the huge fathers know remember the ecstatic poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The big athletes that the old lawyers confuse stimulate the huge fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old athletes that the miserable lawyers engage approve the ecstatic doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that the sad poets engage observe the happy carpenters	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that the big singers confuse admire the joyful victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that the big singers inspire confuse the happy boys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that the small athletes criticize understand the big men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that the sad athletes stimulate observe the little poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that the huge boys criticize engage the young men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big aunts that the ecstatic carpenters encourage approve the small doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that the tiny farmers approve engage the huge athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large aunts that the joyful guys approve criticize the tiny singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The little aunts that the sad guys observe approve the huge poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small aunts that the tiny men avoid admire the big poets	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that the joyful men confuse engage the tiny kids	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel_that_adj	The old aunts that the tiny uncles approve remember the young victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young aunts that the huge uncles confuse inspire the miserable boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that the sad women confuse remember the old doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the old carpenters observe approve the young women	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the tiny farmers inspire understand the small aunts	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the miserable fathers remember discourage the little aunts	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy boys that the little friends remember stimulate the big poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little boys that the large girls discourage approve the tiny poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that the big guys encourage avoid the miserable teachers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the sad guys inspire engage the joyful kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that the young men know encourage the huge guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The sad boys that the miserable teachers greet admire the big victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large boys that the miserable teachers remember greet the huge carpenters	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
objrel_that_adj	The old boys that the miserable uncles inspire remember the young men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The huge boys that the joyful uncles stimulate admire the large doctors	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big boys that the young victims inspire greet the happy mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that the small aunts observe encourage the miserable mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that the large friends greet inspire the sad women	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that the young kids criticize stimulate the little doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that the happy men remember engage the joyful friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the miserable mothers confuse observe the little kids	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that the joyful singers approve greet the huge farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that the happy uncles stimulate avoid the little athletes	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that the huge victims criticize know the little men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that the small victims inspire admire the big lawyers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objrel_that_adj	The little doctors that the miserable athletes observe understand the large fathers	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large doctors that the joyful carpenters greet engage the sad victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that the big farmers inspire encourage the large athletes	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The old doctors that the sad friends approve stimulate the young women	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that the happy lawyers know understand the little girls	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large farmers that the huge aunts inspire engage the joyful teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that the tiny boys inspire stimulate the joyful aunts	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that the huge boys observe remember the little fathers	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that the tiny boys observe remember the miserable men	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the sad doctors discourage admire the big girls	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that the small friends remember engage the tiny poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the miserable girls know remember the sad uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that the happy guys discourage observe the small victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the big men approve admire the little fathers	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that the ecstatic mothers discourage engage the happy doctors	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that the happy poets admire remember the miserable teachers	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The small farmers that the happy singers greet observe the old doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel_that_adj	The large farmers that the joyful uncles avoid approve the young aunts	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objrel_that_adj	The small fathers that the miserable athletes observe criticize the young boys	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that the joyful boys understand discourage the huge teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The young fathers that the large carpenters discourage remember the joyful women	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that the happy doctors engage encourage the old singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The old fathers that the ecstatic friends approve know the joyful women	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
objrel_that_adj	The little fathers that the small guys confuse know the old kids	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the big men criticize discourage the ecstatic boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the small men encourage confuse the old poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The young fathers that the big singers discourage understand the huge doctors	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that the tiny teachers greet know the joyful athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objrel_that_adj	The young fathers that the tiny victims remember know the small boys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that the old victims remember understand the happy uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objrel_that_adj	The young fathers that the happy women criticize approve the large poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The big fathers that the joyful women encourage avoid the happy aunts	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad friends that the happy aunts confuse encourage the little farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge friends that the ecstatic lawyers discourage know the little aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The old friends that the young men understand admire the huge victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the ecstatic singers approve remember the young teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the little singers engage remember the miserable lawyers	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The big friends that the small singers understand approve the little poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the miserable teachers remember engage the young poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objrel_that_adj	The large friends that the small victims approve criticize the miserable boys	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The happy friends that the big victims discourage engage the large fathers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that the ecstatic victims know encourage the sad uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that the sad boys discourage admire the old mothers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objrel_that_adj	The young girls that the sad friends inspire stimulate the large uncles	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The happy girls that the old men encourage understand the ecstatic fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The huge girls that the happy men observe avoid the large women	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that the small singers remember confuse the big victims	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that the large uncles discourage avoid the tiny athletes	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that the little athletes confuse observe the large lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that the small aunts engage approve the large carpenters	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The little guys that the tiny aunts engage understand the miserable boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large guys that the huge farmers stimulate greet the big fathers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objrel_that_adj	The huge guys that the sad fathers greet observe the large victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel_that_adj	The sad guys that the happy friends criticize encourage the old women	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that the ecstatic friends inspire understand the young boys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objrel_that_adj	The young guys that the huge girls inspire approve the large fathers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy guys that the ecstatic mothers encourage inspire the young kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big guys that the ecstatic mothers engage discourage the young doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that the happy uncles stimulate admire the miserable singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that the ecstatic women confuse greet the large farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that the old women know discourage the ecstatic athletes	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that the big women understand discourage the small fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the small athletes discourage avoid the ecstatic singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big kids that the huge aunts avoid understand the old athletes	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that the huge boys encourage criticize the old victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The young kids that the miserable carpenters avoid approve the happy women	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old kids that the happy doctors discourage avoid the ecstatic carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that the young fathers discourage remember the miserable uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that the sad girls approve encourage the huge athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The huge kids that the little guys encourage approve the old doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The young kids that the small singers inspire remember the large fathers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young kids that the big uncles greet remember the tiny men	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that the sad victims observe approve the happy men	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that the ecstatic athletes inspire discourage the old friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that the ecstatic aunts remember understand the miserable victims	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that the big boys greet discourage the old friends	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that the miserable carpenters remember confuse the sad mothers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that the tiny friends stimulate avoid the big women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that the huge girls criticize know the large carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that the tiny poets avoid understand the ecstatic aunts	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that the big women discourage know the tiny aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful men that the huge athletes understand avoid the miserable fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad men that the small farmers engage discourage the little uncles	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that the old girls discourage stimulate the happy women	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The sad men that the little girls greet observe the joyful kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objrel_that_adj	The small men that the big guys approve discourage the old teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the miserable guys approve greet the joyful doctors	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the miserable guys engage discourage the ecstatic aunts	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that the sad lawyers criticize inspire the small kids	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The happy men that the little women admire criticize the old carpenters	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the miserable aunts understand know the young friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the young fathers confuse understand the sad lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objrel_that_adj	The small mothers that the joyful kids confuse inspire the young boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The small mothers that the sad kids know engage the ecstatic girls	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the old lawyers engage discourage the big girls	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the little poets admire stimulate the small fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big mothers that the little poets criticize know the sad victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that the big teachers engage greet the old aunts	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
objrel_that_adj	The old mothers that the young uncles admire engage the big kids	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that the old women inspire confuse the miserable girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the joyful athletes approve encourage the large boys	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the little athletes remember encourage the tiny singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the sad aunts understand encourage the big women	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the little boys criticize admire the old mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that the big boys remember stimulate the tiny lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that the little boys understand confuse the old women	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the sad fathers criticize stimulate the large victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that the happy fathers know avoid the ecstatic teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The sad poets that the ecstatic guys confuse approve the big boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objrel_that_adj	The happy poets that the little guys stimulate inspire the joyful uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that the small victims observe greet the tiny farmers	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objrel_that_adj	The young poets that the large women avoid stimulate the miserable guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The small poets that the happy women engage stimulate the big guys	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The old singers that the miserable boys approve stimulate the big athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The little singers that the tiny girls inspire engage the large athletes	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
objrel_that_adj	The huge singers that the large men encourage avoid the tiny kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that the little teachers remember greet the happy guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
objrel_that_adj	The small singers that the sad women remember discourage the huge men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the little carpenters confuse know the tiny men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that the little carpenters confuse observe the big victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that the big doctors observe stimulate the young poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The big teachers that the large kids confuse criticize the little victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old teachers that the happy mothers remember stimulate the little women	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that the big poets admire greet the joyful fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that the miserable uncles observe admire the small women	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the miserable aunts understand avoid the sad girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the joyful boys admire inspire the tiny aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young uncles that the huge carpenters discourage remember the tiny farmers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that the tiny carpenters encourage engage the little women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The small uncles that the large carpenters understand approve the sad victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that the huge doctors remember inspire the small men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that the big fathers encourage inspire the happy mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The young uncles that the big girls criticize understand the huge doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the large girls understand avoid the young poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The big uncles that the large women admire criticize the young kids	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The large uncles that the young women discourage know the happy teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the old aunts discourage inspire the sad lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the little boys admire remember the ecstatic athletes	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the little boys know inspire the old teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the ecstatic doctors confuse engage the huge women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objrel_that_adj	The small victims that the miserable farmers avoid discourage the big doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the happy girls avoid observe the little men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
objrel_that_adj	The old victims that the tiny kids understand confuse the big farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objrel_that_adj	The young victims that the large lawyers discourage engage the huge carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objrel_that_adj	The big victims that the old men understand encourage the little aunts	plural	plural	plural	understands	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that the tiny poets approve remember the happy friends	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that the tiny poets understand avoid the young athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objrel_that_adj	The large victims that the joyful uncles discourage remember the small carpenters	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objrel_that_adj	The huge victims that the sad women discourage approve the little teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that the tiny athletes inspire encourage the sad aunts	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
objrel_that_adj	The little women that the ecstatic aunts greet understand the large friends	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
objrel_that_adj	The little women that the sad boys know approve the joyful teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objrel_that_adj	The large women that the huge carpenters know approve the miserable kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the big lawyers observe inspire the young boys	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objrel_that_adj	The sad women that the young victims admire criticize the ecstatic friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
objrel_that_adj	The old women that the small victims observe remember the huge guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete admires the tiny girl that the young mother avoids	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete admires the young uncle that the sad doctor confuses	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete confuses the happy teacher that the tiny guy greets	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete criticizes the little victim that the tiny boy encourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athlete encourages the huge aunt that the big victim observes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athlete encourages the small guy that the old aunt inspires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete observes the sad kid that the tiny father understands	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete remembers the old mother that the ecstatic friend engages	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt admires the joyful teacher that the tiny farmer observes	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt confuses the huge boy that the big poet engages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt encourages the small guy that the little father knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt encourages the miserable poet that the old guy avoids	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunt encourages the ecstatic victim that the joyful mother knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunt engages the big kid that the sad girl knows	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt greets the happy guy that the large uncle stimulates	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunt remembers the huge father that the big doctor confuses	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boy approves the huge guy that the happy singer inspires	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boy criticizes the large poet that the little singer engages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy knows the happy man that the big aunt admires	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boy knows the miserable singer that the large lawyer observes	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boy remembers the small singer that the ecstatic lawyer discourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter approves the huge friend that the little lawyer encourages	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter approves the miserable poet that the happy father admires	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter confuses the small aunt that the old friend knows	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter confuses the ecstatic farmer that the old kid approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter confuses the sad victim that the small mother approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter confuses the joyful woman that the miserable boy admires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter encourages the big boy that the old kid discourages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter encourages the little doctor that the young man observes	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter greets the little uncle that the miserable girl inspires	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter knows the big farmer that the joyful athlete criticizes	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter knows the ecstatic singer that the happy doctor avoids	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter observes the big boy that the ecstatic woman approves	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter remembers the ecstatic lawyer that the huge man engages	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor approves the large singer that the small boy inspires	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor criticizes the old farmer that the small athlete avoids	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctor engages the joyful uncle that the big mother confuses	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor remembers the sad lawyer that the huge father approves	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor understands the little girl that the huge friend knows	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmer admires the ecstatic athlete that the happy kid avoids	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer admires the joyful lawyer that the ecstatic friend criticizes	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer avoids the sad girl that the huge athlete observes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer criticizes the miserable carpenter that the joyful man encourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer discourages the ecstatic uncle that the little guy avoids	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer engages the large kid that the joyful man admires	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmer knows the sad friend that the miserable guy greets	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad father admires the tiny aunt that the happy lawyer inspires	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad father approves the happy boy that the huge poet engages	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old father approves the big lawyer that the young farmer knows	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big father approves the happy singer that the small friend discourages	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful father avoids the miserable boy that the young lawyer approves	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father avoids the young kid that the tiny girl confuses	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad father confuses the large lawyer that the tiny athlete inspires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small father criticizes the happy poet that the old friend knows	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large father discourages the little guy that the big doctor greets	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father encourages the old woman that the huge farmer inspires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small father greets the miserable farmer that the ecstatic mother remembers	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small father greets the huge uncle that the ecstatic poet inspires	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father inspires the little mother that the tiny girl admires	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful father observes the tiny lawyer that the big kid approves	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young father understands the little woman that the big singer stimulates	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend avoids the old singer that the joyful lawyer greets	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friend criticizes the joyful farmer that the little aunt observes	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friend criticizes the little guy that the tiny poet admires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend encourages the young uncle that the old woman knows	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friend observes the large mother that the happy teacher confuses	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend remembers the miserable athlete that the joyful girl understands	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friend stimulates the sad kid that the young woman inspires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friend stimulates the little lawyer that the tiny mother engages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl admires the young mother that the large lawyer knows	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl avoids the little boy that the small father inspires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl avoids the large father that the ecstatic uncle discourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl discourages the large aunt that the old father observes	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl encourages the small friend that the little doctor engages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girl engages the miserable kid that the large carpenter greets	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl greets the miserable mother that the huge guy admires	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl inspires the miserable farmer that the sad mother stimulates	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girl inspires the joyful mother that the little teacher remembers	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl inspires the large woman that the old doctor understands	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl stimulates the huge athlete that the sad father discourages	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl stimulates the old carpenter that the little uncle remembers	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girl understands the young guy that the small mother admires	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy approves the miserable friend that the little carpenter remembers	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guy confuses the big kid that the happy athlete inspires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy discourages the huge aunt that the happy victim remembers	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guy discourages the sad mother that the happy carpenter confuses	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy encourages the big farmer that the small father discourages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guy engages the miserable woman that the tiny uncle discourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guy knows the young teacher that the huge girl avoids	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy knows the young teacher that the sad poet remembers	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy knows the old uncle that the miserable singer discourages	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guy remembers the small man that the large victim stimulates	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy remembers the little man that the huge woman admires	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy remembers the ecstatic singer that the old athlete criticizes	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid approves the old father that the huge carpenter understands	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kid confuses the ecstatic uncle that the happy guy inspires	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kid criticizes the little lawyer that the miserable woman confuses	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid discourages the old friend that the small athlete understands	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer avoids the sad mother that the old father engages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer avoids the joyful victim that the tiny teacher engages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer criticizes the tiny man that the miserable girl approves	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer criticizes the big teacher that the old poet admires	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer encourages the happy athlete that the ecstatic man understands	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer engages the happy teacher that the sad friend discourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer inspires the tiny guy that the ecstatic athlete greets	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer inspires the large victim that the small doctor engages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer knows the tiny kid that the happy girl discourages	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer observes the joyful mother that the big man understands	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer observes the young woman that the miserable victim admires	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer understands the small woman that the young girl greets	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young man admires the huge boy that the old aunt avoids	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small man avoids the huge father that the ecstatic carpenter criticizes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man avoids the sad lawyer that the miserable girl stimulates	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man criticizes the huge kid that the ecstatic lawyer avoids	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man encourages the small lawyer that the little uncle admires	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small man greets the sad victim that the large woman stimulates	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man inspires the tiny athlete that the miserable victim understands	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man inspires the small boy that the big mother discourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man inspires the small guy that the young boy discourages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man knows the young athlete that the big doctor greets	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man knows the old teacher that the joyful boy confuses	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable man observes the old kid that the ecstatic athlete approves	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man remembers the old singer that the big uncle inspires	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man stimulates the joyful boy that the sad farmer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother admires the large father that the sad teacher criticizes	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother admires the young woman that the happy father encourages	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother avoids the ecstatic poet that the huge girl discourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother confuses the happy guy that the ecstatic lawyer criticizes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mother confuses the happy kid that the huge uncle approves	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother encourages the huge carpenter that the young aunt stimulates	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother inspires the little uncle that the big guy criticizes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother knows the miserable guy that the little boy encourages	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother observes the ecstatic singer that the little father understands	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother stimulates the small father that the old teacher admires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mother stimulates the ecstatic poet that the sad victim greets	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mother understands the young aunt that the sad singer knows	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother understands the little singer that the young boy knows	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poet approves the young aunt that the little girl inspires	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poet approves the joyful kid that the ecstatic victim encourages	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet approves the joyful uncle that the young teacher engages	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poet avoids the old doctor that the ecstatic farmer admires	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poet criticizes the miserable carpenter that the young aunt engages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poet greets the miserable father that the little victim confuses	singular	singular	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poet inspires the young father that the miserable friend approves	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poet inspires the ecstatic victim that the little kid observes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poet knows the big woman that the young athlete observes	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poet observes the joyful boy that the miserable doctor inspires	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet observes the young friend that the little farmer encourages	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poet remembers the small doctor that the miserable father approves	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poet remembers the happy doctor that the ecstatic woman confuses	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poet remembers the ecstatic kid that the joyful teacher knows	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer approves the huge man that the young uncle stimulates	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singer avoids the huge mother that the happy friend discourages	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singer confuses the joyful doctor that the huge girl stimulates	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singer discourages the small kid that the old mother admires	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singer inspires the young athlete that the ecstatic carpenter stimulates	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer inspires the joyful kid that the young mother observes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer remembers the ecstatic aunt that the sad father engages	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher admires the big athlete that the large uncle stimulates	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher admires the big aunt that the joyful friend understands	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher admires the sad guy that the young kid understands	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher avoids the big athlete that the joyful girl criticizes	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher confuses the small poet that the big mother engages	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teacher confuses the small victim that the joyful mother remembers	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teacher inspires the small woman that the big victim engages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher knows the huge kid that the large girl stimulates	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teacher observes the large friend that the young kid remembers	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher observes the young kid that the old father understands	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teacher stimulates the little poet that the joyful aunt avoids	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teacher understands the sad boy that the old poet approves	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teacher understands the joyful poet that the young aunt greets	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncle approves the tiny mother that the miserable carpenter engages	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle confuses the ecstatic man that the sad mother observes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncle confuses the tiny woman that the huge doctor criticizes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncle criticizes the large poet that the small aunt observes	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncle encourages the young athlete that the large friend discourages	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle engages the old kid that the tiny father avoids	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle greets the old lawyer that the large mother admires	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle knows the sad lawyer that the happy aunt engages	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle observes the huge father that the small woman stimulates	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncle stimulates the tiny doctor that the happy woman inspires	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim confuses the joyful girl that the old man observes	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim criticizes the tiny kid that the ecstatic carpenter encourages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim inspires the small lawyer that the large aunt observes	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim knows the joyful lawyer that the sad aunt greets	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim knows the little uncle that the miserable girl criticizes	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim observes the happy athlete that the big kid understands	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim remembers the big athlete that the huge lawyer avoids	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victim understands the sad singer that the large lawyer admires	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman admires the miserable singer that the sad friend observes	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad woman avoids the happy singer that the big teacher confuses	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman criticizes the sad doctor that the ecstatic guy engages	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman discourages the small uncle that the tiny mother knows	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young woman engages the little mother that the joyful athlete discourages	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman greets the joyful doctor that the happy poet criticizes	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young woman inspires the big doctor that the little friend engages	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman knows the miserable carpenter that the small father engages	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge woman knows the little kid that the tiny friend approves	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman observes the big kid that the joyful lawyer approves	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman remembers the huge lawyer that the joyful singer discourages	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athlete admires the young girl that the huge mothers criticize	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athlete confuses the happy aunt that the miserable carpenters discourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athlete criticizes the small carpenter that the sad girls admire	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete criticizes the old friend that the big mothers avoid	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete discourages the joyful victim that the miserable men inspire	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete encourages the huge mother that the sad girls observe	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athlete engages the ecstatic woman that the miserable aunts encourage	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athlete greets the little farmer that the ecstatic guys encourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athlete greets the tiny lawyer that the large boys discourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athlete remembers the young lawyer that the sad mothers greet	singular	singular	plural	remember	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athlete understands the sad kid that the young farmers inspire	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunt approves the small teacher that the joyful men discourage	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt discourages the old victim that the huge mothers confuse	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunt encourages the little woman that the miserable mothers engage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt engages the large victim that the sad athletes stimulate	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunt greets the little poet that the huge teachers remember	singular	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunt inspires the sad farmer that the miserable poets criticize	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt inspires the little mother that the ecstatic lawyers avoid	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt observes the little victim that the big teachers discourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt remembers the joyful athlete that the old carpenters inspire	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunt understands the small doctor that the joyful poets engage	singular	singular	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boy confuses the old man that the young carpenters approve	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boy encourages the small aunt that the miserable friends avoid	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy inspires the large athlete that the little uncles confuse	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boy remembers the sad farmer that the small singers understand	singular	singular	plural	remember	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boy remembers the small friend that the young uncles encourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boy remembers the sad kid that the ecstatic teachers confuse	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boy remembers the sad lawyer that the big victims engage	singular	singular	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter approves the happy doctor that the sad fathers criticize	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter confuses the miserable boy that the big kids greet	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter confuses the joyful guy that the tiny singers discourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter discourages the miserable kid that the young athletes confuse	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter encourages the huge friend that the little farmers approve	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter encourages the old uncle that the sad aunts approve	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter greets the big athlete that the joyful boys discourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter greets the huge victim that the large men confuse	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter observes the large boy that the ecstatic singers confuse	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter observes the large friend that the small singers discourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter observes the tiny guy that the joyful victims discourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter remembers the big farmer that the small poets know	singular	singular	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter stimulates the large mother that the huge doctors approve	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter stimulates the ecstatic woman that the small farmers inspire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter understands the little aunt that the small athletes observe	singular	singular	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor confuses the happy woman that the young aunts know	singular	singular	plural	confuse	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor engages the large mother that the little victims criticize	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor greets the little friend that the huge boys remember	singular	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor greets the little kid that the sad teachers discourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmer criticizes the joyful boy that the miserable uncles approve	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer criticizes the small mother that the little uncles greet	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmer encourages the miserable girl that the sad mothers understand	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer engages the old father that the happy girls confuse	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmer inspires the miserable teacher that the huge poets stimulate	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmer remembers the big aunt that the little women inspire	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmer remembers the miserable victim that the sad lawyers avoid	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer stimulates the small uncle that the old kids understand	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father avoids the small kid that the young doctors know	singular	singular	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable father confuses the large girl that the happy doctors discourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little father criticizes the old mother that the young athletes understand	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father observes the small kid that the little victims remember	singular	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful father observes the ecstatic teacher that the small friends know	singular	singular	plural	observe	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable father remembers the young aunt that the sad girls confuse	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small father remembers the miserable carpenter that the huge women admire	singular	singular	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father remembers the tiny doctor that the sad girls approve	singular	singular	plural	remember	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young father remembers the small guy that the miserable kids encourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable father remembers the little uncle that the small friends observe	singular	singular	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young father stimulates the huge girl that the old aunts discourage	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy father understands the little athlete that the big carpenters discourage	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friend admires the young farmer that the tiny aunts engage	singular	singular	plural	admire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend admires the sad poet that the huge guys approve	singular	singular	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend criticizes the young father that the huge guys remember	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friend engages the miserable farmer that the little teachers understand	singular	singular	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend engages the miserable girl that the little athletes stimulate	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friend greets the little aunt that the young lawyers engage	singular	singular	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend greets the joyful father that the ecstatic aunts avoid	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friend inspires the little carpenter that the sad mothers confuse	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend knows the big farmer that the huge fathers avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friend observes the joyful boy that the young kids greet	singular	singular	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friend observes the joyful doctor that the little teachers avoid	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girl criticizes the joyful athlete that the small singers discourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl discourages the tiny man that the happy aunts avoid	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl engages the sad uncle that the miserable women confuse	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girl greets the joyful guy that the happy boys engage	singular	singular	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girl inspires the miserable doctor that the young lawyers encourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl knows the small doctor that the happy singers encourage	singular	singular	plural	know	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl stimulates the joyful man that the huge athletes inspire	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy approves the huge teacher that the happy women observe	singular	singular	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guy avoids the ecstatic lawyer that the huge athletes stimulate	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guy discourages the small uncle that the happy athletes encourage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy encourages the big kid that the joyful athletes greet	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy encourages the old mother that the large fathers greet	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy encourages the happy woman that the old kids confuse	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy inspires the big man that the young women criticize	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guy observes the sad boy that the happy mothers encourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy observes the miserable farmer that the big lawyers inspire	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy remembers the young doctor that the tiny athletes discourage	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy remembers the little farmer that the ecstatic carpenters engage	singular	singular	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guy stimulates the old victim that the tiny fathers observe	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid admires the young doctor that the little poets know	singular	singular	plural	admire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid approves the large carpenter that the young uncles understand	singular	singular	plural	approve	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid approves the happy woman that the huge girls inspire	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid confuses the happy friend that the joyful poets greet	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kid encourages the huge aunt that the miserable mothers admire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid encourages the joyful man that the small friends inspire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kid engages the happy boy that the young uncles approve	singular	singular	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kid engages the joyful poet that the big lawyers understand	singular	singular	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid greets the happy victim that the big carpenters discourage	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kid knows the ecstatic uncle that the joyful doctors observe	singular	singular	plural	know	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kid remembers the big mother that the happy farmers stimulate	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid stimulates the ecstatic man that the huge farmers approve	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kid stimulates the big victim that the miserable men greet	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid understands the young woman that the big aunts know	singular	singular	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer approves the tiny aunt that the miserable poets greet	singular	singular	plural	approve	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer discourages the big friend that the happy farmers engage	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer greets the huge carpenter that the young athletes know	singular	singular	plural	greet	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer remembers the large girl that the joyful fathers engage	singular	singular	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer understands the miserable doctor that the tiny kids know	singular	singular	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer understands the large father that the big friends avoid	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer understands the little singer that the large men inspire	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable man admires the huge teacher that the old farmers greet	singular	singular	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful man avoids the miserable singer that the sad girls approve	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny man confuses the huge athlete that the sad kids engage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable man encourages the huge farmer that the big boys inspire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old man engages the little doctor that the sad girls stimulate	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old man greets the big teacher that the little friends approve	singular	singular	plural	greet	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man inspires the little girl that the big kids engage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big man knows the joyful lawyer that the old guys admire	singular	singular	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother encourages the little man that the young teachers avoid	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mother inspires the miserable boy that the large lawyers admire	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother observes the old singer that the little girls remember	singular	singular	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother understands the joyful woman that the ecstatic kids avoid	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet approves the happy woman that the large teachers encourage	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poet avoids the happy lawyer that the big teachers admire	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet discourages the sad doctor that the miserable guys criticize	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poet encourages the ecstatic man that the tiny fathers criticize	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poet engages the tiny aunt that the sad boys greet	singular	singular	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poet greets the joyful boy that the little athletes confuse	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet greets the miserable uncle that the tiny singers inspire	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poet knows the ecstatic kid that the happy men engage	singular	singular	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet remembers the old athlete that the huge uncles engage	singular	singular	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poet remembers the miserable friend that the joyful kids admire	singular	singular	plural	remember	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singer admires the miserable athlete that the ecstatic uncles stimulate	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singer admires the big aunt that the ecstatic mothers approve	singular	singular	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singer admires the huge boy that the joyful women stimulate	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer admires the ecstatic doctor that the little carpenters stimulate	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singer admires the small doctor that the joyful uncles approve	singular	singular	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer avoids the big athlete that the young farmers observe	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer avoids the large guy that the sad victims confuse	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singer confuses the ecstatic lawyer that the miserable fathers discourage	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer criticizes the small father that the tiny girls encourage	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer discourages the old doctor that the ecstatic farmers criticize	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer discourages the ecstatic woman that the sad aunts avoid	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singer greets the old lawyer that the young victims admire	singular	singular	plural	greet	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer inspires the little woman that the big mothers discourage	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singer knows the little friend that the happy mothers confuse	singular	singular	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singer knows the happy lawyer that the miserable victims confuse	singular	singular	plural	know	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer observes the little man that the joyful aunts know	singular	singular	plural	observe	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singer remembers the ecstatic father that the large farmers avoid	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singer remembers the ecstatic father that the miserable girls inspire	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singer remembers the huge friend that the old poets know	singular	singular	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer stimulates the old guy that the small aunts greet	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little teacher approves the happy girl that the miserable lawyers engage	singular	singular	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher confuses the old guy that the tiny lawyers remember	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher confuses the old uncle that the happy aunts remember	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher criticizes the tiny carpenter that the ecstatic friends avoid	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher criticizes the large farmer that the big boys approve	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher criticizes the happy uncle that the little women understand	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher encourages the ecstatic guy that the old doctors know	singular	singular	plural	encourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher encourages the happy kid that the huge mothers admire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher encourages the big mother that the large doctors discourage	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher engages the small friend that the large lawyers know	singular	singular	plural	engage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher engages the tiny guy that the joyful victims understand	singular	singular	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher observes the huge mother that the small fathers engage	singular	singular	plural	observe	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher remembers the miserable boy that the old mothers avoid	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher stimulates the large friend that the young doctors avoid	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teacher understands the sad friend that the young lawyers engage	singular	singular	plural	understand	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncle admires the tiny teacher that the miserable men remember	singular	singular	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncle confuses the miserable aunt that the sad singers avoid	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle confuses the joyful man that the big fathers admire	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle criticizes the large father that the small singers avoid	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncle encourages the old father that the young guys admire	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncle engages the little father that the happy friends discourage	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle inspires the joyful kid that the huge victims avoid	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle observes the old doctor that the big teachers know	singular	singular	plural	observe	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncle observes the large woman that the ecstatic lawyers encourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victim admires the old mother that the tiny doctors understand	singular	singular	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim approves the tiny uncle that the joyful carpenters encourage	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victim criticizes the little carpenter that the ecstatic friends stimulate	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim engages the joyful doctor that the sad carpenters admire	singular	singular	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victim greets the big singer that the ecstatic lawyers remember	singular	singular	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim inspires the miserable man that the old mothers avoid	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victim knows the large poet that the sad kids avoid	singular	singular	plural	know	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victim observes the miserable father that the sad men discourage	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman avoids the sad guy that the little kids engage	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman confuses the joyful friend that the big victims greet	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman confuses the miserable poet that the small doctors stimulate	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad woman criticizes the huge athlete that the miserable kids know	singular	singular	plural	criticize	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman greets the large carpenter that the ecstatic men inspire	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big woman knows the young farmer that the huge friends criticize	singular	singular	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman observes the big father that the young uncles know	singular	singular	plural	observe	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big woman understands the happy farmer that the little kids greet	singular	singular	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athlete admires the joyful lawyers that the big guy inspires	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athlete approves the ecstatic doctors that the small lawyer admires	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete avoids the tiny farmers that the miserable lawyer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athlete avoids the tiny teachers that the big lawyer discourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athlete confuses the happy aunts that the ecstatic woman avoids	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athlete criticizes the young doctors that the sad lawyer inspires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athlete criticizes the old fathers that the joyful mother admires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete criticizes the big lawyers that the young carpenter remembers	singular	plural	singular	criticize	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athlete criticizes the miserable teachers that the large farmer admires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete discourages the joyful farmers that the sad doctor confuses	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete encourages the little fathers that the big kid understands	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athlete engages the ecstatic kids that the joyful doctor inspires	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athlete engages the joyful victims that the tiny teacher stimulates	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete inspires the sad uncles that the huge woman approves	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athlete understands the ecstatic fathers that the miserable woman admires	singular	plural	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete understands the small girls that the happy boy inspires	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunt admires the old boys that the huge poet approves	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt admires the small teachers that the big farmer inspires	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunt approves the joyful fathers that the huge doctor greets	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt avoids the small friends that the miserable woman confuses	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunt avoids the sad mothers that the little guy approves	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt discourages the miserable guys that the old father inspires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunt engages the tiny girls that the miserable lawyer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunt inspires the miserable girls that the joyful poet remembers	singular	plural	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunt knows the joyful athletes that the big uncle observes	singular	plural	singular	know	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunt stimulates the huge carpenters that the tiny father avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy criticizes the tiny poets that the miserable carpenter encourages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy discourages the joyful poets that the huge lawyer observes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boy encourages the old uncles that the little victim understands	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy engages the big fathers that the happy man stimulates	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy engages the tiny lawyers that the small aunt approves	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy inspires the small kids that the huge victim knows	singular	plural	singular	inspire	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boy knows the joyful uncles that the small father approves	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy observes the tiny singers that the big man engages	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter confuses the large farmers that the sad poet admires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter confuses the tiny singers that the miserable teacher approves	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter criticizes the miserable aunts that the happy singer greets	singular	plural	singular	criticize	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter criticizes the large boys that the old kid inspires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter discourages the small farmers that the tiny mother engages	singular	plural	singular	discourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter discourages the old guys that the huge farmer avoids	singular	plural	singular	discourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter discourages the sad uncles that the joyful singer inspires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter engages the miserable men that the huge mother inspires	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter greets the huge uncles that the little farmer discourages	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter knows the miserable boys that the small woman inspires	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenter stimulates the little singers that the young father remembers	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter understands the little singers that the ecstatic friend encourages	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor admires the joyful mothers that the huge teacher criticizes	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctor admires the big uncles that the little aunt discourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor approves the large teachers that the tiny woman criticizes	singular	plural	singular	approve	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor confuses the old athletes that the young father engages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor confuses the joyful victims that the sad girl stimulates	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctor engages the little mothers that the large singer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor inspires the sad victims that the big farmer knows	singular	plural	singular	inspire	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctor knows the small athletes that the joyful singer remembers	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor observes the little mothers that the small farmer approves	singular	plural	singular	observe	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor observes the huge mothers that the small man criticizes	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctor observes the little poets that the tiny mother stimulates	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor observes the tiny singers that the happy mother knows	singular	plural	singular	observe	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor observes the large victims that the little farmer engages	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor stimulates the joyful mothers that the tiny boy criticizes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor understands the old men that the joyful woman inspires	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer confuses the big carpenters that the small lawyer inspires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer criticizes the miserable girls that the happy woman confuses	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer discourages the huge athletes that the miserable friend confuses	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmer discourages the miserable carpenters that the big athlete stimulates	singular	plural	singular	discourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmer discourages the young friends that the huge athlete remembers	singular	plural	singular	discourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmer stimulates the sad guys that the happy man greets	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer understands the tiny uncles that the old man discourages	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father avoids the huge kids that the tiny singer confuses	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big father confuses the miserable girls that the small carpenter discourages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old father remembers the young mothers that the sad kid understands	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend admires the joyful lawyers that the ecstatic uncle criticizes	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friend admires the happy men that the large uncle confuses	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friend admires the small mothers that the ecstatic victim engages	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friend admires the small victims that the tiny mother engages	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friend avoids the young uncles that the big doctor greets	singular	plural	singular	avoid	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friend criticizes the tiny carpenters that the huge father stimulates	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend criticizes the ecstatic poets that the old woman engages	singular	plural	singular	criticize	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friend discourages the old doctors that the small girl encourages	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friend greets the small victims that the little mother stimulates	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend greets the joyful women that the tiny mother engages	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friend stimulates the young doctors that the old singer confuses	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend understands the old kids that the young girl confuses	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend understands the happy mothers that the large doctor criticizes	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl admires the old lawyers that the little singer encourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl admires the large lawyers that the sad teacher criticizes	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl admires the huge mothers that the happy kid approves	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girl admires the ecstatic poets that the large doctor criticizes	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girl admires the sad poets that the little teacher inspires	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl avoids the old mothers that the joyful lawyer knows	singular	plural	singular	avoid	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl discourages the big boys that the old man criticizes	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girl encourages the large athletes that the old boy stimulates	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl encourages the small doctors that the happy woman confuses	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girl engages the happy lawyers that the joyful carpenter avoids	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl engages the small singers that the young man remembers	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girl inspires the little doctors that the large aunt understands	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl inspires the huge kids that the little carpenter knows	singular	plural	singular	inspire	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girl observes the young men that the small singer admires	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl observes the little women that the miserable lawyer criticizes	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girl remembers the huge victims that the joyful father confuses	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girl stimulates the small singers that the sad kid avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girl stimulates the miserable women that the small guy observes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guy approves the huge girls that the young singer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy approves the big uncles that the tiny singer greets	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy confuses the happy kids that the ecstatic uncle criticizes	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guy criticizes the large men that the joyful singer inspires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy inspires the large friends that the young athlete confuses	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guy stimulates the joyful boys that the small doctor encourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guy stimulates the joyful mothers that the young singer remembers	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guy stimulates the big victims that the tiny father avoids	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy understands the small teachers that the big doctor discourages	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kid greets the ecstatic poets that the huge doctor avoids	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid knows the big friends that the huge aunt greets	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer approves the old mothers that the tiny boy encourages	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer approves the ecstatic poets that the large athlete admires	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer discourages the old carpenters that the small father inspires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer discourages the little fathers that the happy girl remembers	singular	plural	singular	discourage	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer engages the ecstatic athletes that the large singer approves	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer greets the ecstatic victims that the old teacher avoids	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer inspires the big doctors that the little friend encourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer knows the huge men that the sad girl discourages	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer knows the big uncles that the joyful aunt understands	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer stimulates the large women that the big girl confuses	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful man criticizes the small farmers that the miserable woman avoids	singular	plural	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man criticizes the large guys that the tiny boy inspires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable man criticizes the ecstatic victims that the small friend avoids	singular	plural	singular	criticize	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young man criticizes the happy women that the sad guy remembers	singular	plural	singular	criticize	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful man engages the happy mothers that the ecstatic uncle confuses	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small man greets the little athletes that the sad guy stimulates	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old man observes the tiny farmers that the big teacher understands	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old man remembers the little aunts that the sad lawyer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small man understands the huge farmers that the large singer admires	singular	plural	singular	understand	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother avoids the old girls that the small teacher engages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mother avoids the huge victims that the joyful doctor discourages	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mother criticizes the joyful teachers that the tiny singer understands	singular	plural	singular	criticize	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mother encourages the young kids that the huge carpenter stimulates	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother engages the huge fathers that the ecstatic farmer encourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mother greets the big farmers that the little friend avoids	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother greets the joyful uncles that the huge athlete confuses	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mother knows the small boys that the large kid confuses	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother observes the young fathers that the small guy engages	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother stimulates the ecstatic women that the little boy inspires	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother understands the miserable men that the little teacher stimulates	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mother understands the happy women that the old uncle remembers	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poet admires the huge girls that the happy man inspires	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet admires the happy victims that the miserable boy encourages	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poet confuses the ecstatic victims that the small farmer inspires	singular	plural	singular	confuse	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet encourages the young men that the small kid inspires	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poet engages the small singers that the miserable boy avoids	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poet inspires the small carpenters that the happy victim stimulates	singular	plural	singular	inspire	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet inspires the old girls that the happy boy approves	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poet knows the big kids that the sad man observes	singular	plural	singular	know	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poet stimulates the young kids that the miserable woman knows	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer approves the sad farmers that the huge victim observes	singular	plural	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singer criticizes the small girls that the large victim admires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer knows the ecstatic carpenters that the huge friend inspires	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer observes the old athletes that the sad aunt greets	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teacher admires the joyful fathers that the huge kid engages	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher admires the ecstatic poets that the small athlete criticizes	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher approves the tiny women that the old farmer observes	singular	plural	singular	approve	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher confuses the small boys that the huge guy discourages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teacher confuses the tiny farmers that the small poet understands	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher confuses the old uncles that the small friend encourages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher discourages the big kids that the old poet engages	singular	plural	singular	discourage	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teacher encourages the small kids that the little athlete avoids	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher inspires the miserable carpenters that the little man discourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teacher inspires the small poets that the joyful guy encourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teacher knows the young mothers that the miserable friend admires	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teacher understands the ecstatic poets that the tiny uncle remembers	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncle admires the young teachers that the joyful woman confuses	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncle confuses the happy lawyers that the ecstatic mother discourages	singular	plural	singular	confuse	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle encourages the joyful women that the little aunt admires	singular	plural	singular	encourage	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncle greets the little poets that the large teacher stimulates	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle inspires the joyful carpenters that the small singer encourages	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncle observes the tiny aunts that the huge carpenter criticizes	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncle remembers the happy guys that the young boy approves	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncle stimulates the huge guys that the ecstatic athlete observes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim admires the joyful men that the big kid criticizes	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victim discourages the joyful girls that the large poet inspires	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim encourages the happy lawyers that the big woman confuses	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victim greets the miserable kids that the little farmer observes	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victim inspires the sad guys that the joyful friend remembers	singular	plural	singular	inspire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim observes the little aunts that the young lawyer knows	singular	plural	singular	observe	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim observes the happy poets that the joyful singer inspires	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victim remembers the big farmers that the young aunt greets	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victim stimulates the old athletes that the huge uncle encourages	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victim stimulates the large guys that the little doctor criticizes	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim understands the sad friends that the tiny athlete approves	singular	plural	singular	understand	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman admires the tiny victims that the little boy remembers	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman avoids the happy friends that the little carpenter criticizes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman avoids the huge victims that the old doctor observes	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge woman confuses the joyful athletes that the sad mother knows	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy woman confuses the ecstatic aunts that the sad singer stimulates	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman criticizes the ecstatic boys that the happy father admires	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman encourages the tiny friends that the huge mother discourages	singular	plural	singular	encourage	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman engages the sad lawyers that the tiny doctor encourages	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad woman knows the happy teachers that the tiny mother admires	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman observes the sad aunts that the small girl stimulates	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young woman understands the huge singers that the little aunt knows	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old woman understands the miserable uncles that the big girl observes	singular	plural	singular	understand	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete avoids the huge farmers that the happy poets understand	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete avoids the sad girls that the tiny aunts criticize	singular	plural	plural	avoid	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete avoids the tiny girls that the big men stimulate	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athlete encourages the tiny aunts that the sad victims criticize	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athlete greets the happy doctors that the young poets discourage	singular	plural	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete knows the large guys that the young boys approve	singular	plural	plural	know	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athlete observes the big poets that the happy men confuse	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athlete stimulates the little friends that the huge carpenters engage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athlete understands the small women that the young singers observe	singular	plural	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunt admires the small guys that the large friends greet	singular	plural	plural	admire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt approves the young boys that the huge fathers admire	singular	plural	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt criticizes the huge farmers that the young kids discourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt criticizes the large uncles that the old victims remember	singular	plural	plural	criticize	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt discourages the large singers that the ecstatic farmers engage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt encourages the little friends that the big guys admire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunt engages the young uncles that the happy girls observe	singular	plural	plural	engage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunt inspires the ecstatic athletes that the old guys confuse	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunt inspires the small men that the happy mothers approve	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunt remembers the large carpenters that the ecstatic mothers know	singular	plural	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunt remembers the joyful guys that the old farmers avoid	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy admires the big fathers that the old kids avoid	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boy approves the joyful victims that the young carpenters criticize	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy confuses the young uncles that the big victims know	singular	plural	plural	confuse	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boy criticizes the large fathers that the tiny aunts observe	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boy discourages the joyful lawyers that the large kids engage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boy encourages the young carpenters that the joyful girls discourage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy encourages the miserable friends that the old fathers criticize	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boy engages the tiny athletes that the ecstatic farmers admire	singular	plural	plural	engage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boy engages the happy farmers that the little guys remember	singular	plural	plural	engage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy greets the ecstatic singers that the young carpenters inspire	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy knows the old mothers that the sad girls discourage	singular	plural	plural	know	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boy observes the ecstatic doctors that the sad athletes encourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boy understands the tiny poets that the large aunts criticize	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter admires the large aunts that the big teachers inspire	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter approves the miserable kids that the small victims know	singular	plural	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenter approves the old victims that the joyful women criticize	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter confuses the sad teachers that the large girls approve	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenter discourages the ecstatic friends that the old boys encourage	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter discourages the young kids that the ecstatic poets observe	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter encourages the miserable poets that the big singers criticize	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenter encourages the tiny uncles that the ecstatic poets remember	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter engages the old friends that the little fathers greet	singular	plural	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young carpenter engages the small kids that the little girls avoid	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter observes the ecstatic kids that the happy girls criticize	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter remembers the ecstatic doctors that the young girls engage	singular	plural	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter understands the little teachers that the huge singers admire	singular	plural	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenter understands the huge uncles that the ecstatic women remember	singular	plural	plural	understand	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor admires the joyful teachers that the large friends discourage	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctor approves the ecstatic girls that the young poets know	singular	plural	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor approves the happy men that the miserable aunts admire	singular	plural	plural	approve	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor avoids the joyful uncles that the ecstatic men greet	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctor criticizes the little uncles that the miserable teachers discourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor criticizes the happy women that the young uncles observe	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor encourages the sad fathers that the miserable men understand	singular	plural	plural	encourage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctor engages the sad carpenters that the small fathers inspire	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctor greets the young athletes that the miserable singers engage	singular	plural	plural	greet	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctor inspires the large athletes that the miserable fathers know	singular	plural	plural	inspire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor inspires the huge boys that the little aunts greet	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctor inspires the little mothers that the huge lawyers admire	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctor stimulates the old friends that the sad teachers approve	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer approves the sad mothers that the little fathers engage	singular	plural	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmer discourages the small doctors that the old poets approve	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmer discourages the joyful girls that the small uncles know	singular	plural	plural	discourage	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmer engages the big doctors that the ecstatic guys inspire	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer engages the joyful girls that the big boys greet	singular	plural	plural	engage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmer greets the sad girls that the happy men remember	singular	plural	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmer inspires the happy friends that the big guys greet	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer inspires the huge girls that the large athletes encourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmer inspires the huge poets that the old girls discourage	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmer knows the large friends that the ecstatic fathers engage	singular	plural	plural	know	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmer remembers the joyful athletes that the little kids inspire	singular	plural	plural	remember	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer stimulates the small girls that the tiny teachers discourage	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young father admires the little doctors that the huge farmers know	singular	plural	plural	admire	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big father approves the old teachers that the small women inspire	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge father observes the small kids that the little doctors approve	singular	plural	plural	observe	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable father remembers the tiny carpenters that the big mothers discourage	singular	plural	plural	remember	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small father stimulates the large mothers that the little friends criticize	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little father understands the joyful farmers that the old women inspire	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friend admires the tiny doctors that the huge fathers understand	singular	plural	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friend approves the little victims that the huge women know	singular	plural	plural	approve	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend encourages the huge boys that the miserable guys admire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friend observes the small fathers that the miserable farmers discourage	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girl approves the small doctors that the ecstatic lawyers observe	singular	plural	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girl approves the little uncles that the old men remember	singular	plural	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girl avoids the ecstatic carpenters that the huge guys know	singular	plural	plural	avoid	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl confuses the ecstatic victims that the miserable singers avoid	singular	plural	plural	confuse	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl encourages the huge mothers that the little poets discourage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girl engages the old teachers that the big poets approve	singular	plural	plural	engage	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girl greets the sad aunts that the old kids discourage	singular	plural	plural	greet	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girl greets the little boys that the small uncles admire	singular	plural	plural	greet	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad girl inspires the huge doctors that the small carpenters stimulate	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girl inspires the ecstatic singers that the huge aunts admire	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girl observes the joyful carpenters that the ecstatic farmers know	singular	plural	plural	observe	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girl observes the large farmers that the joyful teachers admire	singular	plural	plural	observe	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guy admires the huge doctors that the ecstatic girls discourage	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guy approves the large athletes that the little fathers observe	singular	plural	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guy criticizes the big victims that the large farmers engage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy discourages the small victims that the old singers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	discourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guy engages the large lawyers that the ecstatic boys avoid	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guy greets the young singers that the small uncles confuse	singular	plural	plural	greet	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guy understands the huge women that the tiny kids admire	singular	plural	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid admires the joyful athletes that the small boys criticize	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kid admires the joyful mothers that the large women approve	singular	plural	plural	admire	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kid approves the happy friends that the ecstatic singers confuse	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid criticizes the sad boys that the small athletes stimulate	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kid engages the miserable men that the tiny lawyers understand	singular	plural	plural	engage	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kid greets the little guys that the large athletes criticize	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid inspires the young doctors that the joyful mothers greet	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kid observes the sad friends that the happy uncles confuse	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kid stimulates the sad lawyers that the ecstatic mothers greet	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kid stimulates the sad mothers that the huge women confuse	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kid stimulates the ecstatic victims that the huge carpenters inspire	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer admires the little girls that the ecstatic men observe	singular	plural	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer admires the sad singers that the young teachers engage	singular	plural	plural	admire	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyer confuses the little farmers that the happy singers discourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyer inspires the old athletes that the miserable doctors confuse	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer knows the big athletes that the huge friends admire	singular	plural	plural	know	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyer observes the little girls that the happy friends remember	singular	plural	plural	observe	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyer observes the large mothers that the joyful women admire	singular	plural	plural	observe	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyer stimulates the joyful fathers that the little kids greet	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyer stimulates the young girls that the little boys greet	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer understands the huge men that the joyful victims observe	singular	plural	plural	understand	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small man admires the miserable farmers that the tiny singers criticize	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man avoids the young teachers that the large farmers criticize	singular	plural	plural	avoid	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge man confuses the sad fathers that the young farmers engage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man confuses the tiny victims that the huge women remember	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man criticizes the happy poets that the old singers admire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man criticizes the big singers that the young teachers admire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man discourages the ecstatic fathers that the huge aunts greet	singular	plural	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy man discourages the young victims that the miserable doctors inspire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young man encourages the joyful doctors that the miserable poets inspire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old man engages the little boys that the big fathers criticize	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large man inspires the miserable uncles that the sad kids admire	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad man observes the tiny girls that the young friends inspire	singular	plural	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mother admires the small men that the big girls observe	singular	plural	plural	admire	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mother confuses the huge fathers that the sad women know	singular	plural	plural	confuse	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mother criticizes the small singers that the joyful teachers approve	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mother encourages the old farmers that the tiny singers inspire	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mother engages the miserable poets that the large men confuse	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother inspires the ecstatic men that the tiny friends greet	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mother knows the tiny friends that the sad aunts remember	singular	plural	plural	know	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mother observes the tiny carpenters that the huge doctors greet	singular	plural	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mother stimulates the happy girls that the miserable friends criticize	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poet approves the miserable boys that the little singers inspire	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poet criticizes the young doctors that the ecstatic kids approve	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poet criticizes the little mothers that the miserable farmers greet	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poet criticizes the happy mothers that the young victims observe	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet encourages the sad fathers that the big friends confuse	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poet greets the huge lawyers that the ecstatic kids stimulate	singular	plural	plural	greet	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poet greets the old victims that the big singers criticize	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poet inspires the small aunts that the sad farmers greet	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer approves the big uncles that the joyful men avoid	singular	plural	plural	approve	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer confuses the tiny kids that the little carpenters greet	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singer criticizes the happy uncles that the miserable fathers admire	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singer discourages the old athletes that the joyful poets greet	singular	plural	plural	discourage	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old singer encourages the miserable teachers that the big women engage	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singer observes the joyful doctors that the ecstatic kids know	singular	plural	plural	observe	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singer observes the tiny girls that the old teachers admire	singular	plural	plural	observe	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singer understands the happy doctors that the young carpenters confuse	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teacher approves the joyful fathers that the miserable athletes inspire	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teacher avoids the happy aunts that the small athletes engage	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teacher confuses the happy boys that the sad men approve	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teacher discourages the huge friends that the miserable girls admire	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher observes the sad friends that the young lawyers inspire	singular	plural	plural	observe	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teacher remembers the ecstatic boys that the tiny lawyers know	singular	plural	plural	remember	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher remembers the little men that the old uncles engage	singular	plural	plural	remember	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher understands the little poets that the tiny mothers greet	singular	plural	plural	understand	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle admires the happy guys that the little boys remember	singular	plural	plural	admire	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle confuses the sad men that the huge doctors stimulate	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncle criticizes the small doctors that the ecstatic teachers observe	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncle discourages the huge poets that the small doctors confuse	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncle encourages the tiny farmers that the young girls stimulate	singular	plural	plural	encourage	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncle knows the ecstatic aunts that the tiny fathers criticize	singular	plural	plural	know	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim approves the little boys that the large kids engage	singular	plural	plural	approve	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim approves the ecstatic women that the joyful men remember	singular	plural	plural	approve	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim confuses the happy lawyers that the huge teachers greet	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victim confuses the joyful mothers that the small teachers encourage	singular	plural	plural	confuse	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victim greets the large carpenters that the ecstatic singers admire	singular	plural	plural	greet	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victim greets the little lawyers that the large mothers understand	singular	plural	plural	greet	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim greets the big men that the old lawyers avoid	singular	plural	plural	greet	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victim remembers the big guys that the sad aunts observe	singular	plural	plural	remember	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victim stimulates the tiny mothers that the ecstatic athletes understand	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victim understands the sad doctors that the large boys criticize	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman admires the tiny doctors that the small lawyers understand	singular	plural	plural	admire	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large woman approves the little farmers that the sad guys observe	singular	plural	plural	approve	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman approves the sad farmers that the happy mothers inspire	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman avoids the tiny poets that the big uncles criticize	singular	plural	plural	avoid	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young woman criticizes the large friends that the ecstatic singers stimulate	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large woman criticizes the miserable kids that the little boys encourage	singular	plural	plural	criticize	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young woman engages the old uncles that the sad kids discourage	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman greets the large farmers that the old poets admire	singular	plural	plural	greet	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young woman greets the small farmers that the tiny victims remember	singular	plural	plural	greet	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little woman inspires the big kids that the large men avoid	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful woman inspires the large mothers that the ecstatic victims understand	singular	plural	plural	inspire	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large woman knows the little fathers that the old uncles greet	singular	plural	plural	know	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman observes the happy guys that the big athletes criticize	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny woman observes the ecstatic teachers that the miserable kids greet	singular	plural	plural	observe	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young woman stimulates the huge doctors that the happy friends inspire	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small woman understands the old athletes that the huge kids know	singular	plural	plural	understand	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable woman understands the sad kids that the ecstatic fathers admire	singular	plural	plural	understand	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes admire the little guy that the old friend encourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athletes approve the tiny farmer that the small poet understands	plural	singular	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge athletes encourage the miserable carpenter that the young teacher admires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athletes engage the old lawyer that the little woman remembers	plural	singular	singular	engages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athletes know the little friend that the big aunt remembers	plural	singular	singular	knows	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athletes observe the miserable singer that the young doctor stimulates	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes remember the ecstatic friend that the miserable father inspires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes stimulate the ecstatic carpenter that the small guy engages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts admire the ecstatic athlete that the huge friend engages	plural	singular	singular	admires	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts approve the young doctor that the sad athlete stimulates	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts confuse the small father that the huge guy observes	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad aunts criticize the big victim that the tiny father inspires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunts criticize the young victim that the old girl observes	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts encourage the big farmer that the young athlete stimulates	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts encourage the big girl that the happy uncle approves	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts encourage the miserable guy that the tiny boy discourages	plural	singular	singular	encourages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts greet the young woman that the large victim discourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts inspire the old farmer that the miserable victim avoids	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts observe the ecstatic carpenter that the miserable man confuses	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunts observe the joyful carpenter that the large teacher avoids	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts remember the small father that the large kid greets	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts remember the young mother that the big lawyer admires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boys admire the ecstatic athlete that the joyful aunt encourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys admire the joyful kid that the small girl remembers	plural	singular	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys admire the happy uncle that the huge father approves	plural	singular	singular	admires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boys approve the tiny farmer that the old singer observes	plural	singular	singular	approves	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys approve the ecstatic poet that the big singer remembers	plural	singular	singular	approves	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys avoid the tiny victim that the small doctor admires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys encourage the little man that the miserable woman avoids	plural	singular	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys engage the happy man that the sad uncle stimulates	plural	singular	singular	engages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boys engage the joyful uncle that the little lawyer observes	plural	singular	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys engage the little woman that the large guy admires	plural	singular	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy boys greet the sad singer that the large guy inspires	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys inspire the tiny athlete that the large doctor stimulates	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys know the joyful singer that the small girl stimulates	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny boys observe the sad mother that the little father inspires	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys observe the tiny singer that the ecstatic girl avoids	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys observe the old teacher that the large guy stimulates	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys remember the miserable mother that the small man knows	plural	singular	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters approve the small woman that the joyful doctor observes	plural	singular	singular	approves	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters discourage the little athlete that the big farmer stimulates	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters discourage the large woman that the huge boy admires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters inspire the old farmer that the ecstatic singer avoids	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters remember the huge boy that the old victim encourages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters remember the tiny girl that the young poet admires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors approve the large teacher that the ecstatic girl observes	plural	singular	singular	approves	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctors criticize the little lawyer that the joyful man inspires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctors encourage the old lawyer that the joyful aunt admires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors inspire the little guy that the young poet encourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors inspire the tiny victim that the big boy greets	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors know the young friend that the big teacher stimulates	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors know the old man that the big singer understands	plural	singular	singular	knows	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors observe the joyful lawyer that the huge athlete criticizes	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors remember the big guy that the small uncle approves	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors stimulate the sad guy that the ecstatic singer knows	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmers criticize the tiny father that the ecstatic victim remembers	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers criticize the sad man that the ecstatic guy engages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge farmers encourage the small boy that the old lawyer greets	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers greet the large man that the joyful mother inspires	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers inspire the little carpenter that the young boy understands	plural	singular	singular	inspires	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers observe the happy lawyer that the sad singer avoids	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers stimulate the joyful man that the happy victim confuses	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmers understand the ecstatic girl that the small athlete stimulates	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers understand the old girl that the sad man knows	plural	singular	singular	understands	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmers understand the large man that the young poet criticizes	plural	singular	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers approve the miserable girl that the happy teacher engages	plural	singular	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big fathers approve the large mother that the joyful victim stimulates	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers avoid the sad woman that the young athlete engages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers avoid the young woman that the big aunt confuses	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers engage the ecstatic doctor that the tiny victim avoids	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large fathers engage the small doctor that the big woman admires	plural	singular	singular	engages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers remember the big aunt that the joyful woman encourages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers understand the small carpenter that the young teacher observes	plural	singular	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big fathers understand the joyful friend that the ecstatic aunt confuses	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends admire the sad boy that the big farmer encourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends avoid the ecstatic farmer that the joyful woman stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends avoid the sad teacher that the little lawyer understands	plural	singular	singular	avoids	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends criticize the ecstatic carpenter that the small singer inspires	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friends discourage the sad farmer that the small carpenter admires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friends discourage the large mother that the ecstatic boy approves	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends encourage the old aunt that the little father approves	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends encourage the ecstatic guy that the sad aunt observes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends encourage the big man that the joyful singer greets	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friends greet the large uncle that the big teacher observes	plural	singular	singular	greets	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friends inspire the happy singer that the large victim approves	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends stimulate the happy teacher that the huge man discourages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friends understand the happy man that the young boy engages	plural	singular	singular	understands	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friends understand the huge man that the sad farmer confuses	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls criticize the sad poet that the old carpenter confuses	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girls encourage the big uncle that the sad farmer discourages	plural	singular	singular	encourages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls encourage the miserable victim that the ecstatic farmer admires	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls engage the small kid that the joyful mother encourages	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girls greet the small mother that the miserable friend knows	plural	singular	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girls observe the huge victim that the happy father understands	plural	singular	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girls remember the miserable boy that the small athlete discourages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys admire the happy carpenter that the old aunt avoids	plural	singular	singular	admires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys avoid the ecstatic friend that the joyful kid greets	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys confuse the young woman that the happy mother discourages	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys discourage the little poet that the old farmer inspires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge guys encourage the tiny athlete that the young girl engages	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys engage the joyful father that the old victim inspires	plural	singular	singular	engages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys know the miserable doctor that the sad woman encourages	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys know the huge victim that the sad mother criticizes	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little guys stimulate the big teacher that the young victim confuses	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids admire the ecstatic man that the huge aunt understands	plural	singular	singular	admires	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids criticize the ecstatic boy that the tiny poet engages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids discourage the little poet that the huge athlete knows	plural	singular	singular	discourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids discourage the tiny singer that the young man admires	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kids greet the big girl that the miserable athlete stimulates	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kids inspire the old singer that the large lawyer remembers	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids observe the miserable girl that the huge guy understands	plural	singular	singular	observes	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kids observe the small lawyer that the ecstatic aunt engages	plural	singular	singular	observes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids remember the huge lawyer that the young uncle admires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids remember the miserable uncle that the small singer engages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old kids understand the young athlete that the tiny farmer admires	plural	singular	singular	understands	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers avoid the ecstatic boy that the small farmer inspires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers avoid the little doctor that the sad victim criticizes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers avoid the big mother that the little man stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers criticize the ecstatic doctor that the small kid observes	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small lawyers criticize the joyful woman that the little guy stimulates	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers observe the old kid that the happy farmer encourages	plural	singular	singular	observes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers remember the huge doctor that the old girl greets	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers remember the huge teacher that the young athlete admires	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers stimulate the old girl that the miserable teacher greets	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers understand the young singer that the old teacher remembers	plural	singular	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men avoid the big boy that the happy woman admires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy men discourage the miserable uncle that the ecstatic farmer criticizes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny men engage the large lawyer that the ecstatic aunt greets	plural	singular	singular	engages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny men engage the big lawyer that the joyful poet greets	plural	singular	singular	engages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small men know the large farmer that the little friend criticizes	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men remember the big girl that the tiny singer knows	plural	singular	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old men understand the joyful farmer that the small woman knows	plural	singular	singular	understands	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men understand the huge woman that the big friend avoids	plural	singular	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers admire the little poet that the old farmer confuses	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers approve the tiny boy that the young guy inspires	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers avoid the small athlete that the old aunt inspires	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers avoid the small boy that the tiny kid stimulates	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers criticize the little farmer that the sad friend discourages	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers discourage the sad father that the old poet encourages	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers discourage the large poet that the joyful kid criticizes	plural	singular	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge mothers engage the sad friend that the happy poet avoids	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers engage the sad kid that the joyful poet confuses	plural	singular	singular	engages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers inspire the huge father that the large lawyer encourages	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers observe the happy doctor that the large lawyer confuses	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers stimulate the sad guy that the little singer avoids	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers stimulate the huge kid that the young victim criticizes	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poets approve the young mother that the joyful victim encourages	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poets avoid the miserable man that the little farmer observes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poets encourage the small aunt that the tiny doctor confuses	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy poets stimulate the big farmer that the miserable guy engages	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singers approve the little victim that the tiny poet understands	plural	singular	singular	approves	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers criticize the small boy that the little athlete stimulates	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers discourage the young kid that the little guy understands	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singers greet the happy guy that the tiny uncle criticizes	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers know the sad kid that the small athlete observes	plural	singular	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers know the little man that the large guy stimulates	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singers know the tiny uncle that the joyful teacher inspires	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singers observe the little kid that the big father avoids	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers avoid the old boy that the young doctor remembers	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers avoid the happy doctor that the old victim encourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers criticize the big girl that the little friend confuses	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teachers criticize the joyful uncle that the young mother observes	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teachers greet the huge father that the joyful athlete stimulates	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers observe the happy athlete that the miserable doctor greets	plural	singular	singular	observes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers remember the sad lawyer that the tiny doctor observes	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teachers stimulate the young athlete that the small guy confuses	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles admire the huge boy that the miserable girl encourages	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncles admire the miserable woman that the tiny boy remembers	plural	singular	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles approve the happy girl that the miserable victim avoids	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncles avoid the miserable farmer that the old aunt remembers	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles avoid the little poet that the young mother criticizes	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncles avoid the ecstatic victim that the sad father approves	plural	singular	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncles criticize the big farmer that the old man avoids	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles criticize the young lawyer that the tiny mother greets	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young uncles greet the large athlete that the big lawyer knows	plural	singular	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles inspire the small singer that the large poet greets	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncles observe the tiny doctor that the little kid stimulates	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncles observe the small guy that the large father criticizes	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims avoid the big farmer that the small athlete discourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims avoid the miserable poet that the small teacher understands	plural	singular	singular	avoids	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims avoid the happy singer that the large woman approves	plural	singular	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims avoid the tiny teacher that the joyful doctor discourages	plural	singular	singular	avoids	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims avoid the young uncle that the happy friend knows	plural	singular	singular	avoids	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims discourage the small aunt that the huge uncle stimulates	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims engage the big friend that the joyful guy criticizes	plural	singular	singular	engages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims greet the happy uncle that the small guy observes	plural	singular	singular	greets	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims inspire the sad uncle that the big farmer avoids	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims observe the happy father that the little girl criticizes	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victims observe the little mother that the miserable uncle confuses	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims remember the large woman that the small friend discourages	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims understand the big carpenter that the young kid greets	plural	singular	singular	understands	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny women discourage the huge athlete that the small guy confuses	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable women discourage the ecstatic carpenter that the young athlete understands	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women encourage the little friend that the sad athlete engages	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women encourage the miserable lawyer that the old doctor observes	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women greet the huge mother that the sad friend encourages	plural	singular	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women inspire the little boy that the joyful carpenter approves	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women observe the happy aunt that the tiny friend inspires	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable women remember the happy carpenter that the old athlete understands	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young women stimulate the miserable poet that the small singer avoids	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes approve the happy guy that the little teachers know	plural	singular	plural	approves	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athletes avoid the ecstatic guy that the little uncles criticize	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes confuse the little woman that the small doctors admire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes discourage the joyful uncle that the sad lawyers understand	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes encourage the little father that the large guys stimulate	plural	singular	plural	encourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athletes encourage the happy mother that the huge aunts confuse	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes greet the large kid that the old aunts remember	plural	singular	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athletes inspire the little father that the old lawyers observe	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes inspire the joyful lawyer that the ecstatic poets engage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athletes know the tiny farmer that the happy uncles avoid	plural	singular	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes know the joyful guy that the little farmers greet	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes observe the small guy that the young farmers inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athletes remember the ecstatic aunt that the joyful victims greet	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athletes stimulate the joyful aunt that the old farmers encourage	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunts approve the huge lawyer that the large carpenters admire	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunts avoid the joyful friend that the little doctors inspire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts confuse the tiny mother that the old women discourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts discourage the tiny doctor that the sad fathers engage	plural	singular	plural	discourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunts inspire the sad poet that the small athletes criticize	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts stimulate the joyful carpenter that the young lawyers avoid	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunts stimulate the huge doctor that the young fathers avoid	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys admire the huge farmer that the young girls avoid	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys criticize the joyful singer that the little lawyers remember	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old boys discourage the sad farmer that the big carpenters encourage	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boys discourage the little poet that the large kids inspire	plural	singular	plural	discourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys engage the large carpenter that the joyful guys discourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys know the large man that the young doctors discourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys know the sad man that the joyful women remember	plural	singular	plural	knows	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable boys know the large woman that the little aunts engage	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys observe the sad kid that the miserable farmers inspire	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters confuse the ecstatic farmer that the tiny friends stimulate	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters confuse the ecstatic lawyer that the joyful uncles understand	plural	singular	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters encourage the large man that the huge guys criticize	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters engage the ecstatic girl that the huge doctors greet	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors approve the miserable athlete that the big guys engage	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors approve the little woman that the young guys admire	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors confuse the huge athlete that the large guys criticize	plural	singular	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors discourage the little lawyer that the young mothers confuse	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors encourage the joyful guy that the young singers confuse	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young doctors encourage the ecstatic man that the tiny aunts remember	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors greet the happy girl that the big teachers discourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors know the miserable farmer that the old carpenters approve	plural	singular	plural	knows	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors know the ecstatic woman that the happy friends admire	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors observe the joyful singer that the young boys engage	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors understand the joyful man that the large uncles greet	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers confuse the tiny father that the joyful poets criticize	plural	singular	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers encourage the huge athlete that the tiny carpenters admire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers encourage the young uncle that the big women inspire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers engage the sad lawyer that the big teachers encourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers greet the miserable aunt that the little fathers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small farmers greet the sad boy that the large friends discourage	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old farmers greet the happy father that the joyful singers engage	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers know the little aunt that the sad women encourage	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmers know the ecstatic girl that the big poets greet	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers understand the sad doctor that the joyful singers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers admire the young doctor that the little mothers engage	plural	singular	plural	admires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers encourage the small boy that the ecstatic farmers engage	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big fathers greet the huge poet that the little lawyers observe	plural	singular	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers greet the big woman that the miserable girls engage	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers stimulate the big friend that the young doctors criticize	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad fathers stimulate the small friend that the tiny teachers avoid	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers understand the tiny victim that the huge kids inspire	plural	singular	plural	understands	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friends admire the huge father that the sad lawyers remember	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friends admire the joyful poet that the huge athletes remember	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge friends approve the joyful aunt that the old girls encourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friends approve the miserable boy that the old singers remember	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends approve the big poet that the large boys discourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friends avoid the happy man that the joyful kids encourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends confuse the large singer that the little carpenters stimulate	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends criticize the little mother that the old lawyers avoid	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends criticize the tiny woman that the old athletes confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big friends discourage the joyful doctor that the little men remember	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends engage the happy guy that the small athletes know	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad friends greet the ecstatic woman that the large singers admire	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friends stimulate the joyful farmer that the tiny men criticize	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends understand the sad teacher that the huge farmers engage	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girls avoid the huge father that the ecstatic poets greet	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls avoid the large father that the young teachers know	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls confuse the joyful uncle that the ecstatic victims encourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys admire the tiny aunt that the ecstatic singers remember	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys admire the big carpenter that the huge uncles inspire	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guys approve the sad woman that the joyful mothers discourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guys avoid the miserable aunt that the joyful men discourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys avoid the big farmer that the small lawyers greet	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys confuse the small lawyer that the happy boys encourage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys confuse the miserable mother that the ecstatic teachers greet	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guys confuse the young victim that the joyful boys approve	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys discourage the young lawyer that the ecstatic girls stimulate	plural	singular	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guys encourage the ecstatic farmer that the large poets criticize	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys engage the large man that the sad women stimulate	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny guys engage the sad teacher that the joyful poets know	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guys greet the happy poet that the huge athletes approve	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guys inspire the small doctor that the huge lawyers avoid	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys inspire the little father that the happy girls engage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys inspire the huge man that the ecstatic aunts avoid	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys know the large farmer that the big doctors admire	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guys observe the old farmer that the happy women avoid	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys observe the happy lawyer that the huge victims discourage	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small guys remember the little poet that the young boys understand	plural	singular	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guys stimulate the large father that the old teachers remember	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guys stimulate the large girl that the tiny farmers remember	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids admire the small athlete that the old uncles encourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids avoid the joyful friend that the tiny athletes approve	plural	singular	plural	avoids	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids avoid the ecstatic man that the old boys encourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kids avoid the joyful poet that the happy farmers confuse	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids confuse the joyful guy that the happy farmers engage	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kids criticize the ecstatic boy that the joyful athletes approve	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids criticize the young victim that the happy uncles discourage	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids encourage the ecstatic athlete that the small farmers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	encourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kids know the big aunt that the tiny men admire	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids observe the big woman that the joyful victims understand	plural	singular	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kids understand the tiny father that the small carpenters approve	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers admire the happy doctor that the old guys observe	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers admire the happy farmer that the young mothers avoid	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers avoid the joyful father that the miserable victims remember	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers avoid the happy guy that the small victims discourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers remember the old kid that the little fathers understand	plural	singular	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers remember the tiny victim that the young boys greet	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers understand the little guy that the big friends approve	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful men admire the miserable doctor that the huge athletes greet	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men confuse the old poet that the miserable fathers understand	plural	singular	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men encourage the miserable farmer that the big carpenters inspire	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men engage the huge aunt that the ecstatic girls observe	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful men engage the tiny kid that the huge teachers encourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men greet the tiny farmer that the happy doctors know	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men greet the young uncle that the ecstatic guys confuse	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small men inspire the happy aunt that the tiny poets avoid	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad men inspire the tiny lawyer that the miserable guys observe	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men inspire the small singer that the huge fathers criticize	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge men observe the joyful kid that the ecstatic victims discourage	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men remember the big athlete that the huge fathers approve	plural	singular	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men remember the old woman that the miserable lawyers avoid	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men stimulate the young kid that the old guys inspire	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men understand the young doctor that the small kids stimulate	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young mothers admire the sad friend that the joyful victims understand	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers approve the small farmer that the happy doctors know	plural	singular	plural	approves	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large mothers encourage the small friend that the little boys criticize	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers engage the tiny boy that the large men admire	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers inspire the young doctor that the old girls discourage	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers understand the happy man that the little lawyers stimulate	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets admire the happy athlete that the small uncles approve	plural	singular	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poets admire the small teacher that the sad boys encourage	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poets approve the small aunt that the little lawyers inspire	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets approve the joyful kid that the large singers avoid	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets avoid the huge woman that the large lawyers confuse	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets confuse the miserable teacher that the little kids admire	plural	singular	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poets discourage the large lawyer that the huge women know	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny poets engage the joyful uncle that the large mothers greet	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poets greet the tiny farmer that the big boys confuse	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poets remember the huge girl that the old friends encourage	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets understand the huge uncle that the young aunts encourage	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers admire the little woman that the ecstatic friends know	plural	singular	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers approve the large uncle that the tiny aunts greet	plural	singular	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers avoid the tiny poet that the sad girls understand	plural	singular	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers avoid the large woman that the old poets criticize	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singers confuse the sad carpenter that the joyful kids stimulate	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers criticize the small teacher that the little farmers know	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers criticize the small victim that the ecstatic poets confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singers discourage the miserable man that the small friends stimulate	plural	singular	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singers encourage the joyful woman that the miserable girls know	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers engage the happy uncle that the tiny boys greet	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers greet the tiny girl that the joyful boys confuse	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers greet the young woman that the old guys remember	plural	singular	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge singers inspire the young teacher that the old doctors avoid	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singers inspire the small teacher that the sad mothers criticize	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers know the little teacher that the joyful victims engage	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teachers admire the huge friend that the large lawyers criticize	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers know the huge aunt that the happy fathers avoid	plural	singular	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big teachers observe the miserable father that the small farmers understand	plural	singular	plural	observes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad teachers understand the miserable girl that the ecstatic fathers confuse	plural	singular	plural	understands	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncles avoid the old athlete that the joyful aunts stimulate	plural	singular	plural	avoids	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles avoid the little teacher that the small aunts discourage	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles confuse the old aunt that the big doctors criticize	plural	singular	plural	confuses	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles discourage the ecstatic father that the tiny aunts understand	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles engage the joyful father that the sad kids discourage	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles greet the little guy that the sad poets understand	plural	singular	plural	greets	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles greet the happy victim that the old teachers know	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncles know the miserable poet that the tiny boys criticize	plural	singular	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncles understand the happy aunt that the ecstatic singers greet	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims approve the old father that the happy athletes greet	plural	singular	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victims avoid the ecstatic boy that the tiny lawyers remember	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victims avoid the joyful woman that the small kids admire	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims criticize the big girl that the small carpenters remember	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims criticize the sad man that the big aunts confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims criticize the miserable man that the big teachers confuse	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims discourage the big poet that the miserable farmers know	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims greet the little farmer that the huge poets remember	plural	singular	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little victims inspire the sad woman that the ecstatic kids know	plural	singular	plural	inspires	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victims remember the large father that the small athletes criticize	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims remember the miserable teacher that the young singers greet	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims stimulate the large singer that the ecstatic carpenters understand	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims stimulate the happy uncle that the tiny teachers approve	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victims understand the large kid that the old aunts engage	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women approve the ecstatic teacher that the huge doctors discourage	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young women confuse the joyful poet that the happy singers avoid	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women discourage the big victim that the joyful guys admire	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge women engage the miserable uncle that the little girls understand	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women greet the huge farmer that the tiny lawyers inspire	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy women know the old doctor that the tiny poets criticize	plural	singular	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women know the young guy that the sad poets understand	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes admire the sad poets that the miserable father inspires	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small athletes avoid the ecstatic kids that the sad uncle encourages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big athletes criticize the young mothers that the tiny farmer discourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes encourage the small carpenters that the tiny guy confuses	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes encourage the sad men that the old farmer understands	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes encourage the ecstatic mothers that the miserable father criticizes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athletes engage the huge boys that the sad kid discourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athletes greet the ecstatic boys that the tiny friend stimulates	plural	plural	singular	greets	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad athletes know the ecstatic men that the young lawyer observes	plural	plural	singular	knows	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old athletes observe the happy lawyers that the little farmer remembers	plural	plural	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy athletes stimulate the big lawyers that the miserable kid criticizes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes understand the sad doctors that the happy boy observes	plural	plural	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts discourage the large friends that the ecstatic father understands	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts engage the small carpenters that the huge guy approves	plural	plural	singular	engages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts greet the young friends that the big guy confuses	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts greet the joyful victims that the happy kid criticizes	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old aunts inspire the small fathers that the young lawyer engages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts inspire the young poets that the miserable girl admires	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge aunts understand the ecstatic uncles that the small boy discourages	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big boys admire the young men that the ecstatic teacher inspires	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boys admire the old mothers that the miserable athlete inspires	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boys approve the tiny mothers that the sad girl confuses	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large boys confuse the happy poets that the huge aunt criticizes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys engage the young men that the joyful doctor discourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad boys remember the small victims that the young woman confuses	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys understand the old teachers that the small doctor criticizes	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters approve the small teachers that the old farmer avoids	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters confuse the old guys that the huge girl understands	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old carpenters encourage the miserable girls that the young athlete avoids	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters greet the young fathers that the sad woman criticizes	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters greet the large women that the big doctor knows	plural	plural	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters inspire the sad victims that the large poet criticizes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters observe the big lawyers that the happy man knows	plural	plural	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters stimulate the happy guys that the miserable farmer confuses	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors approve the happy uncles that the sad boy avoids	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors avoid the young boys that the small woman approves	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors avoid the small fathers that the miserable lawyer engages	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctors confuse the old men that the small teacher engages	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors discourage the big boys that the miserable victim criticizes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors discourage the young teachers that the tiny father stimulates	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old doctors greet the ecstatic mothers that the small poet knows	plural	plural	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors inspire the big victims that the tiny uncle knows	plural	plural	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors observe the little singers that the young father criticizes	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors stimulate the little aunts that the happy victim observes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large doctors stimulate the joyful girls that the big uncle remembers	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large farmers avoid the young doctors that the big singer observes	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers confuse the little singers that the small uncle greets	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers encourage the sad kids that the ecstatic guy observes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers encourage the young poets that the ecstatic mother stimulates	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers observe the happy athletes that the huge friend avoids	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers remember the old women that the tiny girl discourages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers stimulate the joyful boys that the huge lawyer avoids	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers approve the young poets that the large doctor avoids	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy fathers confuse the little doctors that the miserable singer inspires	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers encourage the old athletes that the huge lawyer engages	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big fathers encourage the little women that the joyful teacher criticizes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers inspire the large lawyers that the huge man knows	plural	plural	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers understand the huge teachers that the happy farmer approves	plural	plural	singular	understands	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends criticize the joyful farmers that the old father greets	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends criticize the sad women that the little man observes	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friends discourage the big girls that the ecstatic man remembers	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friends inspire the old doctors that the ecstatic victim avoids	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friends know the miserable carpenters that the joyful aunt greets	plural	plural	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends know the happy mothers that the little farmer encourages	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small friends remember the big mothers that the tiny woman understands	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends stimulate the happy boys that the huge girl confuses	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny friends stimulate the young guys that the miserable victim avoids	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friends understand the large athletes that the young teacher avoids	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friends understand the young singers that the little girl approves	plural	plural	singular	understands	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful girls admire the old carpenters that the miserable guy avoids	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small girls admire the happy friends that the tiny teacher remembers	plural	plural	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girls admire the old kids that the big friend stimulates	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls avoid the young mothers that the small singer remembers	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big girls confuse the small athletes that the large kid remembers	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls criticize the young guys that the miserable aunt encourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls criticize the young singers that the joyful woman avoids	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls discourage the miserable friends that the big kid confuses	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls discourage the old men that the tiny teacher remembers	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young girls discourage the large teachers that the tiny guy criticizes	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls encourage the small farmers that the big woman approves	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls encourage the miserable men that the small victim stimulates	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls encourage the ecstatic victims that the sad uncle knows	plural	plural	singular	encourages	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girls greet the huge carpenters that the large mother inspires	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls greet the sad poets that the miserable man discourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls remember the happy friends that the ecstatic farmer avoids	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls stimulate the happy uncles that the old farmer admires	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys admire the tiny mothers that the ecstatic athlete discourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young guys approve the large aunts that the little boy knows	plural	plural	singular	approves	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys approve the happy friends that the small singer engages	plural	plural	singular	approves	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large guys avoid the miserable girls that the sad uncle approves	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable guys discourage the ecstatic poets that the tiny father approves	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys observe the miserable victims that the small friend inspires	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old guys remember the big poets that the large singer approves	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys understand the happy friends that the old boy greets	plural	plural	singular	understands	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids confuse the old singers that the large lawyer avoids	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids criticize the happy boys that the big woman engages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kids criticize the old guys that the huge uncle stimulates	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids criticize the happy uncles that the huge girl admires	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids engage the ecstatic boys that the huge man approves	plural	plural	singular	engages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids engage the joyful fathers that the sad carpenter discourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids inspire the big carpenters that the little father confuses	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids know the small guys that the large farmer engages	plural	plural	singular	knows	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge kids observe the joyful friends that the large lawyer engages	plural	plural	singular	observes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids observe the huge guys that the big girl discourages	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kids remember the old teachers that the ecstatic poet observes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers admire the happy poets that the sad guy criticizes	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers approve the small guys that the tiny victim encourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers avoid the huge kids that the little athlete stimulates	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers criticize the miserable friends that the big poet discourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young lawyers discourage the small guys that the joyful aunt approves	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers encourage the old guys that the large uncle approves	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers inspire the big boys that the young carpenter stimulates	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers remember the miserable farmers that the small man criticizes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers stimulate the joyful men that the miserable teacher remembers	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young men approve the big lawyers that the ecstatic father avoids	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small men encourage the young lawyers that the miserable girl greets	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small men engage the little doctors that the happy poet discourages	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old men observe the miserable doctors that the joyful poet remembers	plural	plural	singular	observes	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big men remember the little girls that the sad poet understands	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men remember the small mothers that the happy farmer discourages	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men understand the old aunts that the miserable athlete engages	plural	plural	singular	understands	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small men understand the ecstatic girls that the huge guy avoids	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men understand the huge lawyers that the miserable carpenter avoids	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge men understand the little uncles that the tiny guy remembers	plural	plural	singular	understands	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers approve the big fathers that the small aunt avoids	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers criticize the young poets that the big teacher engages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small mothers encourage the tiny lawyers that the little guy remembers	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers encourage the happy teachers that the joyful singer approves	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers engage the little uncles that the old victim stimulates	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mothers engage the sad women that the big guy approves	plural	plural	singular	engages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers know the young friends that the old singer avoids	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers observe the huge carpenters that the miserable athlete inspires	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poets admire the ecstatic farmers that the old girl remembers	plural	plural	singular	admires	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poets admire the small guys that the joyful father encourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets confuse the huge carpenters that the sad aunt criticizes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets confuse the small uncles that the big girl approves	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small poets criticize the joyful mothers that the big singer confuses	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets discourage the big boys that the miserable girl engages	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets encourage the happy mothers that the huge man inspires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets greet the ecstatic carpenters that the large farmer inspires	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets greet the big doctors that the small teacher discourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets inspire the miserable athletes that the happy mother criticizes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets inspire the young aunts that the tiny boy knows	plural	plural	singular	inspires	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poets inspire the large boys that the sad athlete admires	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets know the large friends that the little woman greets	plural	plural	singular	knows	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little poets stimulate the tiny carpenters that the ecstatic victim engages	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets stimulate the miserable guys that the large friend knows	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers admire the old carpenters that the tiny father inspires	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singers avoid the big athletes that the huge carpenter approves	plural	plural	singular	avoids	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers criticize the little farmers that the large friend approves	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers discourage the tiny doctors that the sad lawyer stimulates	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulate
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers greet the ecstatic lawyers that the young doctor knows	plural	plural	singular	greets	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny singers remember the miserable aunts that the small mother criticizes	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little singers remember the big farmers that the tiny girl knows	plural	plural	singular	remembers	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad singers stimulate the old boys that the big kid criticizes	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers understand the ecstatic fathers that the small man approves	plural	plural	singular	understands	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers approve the tiny carpenters that the old friend discourages	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers criticize the little victims that the joyful friend observes	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge teachers encourage the large aunts that the happy poet criticizes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large teachers encourage the joyful women that the sad poet approves	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers greet the huge kids that the happy victim remembers	plural	plural	singular	greets	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers inspire the old friends that the tiny mother encourages	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy teachers observe the big friends that the sad singer admires	plural	plural	singular	observes	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers observe the small lawyers that the sad kid knows	plural	plural	singular	observes	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teachers remember the huge carpenters that the ecstatic poet approves	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers understand the big men that the ecstatic lawyer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncles admire the huge boys that the tiny teacher knows	plural	plural	singular	admires	know
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncles admire the huge doctors that the old poet engages	plural	plural	singular	admires	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles confuse the young farmers that the little woman approves	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles confuse the large kids that the old guy approves	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles confuse the little men that the small teacher criticizes	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles confuse the joyful mothers that the large father remembers	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remember
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles criticize the huge victims that the tiny friend discourages	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles encourage the ecstatic athletes that the little singer observes	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles encourage the little men that the huge lawyer engages	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles engage the small carpenters that the tiny father observes	plural	plural	singular	engages	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles engage the big lawyers that the little victim greets	plural	plural	singular	engages	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncles greet the tiny mothers that the happy teacher encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncles inspire the happy kids that the little poet criticizes	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big uncles know the miserable boys that the little lawyer criticizes	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticize
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old uncles know the small women that the miserable doctor avoids	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncles observe the huge fathers that the old boy avoids	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles remember the little doctors that the young carpenter admires	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small uncles understand the large athletes that the ecstatic lawyer engages	plural	plural	singular	understands	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles understand the little men that the huge doctor approves	plural	plural	singular	understands	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims admire the huge guys that the tiny athlete engages	plural	plural	singular	admires	engage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge victims approve the joyful poets that the little athlete confuses	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuse
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims avoid the old lawyers that the joyful father admires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims encourage the huge aunts that the big uncle inspires	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims encourage the huge mothers that the tiny lawyer discourages	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old victims greet the small guys that the miserable aunt avoids	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women admire the little fathers that the big teacher encourages	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women avoid the large boys that the sad uncle inspires	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspire
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge women avoid the ecstatic farmers that the happy doctor observes	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small women criticize the tiny men that the happy lawyer avoids	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoid
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge women greet the young farmers that the tiny victim understands	plural	plural	singular	greets	understand
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women greet the old friends that the miserable athlete encourages	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourage
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful women remember the young singers that the ecstatic poet greets	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greet
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable women stimulate the joyful men that the little mother approves	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approve
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large women understand the sad mothers that the joyful kid observes	plural	plural	singular	understands	observe
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes admire the old poets that the huge singers encourage	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athletes avoid the joyful boys that the small girls discourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes confuse the young doctors that the sad singers admire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large athletes confuse the big victims that the sad guys engage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes criticize the sad carpenters that the miserable guys greet	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little athletes know the old victims that the miserable carpenters greet	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young athletes observe the tiny poets that the huge victims admire	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts approve the ecstatic farmers that the large singers confuse	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small aunts approve the miserable kids that the sad guys observe	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunts avoid the big boys that the tiny farmers inspire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts avoid the huge girls that the tiny victims understand	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy aunts confuse the old men that the large singers remember	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large aunts discourage the joyful boys that the old men know	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunts discourage the happy mothers that the little friends approve	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts encourage the miserable kids that the young fathers discourage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little aunts engage the happy mothers that the old women criticize	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunts greet the sad men that the tiny lawyers confuse	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young aunts know the old boys that the ecstatic fathers encourage	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts know the ecstatic men that the young doctors admire	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big aunts stimulate the ecstatic teachers that the joyful friends confuse	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boys admire the young athletes that the joyful kids engage	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young boys approve the huge lawyers that the happy friends confuse	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boys criticize the miserable carpenters that the big kids confuse	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys discourage the big lawyers that the small victims avoid	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys discourage the young mothers that the little lawyers approve	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys engage the young carpenters that the old mothers discourage	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys inspire the young carpenters that the happy women discourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small boys observe the huge athletes that the happy doctors greet	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful boys observe the happy poets that the young uncles inspire	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge boys stimulate the small carpenters that the big women encourage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little boys stimulate the huge men that the large girls admire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys stimulate the small men that the huge uncles inspire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big carpenters engage the old kids that the tiny mothers understand	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small carpenters observe the large friends that the sad farmers approve	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters observe the old kids that the small aunts approve	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little carpenters stimulate the big teachers that the old lawyers inspire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large carpenters understand the little mothers that the big friends stimulate	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors admire the large kids that the little lawyers know	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctors admire the sad uncles that the large guys avoid	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors approve the big uncles that the sad aunts greet	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors avoid the joyful singers that the old poets admire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy doctors avoid the miserable singers that the small uncles inspire	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors confuse the ecstatic friends that the little victims observe	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge doctors discourage the big aunts that the small carpenters remember	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctors encourage the small fathers that the joyful singers confuse	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors engage the small mothers that the happy farmers understand	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big doctors know the ecstatic girls that the tiny mothers inspire	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little doctors know the young mothers that the big women confuse	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors remember the sad men that the large athletes avoid	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small doctors remember the happy uncles that the old carpenters inspire	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors understand the huge boys that the sad carpenters greet	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad doctors understand the miserable kids that the huge poets engage	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmers admire the miserable boys that the small mothers greet	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers approve the happy lawyers that the small uncles inspire	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers criticize the tiny doctors that the large guys avoid	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young farmers discourage the sad doctors that the joyful victims admire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers encourage the small teachers that the young doctors observe	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big farmers greet the miserable doctors that the huge mothers confuse	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers inspire the huge friends that the small teachers avoid	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy farmers inspire the joyful uncles that the young guys admire	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little farmers know the happy athletes that the miserable mothers understand	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad farmers stimulate the huge athletes that the happy guys greet	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large fathers approve the huge guys that the ecstatic uncles greet	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little fathers avoid the big kids that the young athletes criticize	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers encourage the big farmers that the sad athletes engage	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers engage the joyful teachers that the large mothers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large fathers greet the miserable aunts that the little athletes observe	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old fathers greet the tiny women that the young guys know	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge fathers know the ecstatic carpenters that the small men inspire	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little friends admire the young kids that the joyful farmers approve	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends approve the large teachers that the little victims admire	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old friends confuse the ecstatic victims that the little men know	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends discourage the little aunts that the old guys confuse	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy friends encourage the joyful girls that the tiny farmers know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable friends encourage the big mothers that the huge women inspire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful friends engage the young poets that the sad aunts admire	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large friends observe the small singers that the miserable mothers avoid	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young friends observe the huge uncles that the tiny athletes greet	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends remember the miserable lawyers that the big carpenters understand	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends stimulate the large women that the young mothers observe	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls avoid the ecstatic fathers that the sad aunts encourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy girls greet the miserable guys that the young women admire	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large girls inspire the little men that the small victims admire	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable girls observe the happy uncles that the ecstatic mothers inspire	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girls remember the little fathers that the miserable doctors confuse	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old girls remember the miserable poets that the happy victims engage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little girls stimulate the young women that the big athletes approve	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny girls understand the huge mothers that the big aunts criticize	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge girls understand the small women that the large mothers remember	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys avoid the large friends that the tiny doctors engage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad guys confuse the old teachers that the joyful doctors inspire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy guys discourage the sad athletes that the large men remember	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big guys remember the old lawyers that the joyful doctors approve	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful guys remember the large poets that the huge doctors confuse	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small kids admire the large teachers that the joyful poets remember	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kids approve the tiny aunts that the little mothers avoid	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids approve the huge fathers that the small lawyers encourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy kids approve the little mothers that the young women criticize	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable kids avoid the small poets that the tiny lawyers criticize	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad kids confuse the little teachers that the happy victims avoid	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids criticize the old boys that the big teachers inspire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful kids criticize the tiny mothers that the happy singers inspire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny kids greet the miserable mothers that the huge girls stimulate	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large kids inspire the small doctors that the happy men approve	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big kids observe the large girls that the happy men discourage	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kids remember the tiny farmers that the joyful uncles engage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little kids remember the young singers that the miserable carpenters greet	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young kids remember the joyful uncles that the sad fathers criticize	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers approve the large athletes that the miserable boys confuse	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers confuse the happy aunts that the ecstatic poets inspire	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers confuse the miserable kids that the small girls understand	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers criticize the ecstatic victims that the joyful mothers engage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers discourage the young aunts that the small doctors know	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers discourage the huge men that the sad aunts inspire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers greet the small guys that the old victims encourage	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers greet the little kids that the joyful farmers criticize	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers greet the joyful teachers that the young mothers know	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big lawyers greet the happy uncles that the small aunts understand	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers inspire the little poets that the tiny guys understand	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old lawyers inspire the ecstatic teachers that the happy girls greet	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers stimulate the young boys that the big poets engage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large lawyers stimulate the joyful singers that the young victims engage	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little lawyers understand the young uncles that the miserable farmers remember	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large men admire the miserable farmers that the sad teachers confuse	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men approve the tiny boys that the big poets understand	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy men avoid the large kids that the tiny poets encourage	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful men criticize the big guys that the tiny girls understand	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young men criticize the miserable singers that the small doctors approve	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny men encourage the happy teachers that the joyful athletes know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big men engage the miserable boys that the young farmers understand	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small men know the sad carpenters that the old farmers criticize	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men know the young singers that the old guys remember	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men observe the big singers that the ecstatic teachers admire	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big men stimulate the happy doctors that the old kids observe	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men stimulate the small friends that the young teachers inspire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful men stimulate the huge kids that the old teachers understand	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little men stimulate the huge victims that the small poets criticize	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers approve the large boys that the sad doctors greet	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers avoid the sad farmers that the large friends understand	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad mothers confuse the large boys that the little women approve	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers confuse the small friends that the large singers approve	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers encourage the joyful boys that the small athletes inspire	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old mothers engage the sad fathers that the huge girls stimulate	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers greet the sad athletes that the huge boys inspire	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big mothers know the large teachers that the happy carpenters avoid	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little mothers remember the large poets that the happy carpenters confuse	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy mothers understand the sad uncles that the large kids confuse	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poets approve the old girls that the huge boys engage	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poets confuse the ecstatic women that the young aunts observe	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large poets criticize the old guys that the ecstatic farmers admire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets criticize the ecstatic singers that the joyful kids stimulate	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young poets engage the small mothers that the tiny carpenters stimulate	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets greet the tiny guys that the happy victims avoid	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge poets greet the young men that the miserable aunts criticize	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable poets inspire the happy aunts that the young teachers criticize	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poets inspire the young guys that the huge carpenters remember	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old poets know the sad aunts that the happy mothers understand	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful poets remember the small carpenters that the little lawyers criticize	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big poets stimulate the happy singers that the ecstatic lawyers greet	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad poets understand the big women that the miserable farmers confuse	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young singers admire the miserable uncles that the joyful friends greet	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy singers confuse the old boys that the small girls encourage	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large singers discourage the huge guys that the miserable teachers remember	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful singers encourage the big poets that the ecstatic victims avoid	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small singers greet the joyful doctors that the big victims engage	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable singers inspire the young guys that the tiny men discourage	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big singers understand the sad doctors that the happy fathers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old teachers inspire the sad men that the little singers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers observe the little uncles that the big farmers confuse	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers remember the big girls that the old singers stimulate	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young teachers understand the ecstatic doctors that the little singers remember	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small teachers understand the joyful fathers that the big uncles admire	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers understand the large mothers that the happy singers know	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large uncles approve the little kids that the tiny teachers encourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncles avoid the miserable victims that the tiny doctors remember	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The huge uncles criticize the ecstatic boys that the large men approve	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncles criticize the miserable girls that the big friends observe	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles criticize the little lawyers that the sad teachers inspire	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles criticize the little teachers that the huge mothers approve	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy uncles discourage the small boys that the ecstatic friends inspire	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little uncles discourage the sad teachers that the joyful men stimulate	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles inspire the young guys that the big doctors observe	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles know the small aunts that the large lawyers understand	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad uncles stimulate the small fathers that the miserable carpenters admire	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victims approve the miserable farmers that the small boys discourage	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The large victims criticize the small carpenters that the sad doctors engage	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The happy victims discourage the miserable poets that the old farmers engage	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The miserable victims encourage the happy carpenters that the little girls know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big victims encourage the huge fathers that the large farmers know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young victims encourage the large women that the huge aunts know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The joyful victims engage the old farmers that the ecstatic boys know	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad victims remember the small teachers that the young fathers engage	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The small victims stimulate the little poets that the joyful friends confuse	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The tiny victims understand the young teachers that the sad aunts admire	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young women admire the sad carpenters that the little girls greet	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The young women criticize the miserable girls that the joyful farmers observe	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The little women encourage the happy victims that the tiny friends know	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The sad women greet the huge lawyers that the big mothers remember	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The big women understand the happy guys that the large doctors avoid	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
objdep_objrel_that_adj	The old women understand the sad victims that the joyful men confuse	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young athlete that approves the ecstatic doctor observes the big guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that approves the ecstatic singer admires the tiny teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The large athlete that avoids the old mother inspires the huge girl	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that confuses the tiny poet admires the miserable kid	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that criticizes the happy father discourages the joyful farmer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large athlete that discourages the old uncle knows the sad woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that inspires the joyful singer understands the small victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that stimulates the ecstatic girl observes the sad man	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that understands the young aunt stimulates the ecstatic woman	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that understands the large boy discourages the huge man	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that understands the old woman inspires the little farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunt that approves the happy friend discourages the large uncle	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that approves the small man observes the tiny girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that approves the huge teacher stimulates the tiny guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that confuses the happy father criticizes the small friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that confuses the little lawyer stimulates the sad victim	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that criticizes the small farmer understands the large uncle	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that discourages the joyful lawyer confuses the old farmer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that discourages the sad victim confuses the little kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that greets the ecstatic carpenter understands the little singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that greets the miserable father observes the huge athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that observes the miserable singer avoids the sad man	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that stimulates the ecstatic father knows the old carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young boy that admires the big man approves the old girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boy that approves the large girl observes the happy athlete	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boy that avoids the joyful farmer observes the miserable teacher	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that criticizes the sad athlete stimulates the young father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that criticizes the miserable lawyer inspires the old athlete	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old boy that greets the miserable father discourages the happy victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young boy that knows the tiny mother confuses the miserable doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that observes the small singer avoids the ecstatic farmer	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boy that understands the tiny kid admires the miserable father	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boy that understands the miserable mother knows the joyful victim	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that admires the old poet understands the ecstatic father	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that confuses the ecstatic aunt knows the big kid	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that confuses the huge aunt stimulates the tiny guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that confuses the little singer stimulates the young kid	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that confuses the miserable victim discourages the sad poet	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that greets the miserable kid approves the small singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that remembers the sad lawyer avoids the large mother	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that stimulates the ecstatic victim encourages the big uncle	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that stimulates the big victim inspires the huge athlete	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that understands the old lawyer observes the huge father	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that understands the young woman remembers the large singer	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that admires the little girl remembers the sad father	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that admires the miserable guy knows the big poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that approves the huge carpenter inspires the young athlete	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that avoids the ecstatic teacher admires the big father	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that criticizes the little woman stimulates the big girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that encourages the huge victim engages the joyful poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that inspires the ecstatic girl stimulates the miserable boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that confuses the large aunt observes the joyful teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmer that discourages the tiny uncle avoids the little lawyer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that engages the old poet knows the small guy	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that greets the small father criticizes the tiny athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmer that observes the miserable aunt remembers the young mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that observes the big boy greets the tiny girl	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmer that stimulates the ecstatic aunt understands the happy doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that stimulates the large singer observes the small woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that understands the small kid greets the little carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big father that approves the joyful woman engages the little singer	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable father that confuses the happy poet approves the small mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad father that encourages the little singer understands the old farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad father that greets the miserable friend understands the little guy	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big father that inspires the sad lawyer observes the ecstatic guy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable father that knows the young boy confuses the huge doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that knows the young man admires the small boy	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big father that stimulates the small farmer criticizes the young lawyer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that stimulates the large farmer discourages the tiny aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that approves the young father greets the old man	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friend that approves the joyful kid greets the ecstatic victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large friend that confuses the tiny singer inspires the huge kid	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young friend that criticizes the joyful kid inspires the tiny aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old friend that criticizes the joyful kid stimulates the little doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that encourages the tiny victim approves the old woman	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that engages the miserable teacher admires the little mother	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that inspires the huge girl engages the happy farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friend that inspires the tiny guy engages the small victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small friend that knows the old uncle understands the miserable boy	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friend that observes the joyful man discourages the little athlete	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that observes the sad singer avoids the old aunt	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small friend that observes the big singer confuses the little lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friend that remembers the huge aunt observes the small poet	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The small friend that remembers the sad girl avoids the little victim	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friend that stimulates the ecstatic lawyer admires the young victim	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that understands the tiny boy inspires the happy farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that understands the miserable doctor approves the ecstatic woman	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big girl that admires the large mother discourages the little lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big girl that approves the ecstatic singer engages the happy athlete	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big girl that confuses the joyful victim remembers the huge carpenter	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young girl that encourages the sad father knows the huge victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that engages the tiny athlete remembers the young man	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that engages the small lawyer knows the miserable victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that inspires the young aunt observes the joyful guy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that remembers the old man stimulates the miserable farmer	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that stimulates the tiny woman engages the old uncle	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girl that understands the ecstatic carpenter engages the huge woman	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girl that understands the happy lawyer admires the large father	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girl that understands the miserable mother knows the little doctor	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girl that understands the large teacher avoids the joyful kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The old guy that avoids the joyful man stimulates the large friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guy that criticizes the sad woman encourages the small athlete	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that engages the miserable mother approves the huge carpenter	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that observes the big farmer avoids the young uncle	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that observes the ecstatic father remembers the small aunt	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The big guy that remembers the young doctor engages the huge uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that admires the ecstatic boy remembers the small victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that admires the big poet discourages the happy man	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that approves the ecstatic uncle confuses the large victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that approves the little woman observes the sad farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that confuses the big aunt remembers the huge boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that confuses the large father understands the miserable aunt	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that discourages the large athlete observes the sad girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that engages the small poet greets the happy guy	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that greets the happy man knows the big victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kid that observes the tiny farmer avoids the large poet	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that understands the happy farmer encourages the young father	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small kid that understands the sad girl engages the little farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that admires the little uncle confuses the tiny father	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that confuses the young singer knows the big girl	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that criticizes the happy doctor engages the huge boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that discourages the miserable poet criticizes the small aunt	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that discourages the ecstatic teacher avoids the happy doctor	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that discourages the old teacher avoids the huge poet	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that greets the happy father avoids the large girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that greets the young girl inspires the tiny guy	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that greets the large teacher encourages the little kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that knows the miserable poet encourages the happy athlete	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that observes the large farmer knows the little woman	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that observes the happy farmer stimulates the joyful kid	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little man that confuses the tiny uncle admires the sad guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful man that discourages the ecstatic woman stimulates the small singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny man that inspires the small doctor engages the little boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful man that stimulates the miserable lawyer greets the large boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mother that admires the little doctor avoids the young girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that admires the old man discourages the big poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that approves the small athlete inspires the happy carpenter	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that avoids the small carpenter observes the miserable kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young mother that confuses the miserable carpenter stimulates the old father	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that confuses the young uncle criticizes the joyful singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mother that greets the large singer criticizes the joyful poet	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that inspires the large doctor stimulates the joyful guy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that knows the young lawyer encourages the joyful teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that remembers the large farmer understands the miserable victim	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that understands the large kid knows the small singer	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big poet that admires the little carpenter engages the old victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that discourages the joyful doctor approves the miserable girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poet that greets the old doctor discourages the miserable friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little poet that knows the young friend understands the miserable man	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poet that knows the miserable teacher understands the tiny carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old poet that remembers the joyful carpenter understands the small guy	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big singer that admires the ecstatic boy understands the happy athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that confuses the large man knows the huge doctor	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that encourages the small farmer admires the happy carpenter	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small singer that engages the joyful uncle knows the big boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that greets the small lawyer approves the joyful mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that observes the old boy remembers the miserable friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that understands the miserable kid discourages the young carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big teacher that admires the little aunt inspires the tiny kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The large teacher that admires the big girl approves the ecstatic uncle	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that avoids the old uncle confuses the joyful doctor	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that confuses the tiny boy observes the joyful doctor	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old teacher that encourages the ecstatic poet understands the joyful girl	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that greets the old victim stimulates the miserable girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small teacher that knows the sad singer observes the tiny doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big teacher that knows the young uncle discourages the miserable girl	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that observes the tiny carpenter confuses the miserable lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old teacher that understands the tiny farmer admires the large father	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small teacher that understands the tiny father encourages the sad farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that avoids the miserable lawyer knows the big aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that confuses the tiny girl engages the sad aunt	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that criticizes the small kid greets the little carpenter	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that criticizes the old teacher discourages the miserable mother	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that discourages the young doctor observes the little teacher	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that discourages the big mother confuses the large girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that inspires the miserable doctor admires the huge mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that knows the ecstatic singer admires the happy man	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that knows the ecstatic singer encourages the joyful girl	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that observes the ecstatic guy criticizes the huge boy	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that remembers the huge friend greets the ecstatic poet	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that stimulates the big athlete encourages the huge boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that avoids the big singer greets the tiny lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victim that confuses the ecstatic kid observes the huge doctor	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little victim that criticizes the huge carpenter knows the old aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that criticizes the huge girl understands the joyful teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little victim that greets the joyful singer observes the huge doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victim that knows the old boy inspires the tiny poet	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that observes the happy friend engages the sad mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victim that stimulates the sad singer observes the little poet	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that understands the miserable kid criticizes the old man	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that avoids the sad doctor knows the small kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge woman that avoids the sad teacher greets the miserable uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that confuses the sad victim engages the joyful athlete	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad woman that criticizes the tiny singer avoids the ecstatic girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that discourages the little poet observes the small singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that engages the miserable guy stimulates the little teacher	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad woman that greets the big friend approves the ecstatic singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The happy woman that knows the big carpenter observes the tiny aunt	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old woman that observes the young kid greets the small lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large woman that stimulates the young victim engages the sad singer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that confuses the joyful father engages the large mothers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that confuses the young mother approves the tiny poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that confuses the big woman understands the large friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that engages the big aunt admires the huge kids	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that greets the happy girl avoids the little mothers	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that greets the huge singer observes the miserable friends	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that knows the joyful kid criticizes the old girls	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that knows the big mother criticizes the tiny aunts	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young athlete that observes the old guy avoids the happy women	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that stimulates the young boy admires the small fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that understands the little woman approves the big friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that admires the big poet confuses the tiny singers	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunt that approves the huge father greets the small uncles	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that approves the large friend understands the young teachers	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that avoids the huge friend engages the tiny boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that encourages the huge girl discourages the ecstatic carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that encourages the big kid knows the miserable lawyers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that encourages the sad uncle greets the ecstatic women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that engages the little teacher remembers the ecstatic boys	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that greets the young boy discourages the joyful farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that greets the joyful guy admires the small kids	singular	singular	plural	greet	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that knows the big teacher avoids the happy fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that stimulates the joyful singer criticizes the sad victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunt that understands the little man criticizes the sad girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that understands the joyful uncle stimulates the large friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that understands the tiny woman remembers the big lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that admires the joyful mother approves the tiny women	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that approves the old guy inspires the small farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young boy that criticizes the miserable singer stimulates the big victims	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that greets the large doctor observes the young victims	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that remembers the big farmer criticizes the old aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old boy that understands the little friend observes the ecstatic girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that admires the sad lawyer confuses the old women	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that approves the young victim understands the old kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that discourages the old lawyer criticizes the joyful uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that remembers the young aunt confuses the small girls	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that remembers the large farmer engages the young uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that understands the big singer stimulates the sad athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that admires the old friend inspires the tiny teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctor that avoids the tiny boy knows the big men	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that avoids the little poet approves the happy mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctor that criticizes the huge man stimulates the young friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that discourages the tiny aunt avoids the large girls	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that encourages the little girl remembers the tiny men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that encourages the little victim observes the joyful kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that engages the miserable aunt approves the old friends	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that engages the huge singer greets the little women	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that engages the young uncle remembers the tiny girls	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that confuses the tiny boy observes the sad fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmer that knows the old friend avoids the joyful singers	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that knows the old guy approves the miserable poets	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmer that observes the small carpenter inspires the old teachers	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that observes the small singer admires the young aunts	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that understands the large mother discourages the huge teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that avoids the miserable guy criticizes the large mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that confuses the sad boy stimulates the miserable kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big father that criticizes the miserable lawyer stimulates the large singers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big father that encourages the tiny guy knows the joyful friends	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable father that engages the big boy understands the ecstatic guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny father that greets the old guy inspires the sad uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that greets the happy teacher approves the miserable guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable father that remembers the ecstatic carpenter confuses the old boys	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that remembers the small guy criticizes the huge singers	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that admires the large aunt inspires the big doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that avoids the young farmer criticizes the joyful guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old friend that confuses the big teacher understands the small victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that discourages the joyful woman stimulates the old men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small friend that encourages the tiny guy greets the large singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that encourages the sad lawyer inspires the old men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small friend that engages the joyful mother knows the ecstatic girls	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friend that greets the joyful carpenter approves the big lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friend that inspires the joyful carpenter confuses the ecstatic uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young friend that knows the large girl criticizes the small men	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friend that knows the sad kid observes the little women	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old friend that knows the tiny victim remembers the large farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that observes the happy guy admires the big girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that stimulates the happy singer knows the sad poets	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that understands the miserable teacher inspires the old uncles	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that encourages the ecstatic father greets the sad uncles	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that knows the huge boy understands the joyful men	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that knows the tiny lawyer avoids the miserable fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big girl that observes the joyful guy remembers the little lawyers	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girl that remembers the small friend criticizes the old boys	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that understands the little man criticizes the happy teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that understands the sad uncle encourages the young lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that admires the small victim engages the big singers	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that confuses the young farmer criticizes the miserable friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big guy that encourages the young victim stimulates the miserable carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young guy that inspires the ecstatic man understands the small lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that avoids the sad aunt encourages the ecstatic fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that criticizes the little carpenter avoids the happy friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that criticizes the huge friend observes the sad boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The small kid that discourages the sad teacher inspires the young women	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little kid that encourages the big farmer avoids the joyful carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that encourages the big man admires the huge farmers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that engages the ecstatic father knows the huge girls	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that engages the young teacher knows the little lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that greets the large victim encourages the joyful lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that greets the joyful woman confuses the miserable men	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that inspires the tiny father avoids the large poets	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that approves the ecstatic teacher observes the small victims	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that confuses the tiny guy knows the sad singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that confuses the ecstatic kid avoids the huge guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that engages the old aunt understands the sad teachers	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that engages the old carpenter approves the huge women	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that greets the happy mother understands the joyful singers	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that observes the old carpenter stimulates the huge mothers	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that observes the sad guy confuses the joyful victims	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that stimulates the large teacher observes the huge victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little man that admires the tiny boy remembers the miserable poets	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small man that admires the ecstatic carpenter criticizes the large kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy man that approves the huge uncle avoids the young carpenters	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that confuses the tiny mother engages the little kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that confuses the old teacher encourages the joyful doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny man that discourages the joyful farmer admires the old victims	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that discourages the miserable friend inspires the tiny kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that encourages the huge singer confuses the young kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that inspires the miserable boy engages the large poets	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that inspires the big guy admires the young boys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that remembers the little friend knows the young farmers	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny man that remembers the big woman observes the happy victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The small man that stimulates the young lawyer greets the huge women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The happy man that understands the big father knows the huge teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that admires the sad uncle greets the happy kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small mother that avoids the young uncle encourages the huge poets	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that avoids the miserable woman remembers the young teachers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that discourages the huge father inspires the large uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mother that engages the young boy remembers the huge victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mother that inspires the ecstatic guy avoids the little lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that knows the miserable athlete stimulates the huge uncles	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that observes the joyful teacher criticizes the happy guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large mother that remembers the big poet observes the old aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that stimulates the little guy avoids the miserable lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that avoids the happy lawyer encourages the little girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that confuses the happy athlete inspires the big singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that engages the small woman criticizes the sad kids	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that knows the old girl stimulates the sad teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poet that remembers the joyful doctor confuses the sad fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that remembers the huge farmer engages the joyful fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big singer that admires the large farmer greets the old friends	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singer that admires the tiny kid inspires the young boys	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singer that avoids the happy athlete observes the ecstatic girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young singer that avoids the large farmer confuses the old girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small singer that confuses the tiny poet encourages the big victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that criticizes the little boy avoids the joyful men	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that inspires the young athlete remembers the little uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that observes the huge woman remembers the big men	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that remembers the ecstatic lawyer avoids the miserable carpenters	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little singer that understands the miserable friend inspires the small mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that understands the large girl stimulates the big teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that admires the old mother discourages the big doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that approves the old carpenter remembers the huge friends	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that approves the ecstatic woman engages the large kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that confuses the huge victim avoids the ecstatic guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that criticizes the small doctor engages the tiny carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that discourages the big kid criticizes the joyful girls	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The small teacher that discourages the old poet avoids the tiny lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that inspires the big poet encourages the ecstatic victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that observes the happy athlete discourages the old mothers	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that remembers the huge mother understands the small men	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that stimulates the ecstatic doctor engages the happy kids	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that stimulates the old farmer greets the large men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that stimulates the little poet remembers the tiny guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that understands the happy guy admires the big mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that understands the joyful lawyer admires the sad aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that approves the little friend greets the joyful women	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that confuses the old carpenter understands the happy men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that confuses the huge lawyer knows the miserable farmers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that encourages the big teacher observes the miserable victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that inspires the huge poet stimulates the miserable boys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncle that observes the young mother remembers the happy boys	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that stimulates the little athlete confuses the big kids	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that understands the little father admires the young friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that understands the huge father criticizes the young mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that understands the sad father engages the miserable mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that approves the big farmer encourages the large kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large victim that confuses the young aunt inspires the ecstatic men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that confuses the large boy knows the happy aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that confuses the big doctor stimulates the little kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old victim that confuses the small lawyer approves the sad guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that criticizes the large girl remembers the happy friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young victim that criticizes the ecstatic poet engages the happy carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big victim that discourages the ecstatic doctor admires the happy friends	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that engages the happy carpenter knows the big boys	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that inspires the large boy remembers the young women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victim that knows the huge girl greets the miserable women	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that stimulates the ecstatic man avoids the young athletes	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that understands the miserable athlete encourages the joyful mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad woman that admires the huge farmer avoids the miserable friends	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that admires the huge victim stimulates the tiny uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that avoids the large teacher encourages the tiny victims	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that confuses the sad kid knows the ecstatic farmers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large woman that engages the old friend greets the young carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large woman that greets the happy friend admires the small poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that knows the sad aunt confuses the tiny uncles	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that observes the large carpenter approves the old teachers	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that observes the old kid discourages the joyful poets	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that observes the young victim inspires the large poets	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The large woman that stimulates the miserable boy greets the joyful men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small woman that understands the big doctor knows the old teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large athlete that approves the young women criticizes the ecstatic poet	singular	plural	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old athlete that criticizes the little carpenters confuses the huge uncle	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young athlete that criticizes the big kids confuses the large doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that encourages the tiny singers remembers the little guy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young athlete that engages the big carpenters greets the large guy	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young athlete that engages the tiny friends knows the miserable poet	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that greets the ecstatic aunts confuses the sad victim	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big athlete that greets the sad carpenters avoids the happy woman	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that observes the old men avoids the tiny singer	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that observes the big victims criticizes the tiny mother	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that stimulates the small fathers greets the joyful victim	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that stimulates the happy guys admires the small father	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that stimulates the miserable poets inspires the young farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that approves the happy friends stimulates the old teacher	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that avoids the big uncles approves the young teacher	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that confuses the old friends criticizes the little athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that confuses the ecstatic uncles encourages the miserable guy	singular	plural	singular	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that criticizes the small doctors approves the old girl	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunt that criticizes the tiny singers encourages the big father	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that discourages the tiny friends knows the huge girl	singular	plural	singular	discourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that discourages the young friends stimulates the old girl	singular	plural	singular	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that encourages the big women admires the large kid	singular	plural	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that encourages the sad women understands the young uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that engages the big friends knows the young uncle	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that engages the small teachers understands the big poet	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that remembers the young girls discourages the joyful father	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that discourages the young girls stimulates the little kid	singular	plural	singular	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boy that encourages the small kids remembers the little carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boy that engages the big mothers confuses the tiny lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that greets the large aunts discourages the happy lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that greets the ecstatic carpenters remembers the huge doctor	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that inspires the tiny lawyers encourages the sad aunt	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that knows the tiny aunts understands the young singer	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that observes the happy mothers remembers the small kid	singular	plural	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that avoids the big aunts observes the miserable woman	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that confuses the old guys understands the tiny boy	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that confuses the young victims remembers the old lawyer	singular	plural	singular	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that criticizes the little fathers knows the joyful doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that discourages the huge farmers understands the sad uncle	singular	plural	singular	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that encourages the young friends stimulates the little farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that greets the huge athletes discourages the large uncle	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that greets the joyful girls stimulates the little man	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that greets the joyful teachers stimulates the large poet	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that knows the joyful athletes encourages the small girl	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that stimulates the huge guys approves the happy woman	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that stimulates the little men avoids the miserable farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that admires the little men encourages the joyful guy	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that avoids the big carpenters encourages the sad lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that avoids the happy fathers understands the young farmer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that avoids the little friends understands the tiny victim	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctor that avoids the little poets stimulates the ecstatic lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctor that discourages the ecstatic lawyers remembers the large guy	singular	plural	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that encourages the little lawyers admires the big athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that encourages the huge men engages the large guy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that observes the old boys discourages the tiny uncle	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that remembers the old farmers approves the big teacher	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that understands the tiny victims avoids the big teacher	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that admires the sad men understands the small kid	singular	plural	singular	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmer that admires the miserable singers engages the happy mother	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that admires the young women greets the happy girl	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that confuses the small poets inspires the old guy	singular	plural	singular	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmer that discourages the miserable guys inspires the happy teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmer that encourages the little victims admires the happy lawyer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that greets the small aunts encourages the joyful victim	singular	plural	singular	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmer that knows the happy lawyers observes the small uncle	singular	plural	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmer that observes the large aunts stimulates the ecstatic poet	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmer that stimulates the miserable girls encourages the tiny athlete	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that stimulates the miserable lawyers confuses the young doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmer that understands the little friends knows the sad teacher	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that understands the ecstatic mothers confuses the happy friend	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large father that confuses the small aunts criticizes the happy carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that criticizes the sad girls understands the little aunt	singular	plural	singular	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The small father that discourages the ecstatic kids greets the little guy	singular	plural	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad father that engages the miserable farmers remembers the large aunt	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad father that greets the big friends observes the miserable man	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad father that greets the big men criticizes the happy friend	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad father that greets the big poets knows the small lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that_adj	The sad father that inspires the big friends observes the miserable boy	singular	plural	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that knows the ecstatic kids avoids the old poet	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that knows the large victims avoids the ecstatic friend	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable father that observes the big singers remembers the young boy	singular	plural	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad father that remembers the miserable aunts engages the old guy	singular	plural	singular	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that stimulates the tiny farmers criticizes the huge lawyer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge father that understands the happy victims engages the sad athlete	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small friend that admires the huge girls encourages the ecstatic doctor	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that approves the old guys discourages the small girl	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old friend that avoids the happy lawyers remembers the huge guy	singular	plural	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friend that avoids the large women remembers the miserable kid	singular	plural	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small friend that greets the miserable fathers stimulates the big boy	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old friend that greets the large teachers avoids the tiny uncle	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that knows the big guys stimulates the large teacher	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little friend that remembers the happy farmers avoids the joyful athlete	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that remembers the large farmers confuses the ecstatic boy	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friend that remembers the sad singers discourages the small carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that understands the young girls knows the old lawyer	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that admires the old aunts confuses the happy teacher	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that admires the old guys observes the tiny boy	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girl that confuses the tiny fathers engages the large farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuse	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big girl that criticizes the little farmers admires the large uncle	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that criticizes the large kids confuses the small carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girl that encourages the big friends inspires the ecstatic teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girl that engages the ecstatic boys encourages the joyful victim	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that stimulates the ecstatic teachers approves the large mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that avoids the ecstatic boys approves the old girl	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guy that discourages the small singers avoids the huge boy	singular	plural	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guy that encourages the young carpenters avoids the happy singer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that inspires the joyful farmers remembers the old doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that knows the miserable men confuses the sad uncle	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that observes the joyful poets greets the huge athlete	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big guy that stimulates the happy women discourages the young man	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guy that understands the happy poets discourages the little boy	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little kid that admires the miserable teachers confuses the joyful father	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small kid that approves the ecstatic aunts confuses the miserable guy	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little kid that greets the tiny fathers understands the ecstatic friend	singular	plural	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large kid that inspires the small teachers encourages the huge friend	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that observes the big girls avoids the large victim	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that remembers the happy mothers approves the old guy	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The little kid that understands the happy women knows the young singer	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that admires the joyful carpenters stimulates the ecstatic kid	singular	plural	singular	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that admires the tiny girls inspires the small friend	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that admires the ecstatic singers knows the joyful father	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that confuses the little doctors encourages the joyful guy	singular	plural	singular	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that confuses the little girls knows the ecstatic father	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that criticizes the tiny boys admires the huge friend	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that encourages the huge victims engages the large friend	singular	plural	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that engages the young aunts inspires the happy poet	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that approves the big boys engages the little poet	singular	plural	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that avoids the huge poets approves the ecstatic doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that criticizes the young teachers understands the joyful aunt	singular	plural	singular	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that discourages the joyful uncles encourages the miserable athlete	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that engages the little guys stimulates the old teacher	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that greets the huge athletes encourages the young lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that knows the sad boys engages the little kid	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old man that observes the miserable victims confuses the huge kid	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large man that remembers the big fathers admires the little friend	singular	plural	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The large mother that approves the ecstatic friends confuses the small man	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that approves the small uncles engages the young lawyer	singular	plural	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that confuses the miserable women greets the little friend	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large mother that discourages the ecstatic kids criticizes the big uncle	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The small mother that encourages the ecstatic boys avoids the happy victim	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The old mother that engages the ecstatic carpenters remembers the big singer	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young mother that understands the tiny poets admires the joyful guy	singular	plural	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poet that approves the young uncles discourages the ecstatic girl	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poet that avoids the ecstatic athletes discourages the miserable girl	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poet that avoids the joyful uncles criticizes the little girl	singular	plural	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that avoids the huge uncles encourages the joyful singer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poet that avoids the small victims criticizes the old man	singular	plural	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poet that confuses the big doctors remembers the young father	singular	plural	singular	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that confuses the happy singers inspires the ecstatic woman	singular	plural	singular	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that encourages the old farmers stimulates the little athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little poet that greets the joyful men confuses the miserable boy	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poet that understands the big girls knows the happy man	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small singer that approves the huge kids encourages the tiny poet	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that avoids the miserable carpenters approves the little athlete	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that confuses the sad friends approves the ecstatic aunt	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that confuses the small poets approves the big uncle	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The little singer that discourages the big girls confuses the happy doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that greets the small boys understands the happy aunt	singular	plural	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that knows the ecstatic guys engages the large man	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that remembers the tiny teachers admires the big man	singular	plural	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that stimulates the miserable victims remembers the small girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that encourages the joyful farmers approves the small woman	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that inspires the ecstatic aunts knows the miserable victim	singular	plural	singular	inspire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big teacher that observes the huge boys remembers the large mother	singular	plural	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that stimulates the tiny carpenters observes the old poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that stimulates the happy men inspires the small guy	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old teacher that stimulates the large victims discourages the happy singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small teacher that understands the miserable boys criticizes the ecstatic uncle	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that admires the big men greets the sad lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that approves the big men encourages the large victim	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that confuses the tiny friends admires the miserable mother	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that confuses the tiny guys greets the young man	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that criticizes the sad aunts discourages the little man	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that encourages the big farmers avoids the sad mother	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that encourages the old kids stimulates the huge boy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that engages the large aunts approves the tiny carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that greets the large kids inspires the sad lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that greets the old mothers remembers the little aunt	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncle that knows the happy fathers observes the sad guy	singular	plural	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that observes the big kids criticizes the ecstatic mother	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that understands the happy lawyers knows the ecstatic mother	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that approves the big lawyers encourages the little woman	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big victim that avoids the happy uncles encourages the young singer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that confuses the tiny fathers avoids the sad athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large victim that discourages the small uncles approves the ecstatic mother	singular	plural	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old victim that engages the huge singers stimulates the little friend	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victim that knows the little women admires the large guy	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victim that observes the tiny girls confuses the ecstatic singer	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that remembers the happy women observes the young lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that understands the large girls stimulates the small kid	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big victim that understands the huge men admires the ecstatic father	singular	plural	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The large woman that admires the happy singers encourages the big mother	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy woman that approves the little athletes avoids the sad man	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that approves the ecstatic uncles confuses the large poet	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that criticizes the young kids stimulates the huge friend	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy woman that engages the big lawyers knows the young uncle	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that greets the tiny poets avoids the joyful uncle	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge woman that knows the sad friends criticizes the tiny singer	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge woman that observes the small uncles remembers the joyful athlete	singular	plural	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that understands the old carpenters discourages the small man	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young athlete that admires the huge lawyers observes the large doctors	singular	plural	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that admires the sad victims approves the old friends	singular	plural	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small athlete that avoids the big victims confuses the ecstatic lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large athlete that criticizes the tiny lawyers knows the old mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that discourages the joyful guys avoids the small mothers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that observes the small girls avoids the old men	singular	plural	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that remembers the miserable men confuses the small mothers	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that understands the big victims criticizes the happy friends	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that discourages the large women admires the tiny girls	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that encourages the big mothers knows the sad carpenters	singular	plural	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that engages the ecstatic boys discourages the young women	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunt that engages the tiny friends remembers the little guys	singular	plural	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that engages the little men observes the joyful friends	singular	plural	plural	engage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that greets the happy lawyers inspires the little kids	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that inspires the little carpenters admires the tiny doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that observes the old doctors criticizes the tiny athletes	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that observes the big teachers greets the tiny poets	singular	plural	plural	observe	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that remembers the sad teachers observes the old boys	singular	plural	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that understands the sad carpenters knows the joyful teachers	singular	plural	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that understands the old farmers remembers the ecstatic doctors	singular	plural	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that admires the big teachers remembers the ecstatic carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boy that criticizes the small doctors encourages the ecstatic athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old boy that encourages the large athletes admires the ecstatic mothers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that engages the ecstatic women greets the miserable doctors	singular	plural	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boy that greets the tiny women avoids the small uncles	singular	plural	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boy that remembers the miserable girls greets the old women	singular	plural	plural	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that understands the happy guys observes the miserable singers	singular	plural	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that admires the small kids engages the tiny aunts	singular	plural	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that admires the joyful poets engages the huge friends	singular	plural	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that avoids the young doctors understands the small singers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that avoids the joyful girls approves the tiny women	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that avoids the sad poets knows the happy mothers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that confuses the sad aunts avoids the miserable athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that confuses the joyful farmers observes the happy women	singular	plural	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that encourages the small singers confuses the sad lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that engages the big men approves the ecstatic aunts	singular	plural	plural	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that inspires the large athletes remembers the tiny poets	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that knows the small guys greets the miserable teachers	singular	plural	plural	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that observes the small lawyers remembers the joyful mothers	singular	plural	plural	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that understands the miserable uncles confuses the happy friends	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctor that avoids the joyful fathers encourages the little guys	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that confuses the small athletes discourages the happy mothers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that discourages the young lawyers criticizes the big athletes	singular	plural	plural	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that discourages the large mothers stimulates the little aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that engages the young girls inspires the miserable uncles	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that inspires the old carpenters remembers the miserable teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that knows the young aunts engages the large friends	singular	plural	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that remembers the young singers engages the miserable guys	singular	plural	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that criticizes the big kids inspires the happy guys	singular	plural	plural	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that criticizes the young singers understands the joyful fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmer that discourages the miserable athletes greets the old poets	singular	plural	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that encourages the joyful athletes confuses the little victims	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that encourages the huge women engages the tiny teachers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that observes the happy singers avoids the ecstatic doctors	singular	plural	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that remembers the joyful singers discourages the old mothers	singular	plural	plural	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that understands the huge girls confuses the ecstatic uncles	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that understands the large guys approves the young friends	singular	plural	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that understands the ecstatic teachers criticizes the huge lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that admires the joyful aunts understands the old doctors	singular	plural	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that approves the large lawyers engages the big athletes	singular	plural	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny father that approves the ecstatic mothers understands the large carpenters	singular	plural	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge father that engages the little kids observes the big victims	singular	plural	plural	engage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The small father that greets the large boys encourages the big teachers	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge father that inspires the joyful mothers admires the happy friends	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that knows the large women engages the small boys	singular	plural	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small father that remembers the old lawyers knows the little uncles	singular	plural	plural	remember	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big father that stimulates the huge friends observes the miserable boys	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that stimulates the old kids greets the big boys	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old friend that admires the small farmers avoids the happy teachers	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large friend that encourages the small singers avoids the joyful aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that engages the old poets confuses the huge mothers	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little friend that inspires the small men admires the huge carpenters	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little friend that knows the large farmers discourages the joyful boys	singular	plural	plural	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that knows the huge girls criticizes the tiny aunts	singular	plural	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that knows the old women inspires the tiny guys	singular	plural	plural	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that stimulates the little doctors greets the huge farmers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that understands the sad guys inspires the tiny doctors	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that approves the huge women remembers the little teachers	singular	plural	plural	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girl that confuses the old fathers engages the large friends	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that criticizes the happy doctors admires the old carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that criticizes the huge men observes the joyful kids	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that discourages the little carpenters avoids the sad boys	singular	plural	plural	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little girl that greets the large doctors encourages the huge teachers	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that inspires the tiny guys avoids the ecstatic women	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little girl that knows the young friends understands the old teachers	singular	plural	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that knows the huge men confuses the old victims	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that knows the old poets encourages the big victims	singular	plural	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young girl that observes the little doctors confuses the tiny uncles	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that remembers the miserable teachers confuses the big mothers	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young girl that remembers the little women encourages the happy victims	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little girl that understands the ecstatic athletes observes the joyful guys	singular	plural	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The small guy that admires the old mothers understands the little friends	singular	plural	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that avoids the sad fathers observes the little uncles	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that greets the old teachers engages the sad doctors	singular	plural	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that inspires the large carpenters remembers the sad uncles	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young guy that inspires the large uncles greets the big men	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that knows the tiny carpenters confuses the large doctors	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old guy that knows the young fathers greets the tiny girls	singular	plural	plural	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that stimulates the huge mothers engages the large athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old guy that understands the happy athletes avoids the miserable victims	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that criticizes the little uncles discourages the large fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that criticizes the huge women understands the miserable athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that encourages the happy victims avoids the huge mothers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that engages the miserable fathers approves the sad men	singular	plural	plural	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that engages the large singers greets the ecstatic carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that remembers the joyful guys understands the little fathers	singular	plural	plural	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that stimulates the happy athletes understands the old lawyers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that approves the large boys remembers the sad singers	singular	plural	plural	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that avoids the happy aunts encourages the sad doctors	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that avoids the miserable friends inspires the old athletes	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that confuses the huge women remembers the miserable boys	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that encourages the old kids knows the joyful doctors	singular	plural	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that encourages the large uncles inspires the huge mothers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that inspires the big poets engages the miserable friends	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that observes the ecstatic poets inspires the large kids	singular	plural	plural	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that remembers the small boys engages the tiny men	singular	plural	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that approves the joyful victims avoids the tiny girls	singular	plural	plural	approve	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny man that avoids the miserable women criticizes the little uncles	singular	plural	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that confuses the young farmers criticizes the happy women	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that discourages the happy boys encourages the ecstatic carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that discourages the sad kids avoids the little guys	singular	plural	plural	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that encourages the little lawyers remembers the old poets	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that greets the happy athletes confuses the small doctors	singular	plural	plural	greet	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy man that inspires the young athletes stimulates the sad doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that knows the young uncles greets the sad farmers	singular	plural	plural	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge man that observes the miserable mothers understands the happy doctors	singular	plural	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful man that remembers the old doctors engages the large uncles	singular	plural	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that stimulates the ecstatic victims encourages the huge doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little man that understands the young victims inspires the ecstatic lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that approves the sad farmers encourages the small carpenters	singular	plural	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that confuses the small teachers remembers the ecstatic athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old mother that criticizes the small farmers greets the miserable poets	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that criticizes the big guys encourages the miserable farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that discourages the young men criticizes the ecstatic lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that encourages the ecstatic men admires the tiny doctors	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small mother that engages the large boys encourages the big poets	singular	plural	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small mother that engages the huge poets approves the miserable carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large mother that greets the small farmers stimulates the tiny boys	singular	plural	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that greets the happy fathers discourages the big poets	singular	plural	plural	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old mother that inspires the young guys approves the tiny carpenters	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small mother that inspires the large teachers admires the tiny friends	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that knows the sad farmers criticizes the little carpenters	singular	plural	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that observes the tiny doctors inspires the huge friends	singular	plural	plural	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that observes the joyful farmers encourages the little singers	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that stimulates the joyful guys understands the big farmers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that understands the large men encourages the joyful boys	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that confuses the young fathers observes the sad lawyers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little poet that encourages the happy carpenters confuses the young men	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that encourages the sad mothers confuses the joyful girls	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poet that engages the joyful doctors encourages the huge boys	singular	plural	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that engages the joyful singers confuses the young fathers	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that remembers the sad farmers confuses the huge teachers	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young poet that remembers the little guys encourages the huge girls	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that admires the tiny aunts encourages the big men	singular	plural	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that admires the young guys discourages the big victims	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big singer that admires the little guys inspires the young men	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that approves the tiny farmers stimulates the huge women	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that confuses the old doctors encourages the miserable girls	singular	plural	plural	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that discourages the big women understands the small aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little singer that engages the ecstatic mothers inspires the sad teachers	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small singer that greets the big victims remembers the huge doctors	singular	plural	plural	greet	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The little singer that observes the huge victims approves the small poets	singular	plural	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large teacher that confuses the old athletes understands the tiny fathers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that confuses the small victims avoids the little carpenters	singular	plural	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that greets the happy singers inspires the miserable girls	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that inspires the big lawyers encourages the tiny poets	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that inspires the tiny lawyers greets the miserable girls	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that knows the large poets discourages the happy athletes	singular	plural	plural	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that knows the large singers remembers the miserable victims	singular	plural	plural	know	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that remembers the small aunts admires the miserable athletes	singular	plural	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that stimulates the ecstatic kids remembers the young poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that understands the tiny friends discourages the little victims	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old teacher that understands the miserable kids approves the little carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that engages the joyful friends observes the little athletes	singular	plural	plural	engage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that greets the huge fathers understands the ecstatic farmers	singular	plural	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that remembers the tiny boys greets the huge doctors	singular	plural	plural	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that stimulates the tiny teachers knows the large victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that stimulates the ecstatic victims criticizes the happy fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that understands the sad doctors encourages the joyful poets	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that understands the huge poets knows the tiny guys	singular	plural	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that admires the large carpenters criticizes the tiny teachers	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that avoids the big poets admires the sad uncles	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victim that confuses the ecstatic men observes the joyful kids	singular	plural	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large victim that criticizes the small guys understands the little farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large victim that engages the young lawyers admires the little uncles	singular	plural	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that engages the old poets remembers the big fathers	singular	plural	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that stimulates the little athletes confuses the old carpenters	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that stimulates the little poets observes the tiny women	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that stimulates the large singers approves the young aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large victim that understands the little singers approves the young aunts	singular	plural	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that avoids the joyful doctors understands the sad victims	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large woman that confuses the tiny men inspires the big teachers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that discourages the sad poets approves the young carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that encourages the huge lawyers approves the happy boys	singular	plural	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that greets the sad aunts stimulates the large farmers	singular	plural	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that greets the ecstatic poets avoids the old kids	singular	plural	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that remembers the small doctors observes the happy victims	singular	plural	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old woman that stimulates the happy guys understands the joyful aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that stimulates the ecstatic men engages the happy girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge woman that understands the happy doctors avoids the small carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The old athletes that admire the small aunt engage the huge singer	plural	singular	singular	admires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that approve the happy victim encourage the tiny kid	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that confuse the little kid stimulate the joyful teacher	plural	singular	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that confuse the sad uncle remember the young carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that confuse the big victim encourage the small uncle	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that discourage the miserable poet know the large doctor	plural	singular	singular	discourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small athletes that engage the tiny friend encourage the young doctor	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that engage the joyful teacher inspire the sad girl	plural	singular	singular	engages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that engage the ecstatic victim understand the joyful boy	plural	singular	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that inspire the large guy remember the ecstatic kid	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small athletes that know the miserable guy admire the old carpenter	plural	singular	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that remember the small boy discourage the young woman	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that understand the big farmer criticize the large uncle	plural	singular	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that criticize the young doctor discourage the tiny athlete	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunts that discourage the happy boy remember the sad doctor	plural	singular	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunts that greet the old guy engage the young girl	plural	singular	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunts that inspire the tiny woman understand the little guy	plural	singular	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that know the happy kid discourage the tiny girl	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunts that stimulate the large doctor observe the tiny victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that stimulate the happy lawyer know the big victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that stimulate the tiny uncle avoid the big girl	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boys that admire the sad athlete engage the old aunt	plural	singular	singular	admires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that admire the tiny poet confuse the large kid	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boys that avoid the joyful teacher remember the sad lawyer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small boys that confuse the young farmer encourage the large man	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that discourage the joyful doctor greet the big aunt	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small boys that engage the large athlete avoid the joyful mother	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boys that engage the ecstatic victim discourage the big friend	plural	singular	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boys that greet the big victim inspire the small lawyer	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that observe the tiny victim understand the sad singer	plural	singular	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old boys that stimulate the little kid engage the ecstatic teacher	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that understand the old man confuse the large poet	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that admire the joyful doctor know the old friend	plural	singular	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that admire the ecstatic woman understand the little man	plural	singular	singular	admires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that avoid the small farmer remember the huge kid	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that confuse the joyful girl greet the small friend	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that confuse the big uncle observe the old mother	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that discourage the ecstatic doctor inspire the huge mother	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that discourage the huge mother admire the large farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that greet the huge friend confuse the old lawyer	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that greet the small guy inspire the huge athlete	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that know the miserable friend remember the big lawyer	plural	singular	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that observe the miserable athlete admire the young woman	plural	singular	singular	observes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that observe the ecstatic guy remember the happy mother	plural	singular	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that stimulate the old kid admire the little poet	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that understand the large girl avoid the small man	plural	singular	singular	understands	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that admire the old friend confuse the tiny lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that admire the small teacher engage the happy aunt	plural	singular	singular	admires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctors that approve the huge kid know the sad woman	plural	singular	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that criticize the sad boy remember the big carpenter	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that observe the big girl understand the ecstatic lawyer	plural	singular	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that observe the tiny uncle criticize the young farmer	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctors that remember the tiny uncle criticize the large father	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that stimulate the young woman approve the tiny girl	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that admire the happy doctor know the old guy	plural	singular	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that approve the happy guy confuse the little singer	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that confuse the sad friend observe the tiny uncle	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that criticize the miserable athlete greet the joyful poet	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that criticize the little friend engage the miserable teacher	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmers that greet the big mother encourage the ecstatic father	plural	singular	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that know the huge poet approve the sad woman	plural	singular	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmers that observe the small athlete greet the huge woman	plural	singular	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that observe the little boy avoid the huge kid	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that observe the little father stimulate the large poet	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that observe the old lawyer approve the big carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmers that observe the happy teacher confuse the huge mother	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that stimulate the big kid encourage the sad athlete	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that avoid the sad kid discourage the ecstatic poet	plural	singular	singular	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that confuse the ecstatic carpenter understand the sad woman	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that confuse the big farmer criticize the young singer	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that confuse the huge lawyer understand the sad farmer	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The big fathers that criticize the miserable woman remember the little lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The big fathers that encourage the huge friend confuse the joyful farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that encourage the sad uncle confuse the large victim	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small fathers that inspire the large aunt engage the sad teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that inspire the old boy admire the small mother	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large fathers that inspire the big mother understand the joyful woman	plural	singular	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that observe the small carpenter criticize the old guy	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that stimulate the big aunt remember the happy athlete	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that stimulate the small lawyer understand the joyful victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little friends that approve the tiny father discourage the happy kid	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large friends that approve the miserable kid remember the young guy	plural	singular	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that avoid the big carpenter criticize the happy teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that criticize the big farmer encourage the sad boy	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little friends that criticize the big kid discourage the miserable mother	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that discourage the joyful guy criticize the miserable farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that encourage the big victim confuse the ecstatic mother	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old friends that engage the small teacher admire the joyful woman	plural	singular	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that greet the miserable woman know the huge mother	plural	singular	singular	greets	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little friends that know the joyful guy confuse the miserable farmer	plural	singular	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that know the happy teacher admire the large doctor	plural	singular	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The old friends that stimulate the ecstatic carpenter admire the young lawyer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that understand the sad singer criticize the happy poet	plural	singular	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that understand the huge teacher know the happy man	plural	singular	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that approve the small aunt discourage the tiny athlete	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that approve the sad kid admire the young guy	plural	singular	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young girls that confuse the old man know the sad poet	plural	singular	singular	confuses	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big girls that encourage the small mother observe the joyful father	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that greet the tiny athlete criticize the young carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that know the ecstatic carpenter greet the little farmer	plural	singular	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little girls that know the young lawyer understand the tiny woman	plural	singular	singular	knows	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small girls that know the young man confuse the big farmer	plural	singular	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that know the old victim approve the little uncle	plural	singular	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that remember the tiny carpenter know the miserable woman	plural	singular	singular	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The old guys that admire the huge lawyer understand the sad kid	plural	singular	singular	admires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that avoid the small mother inspire the tiny aunt	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that confuse the large friend know the old father	plural	singular	singular	confuses	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guys that encourage the tiny teacher engage the joyful kid	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that greet the old athlete engage the small poet	plural	singular	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that stimulate the huge girl approve the young friend	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kids that avoid the joyful boy understand the miserable man	plural	singular	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old kids that confuse the little father criticize the joyful girl	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that criticize the young poet inspire the joyful father	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that engage the happy farmer remember the ecstatic girl	plural	singular	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kids that engage the old guy admire the happy aunt	plural	singular	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big kids that engage the tiny lawyer know the large woman	plural	singular	singular	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that engage the old mother understand the big boy	plural	singular	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The big kids that observe the happy carpenter avoid the old girl	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that stimulate the little singer criticize the large father	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that understand the happy lawyer greet the young uncle	plural	singular	singular	understands	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kids that understand the happy singer observe the little doctor	plural	singular	singular	understands	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that admire the ecstatic woman confuse the large doctor	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that confuse the happy mother remember the tiny doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that discourage the joyful poet admire the little kid	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that engage the sad singer stimulate the happy boy	plural	singular	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that greet the huge athlete discourage the large father	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that greet the tiny woman admire the miserable boy	plural	singular	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that inspire the tiny guy stimulate the sad uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that stimulate the joyful girl inspire the tiny father	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that understand the small singer discourage the sad victim	plural	singular	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy men that criticize the sad teacher know the big mother	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that encourage the small poet admire the miserable victim	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny men that greet the large mother discourage the huge poet	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small men that greet the young victim inspire the happy girl	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy men that know the miserable father inspire the sad girl	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that remember the big singer know the joyful teacher	plural	singular	singular	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young men that stimulate the sad singer encourage the huge kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that criticize the big poet greet the joyful teacher	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that criticize the little poet remember the small aunt	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that discourage the happy uncle remember the ecstatic farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that encourage the happy athlete avoid the young man	plural	singular	singular	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that encourage the ecstatic girl avoid the joyful boy	plural	singular	singular	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that engage the miserable woman approve the little man	plural	singular	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that inspire the big athlete observe the ecstatic friend	plural	singular	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that inspire the little farmer criticize the huge father	plural	singular	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that know the large athlete criticize the ecstatic farmer	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that observe the big boy know the young doctor	plural	singular	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that observe the happy friend inspire the small lawyer	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that remember the big teacher approve the little aunt	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that approve the young singer avoid the large man	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big poets that criticize the huge teacher observe the large man	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that engage the little farmer understand the small carpenter	plural	singular	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poets that remember the small teacher greet the miserable aunt	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that understand the joyful athlete remember the young farmer	plural	singular	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that understand the sad kid inspire the large teacher	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that confuse the young victim encourage the old farmer	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little singers that encourage the large kid remember the huge uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The big singers that greet the little poet observe the tiny doctor	plural	singular	singular	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singers that observe the young poet avoid the old athlete	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that stimulate the small aunt engage the big girl	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singers that stimulate the old lawyer remember the tiny girl	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that understand the huge kid stimulate the little man	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that approve the tiny girl confuse the big friend	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that approve the joyful mother engage the sad singer	plural	singular	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that confuse the small kid criticize the happy farmer	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that discourage the happy guy inspire the tiny man	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that greet the big singer avoid the happy boy	plural	singular	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that greet the old uncle confuse the little woman	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that observe the miserable kid criticize the sad father	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small teachers that remember the little friend discourage the large woman	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that stimulate the joyful aunt avoid the little man	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that avoid the old singer admire the large poet	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that avoid the joyful woman understand the happy singer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that discourage the little singer greet the sad woman	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that engage the miserable girl remember the sad aunt	plural	singular	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncles that know the young kid inspire the old father	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that observe the miserable teacher discourage the large victim	plural	singular	singular	observes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that stimulate the happy lawyer engage the joyful aunt	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that understand the old lawyer encourage the ecstatic teacher	plural	singular	singular	understands	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that admire the huge doctor confuse the big father	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old victims that encourage the large aunt confuse the tiny mother	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that engage the huge farmer inspire the small friend	plural	singular	singular	engages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that engage the large friend remember the huge girl	plural	singular	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The little victims that stimulate the old guy engage the tiny singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victims that understand the small woman engage the big athlete	plural	singular	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that admire the small friend discourage the miserable kid	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big women that admire the ecstatic kid inspire the joyful poet	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that avoid the young singer engage the happy kid	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that discourage the joyful carpenter inspire the sad man	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that discourage the ecstatic singer observe the happy lawyer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that inspire the tiny father encourage the huge friend	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that know the big farmer confuse the sad friend	plural	singular	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable women that know the big father criticize the tiny teacher	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable women that observe the small doctor stimulate the young boy	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small women that observe the large farmer engage the little aunt	plural	singular	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that stimulate the large guy discourage the ecstatic boy	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that stimulate the ecstatic kid criticize the tiny boy	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that stimulate the miserable mother criticize the old man	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that understand the happy friend engage the sad victim	plural	singular	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that understand the sad poet inspire the large victim	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that admire the sad lawyer approve the happy guys	plural	singular	plural	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that admire the tiny teacher avoid the large mothers	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that admire the little woman avoid the ecstatic teachers	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big athletes that confuse the joyful carpenter encourage the small singers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that criticize the tiny father discourage the sad victims	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old athletes that encourage the huge boy greet the large singers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big athletes that inspire the miserable man admire the little victims	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little athletes that remember the sad singer approve the huge doctors	plural	singular	plural	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that stimulate the joyful father encourage the miserable boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunts that approve the young kid confuse the old victims	plural	singular	plural	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunts that discourage the large guy remember the sad poets	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that discourage the big man remember the joyful uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunts that encourage the little boy approve the tiny mothers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that encourage the huge poet observe the happy fathers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunts that engage the joyful father greet the sad girls	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that greet the little farmer discourage the small victims	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that observe the big mother discourage the tiny carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that stimulate the tiny uncle encourage the little farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that admire the huge girl avoid the tiny doctors	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boys that avoid the ecstatic carpenter engage the sad poets	plural	singular	plural	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that criticize the young poet know the tiny guys	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boys that encourage the tiny athlete stimulate the ecstatic uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that encourage the miserable father understand the young singers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that encourage the old victim stimulate the small mothers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small boys that engage the tiny guy know the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that greet the miserable doctor confuse the old carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that know the huge farmer admire the little fathers	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boys that know the large teacher inspire the small victims	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old boys that remember the sad carpenter avoid the joyful kids	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that remember the huge girl observe the happy men	plural	singular	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that stimulate the sad kid encourage the happy women	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that stimulate the ecstatic teacher greet the little carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that understand the small man know the young guys	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that avoid the large man confuse the miserable uncles	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that encourage the young farmer engage the huge girls	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that encourage the huge father criticize the tiny doctors	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that greet the huge aunt criticize the sad teachers	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that greet the ecstatic man remember the little friends	plural	singular	plural	greets	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that inspire the ecstatic victim know the big farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that observe the joyful friend approve the big teachers	plural	singular	plural	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that remember the large farmer confuse the ecstatic singers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that remember the happy poet understand the ecstatic athletes	plural	singular	plural	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that stimulate the tiny farmer inspire the joyful boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that understand the happy doctor discourage the young fathers	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that understand the miserable man remember the old boys	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that admire the huge athlete discourage the large farmers	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that admire the sad mother avoid the miserable athletes	plural	singular	plural	admires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that avoid the huge guy admire the joyful boys	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that confuse the tiny guy approve the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctors that criticize the tiny aunt greet the small girls	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that discourage the tiny man approve the young girls	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that encourage the sad farmer know the large singers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctors that engage the tiny woman discourage the sad men	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that inspire the old friend greet the joyful aunts	plural	singular	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that inspire the large mother encourage the ecstatic teachers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that inspire the young woman approve the miserable poets	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that approve the tiny girl encourage the old poets	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that criticize the miserable kid discourage the sad doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that encourage the sad uncle know the miserable girls	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that engage the old girl know the sad friends	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that greet the small guy engage the tiny athletes	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that stimulate the little teacher understand the young guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that admire the little boy know the sad men	plural	singular	plural	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that confuse the small girl stimulate the large doctors	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that inspire the big man approve the happy uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that know the ecstatic doctor inspire the small women	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that understand the miserable lawyer remember the large guys	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The big fathers that understand the happy singer inspire the little poets	plural	singular	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that discourage the old aunt admire the huge boys	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that encourage the large father approve the young men	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that inspire the miserable father criticize the big doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girls that admire the huge farmer understand the large kids	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that admire the old guy stimulate the ecstatic singers	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girls that approve the big friend avoid the huge aunts	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that avoid the old aunt encourage the young friends	plural	singular	plural	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girls that avoid the tiny kid remember the big athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girls that criticize the ecstatic mother greet the miserable uncles	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that criticize the miserable woman greet the tiny farmers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large girls that engage the tiny poet criticize the huge guys	plural	singular	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old girls that engage the huge teacher confuse the young carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girls that greet the old kid know the ecstatic teachers	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that inspire the old doctor stimulate the young victims	plural	singular	plural	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large girls that inspire the little farmer know the huge boys	plural	singular	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young girls that know the miserable man understand the tiny kids	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small girls that observe the large athlete avoid the joyful poets	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that remember the happy lawyer stimulate the large poets	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girls that stimulate the ecstatic friend greet the joyful men	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girls that understand the little carpenter greet the big doctors	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that understand the little woman discourage the tiny guys	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little guys that admire the sad father engage the tiny athletes	plural	singular	plural	admires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that approve the young teacher admire the joyful women	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that confuse the large doctor engage the happy teachers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that criticize the little aunt engage the sad women	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that discourage the old carpenter remember the huge athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large guys that remember the big athlete admire the small lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that stimulate the big kid understand the little uncles	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that stimulate the tiny singer greet the young victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that stimulate the young victim avoid the little kids	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that admire the big teacher inspire the ecstatic women	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kids that confuse the ecstatic victim discourage the old athletes	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that criticize the huge farmer avoid the miserable poets	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that discourage the huge girl remember the joyful lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kids that encourage the small poet inspire the huge farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old kids that engage the ecstatic friend observe the miserable carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little kids that understand the joyful lawyer confuse the large victims	plural	singular	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that understand the miserable woman discourage the happy singers	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that admire the happy woman inspire the young aunts	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that approve the young farmer criticize the huge guys	plural	singular	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that avoid the miserable uncle approve the huge men	plural	singular	plural	avoids	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that avoid the miserable uncle stimulate the sad aunts	plural	singular	plural	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that discourage the large teacher understand the young fathers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that encourage the big friend remember the sad poets	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that encourage the big victim criticize the little singers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that greet the tiny kid remember the big victims	plural	singular	plural	greets	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that inspire the joyful farmer engage the miserable doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that inspire the tiny farmer remember the big teachers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that observe the large singer stimulate the big girls	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that observe the tiny victim discourage the sad carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small men that avoid the little guy criticize the tiny carpenters	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that confuse the miserable aunt inspire the big fathers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that confuse the large father engage the miserable friends	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that confuse the young guy admire the happy teachers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big men that confuse the huge singer remember the ecstatic lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that criticize the happy poet confuse the huge boys	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that criticize the joyful uncle approve the miserable athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The small men that greet the tiny father encourage the sad women	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful men that inspire the old father discourage the happy victims	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that observe the happy mother discourage the big girls	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful men that stimulate the miserable guy avoid the happy singers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful men that stimulate the little poet approve the small uncles	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that approve the sad father understand the young doctors	plural	singular	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that approve the big singer admire the old kids	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that confuse the old poet engage the happy men	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that engage the old lawyer observe the ecstatic uncles	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that observe the tiny boy encourage the small singers	plural	singular	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that observe the miserable girl discourage the ecstatic athletes	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small mothers that stimulate the big boy discourage the large men	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that understand the miserable singer approve the small boys	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poets that admire the happy singer know the large girls	plural	singular	plural	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that confuse the miserable man criticize the huge mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poets that criticize the huge girl confuse the small singers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that criticize the happy mother discourage the sad teachers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poets that discourage the young uncle encourage the ecstatic singers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that encourage the huge guy know the big friends	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small poets that engage the happy teacher discourage the miserable women	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that greet the miserable doctor admire the young uncles	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that greet the tiny girl stimulate the sad friends	plural	singular	plural	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that inspire the big friend admire the ecstatic teachers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The old poets that inspire the miserable man engage the sad mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big poets that know the young athlete confuse the small teachers	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that observe the small kid stimulate the large men	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that remember the miserable father engage the sad friends	plural	singular	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that remember the miserable lawyer stimulate the big farmers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that stimulate the large mother approve the tiny boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old poets that understand the huge mother encourage the young teachers	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singers that approve the young father know the large guys	plural	singular	plural	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that approve the old victim know the happy athletes	plural	singular	plural	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large singers that avoid the small father greet the ecstatic men	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little singers that confuse the miserable boy inspire the old carpenters	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singers that engage the large man stimulate the old teachers	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singers that inspire the small friend admire the tiny poets	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that observe the large woman inspire the tiny guys	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that avoid the happy athlete understand the small victims	plural	singular	plural	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that greet the small kid admire the young girls	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that inspire the tiny friend observe the little athletes	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that know the large poet stimulate the little kids	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that observe the huge man discourage the big aunts	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that observe the large mother remember the little uncles	plural	singular	plural	observes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that observe the little poet inspire the big boys	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that remember the young man inspire the ecstatic singers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old teachers that stimulate the young carpenter understand the miserable aunts	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young teachers that stimulate the little poet understand the big lawyers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The big teachers that understand the joyful kid admire the little singers	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that approve the large boy criticize the miserable men	plural	singular	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that approve the little poet stimulate the old mothers	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that engage the huge guy inspire the small kids	plural	singular	plural	engages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncles that inspire the happy singer confuse the joyful mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that observe the miserable athlete engage the little lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncles that observe the small guy criticize the miserable teachers	plural	singular	plural	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victims that admire the joyful man remember the big guys	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that avoid the large athlete confuse the small guys	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old victims that confuse the joyful girl engage the ecstatic guys	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victims that discourage the miserable guy understand the tiny aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The big victims that inspire the huge teacher remember the little aunts	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victims that inspire the little uncle avoid the huge farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that stimulate the miserable athlete understand the large mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that stimulate the sad uncle encourage the happy mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victims that understand the little aunt admire the happy carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that approve the ecstatic uncle discourage the huge victims	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that avoid the little man understand the big kids	plural	singular	plural	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that confuse the old boy avoid the joyful kids	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The young women that confuse the joyful man remember the big athletes	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that criticize the small girl greet the joyful aunts	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable women that discourage the tiny lawyer criticize the happy teachers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small women that encourage the happy poet discourage the young girls	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful women that engage the tiny kid criticize the huge mothers	plural	singular	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that greet the miserable girl understand the old men	plural	singular	plural	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small women that observe the little farmer approve the ecstatic fathers	plural	singular	plural	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that stimulate the ecstatic uncle confuse the joyful athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge women that understand the big teacher know the young aunts	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little athletes that confuse the huge boys greet the big carpenter	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that confuse the little mothers discourage the large woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that encourage the large singers greet the old girl	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big athletes that engage the young doctors greet the tiny boy	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that engage the joyful teachers admire the ecstatic friend	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big athletes that inspire the happy uncles greet the small carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that stimulate the ecstatic lawyers understand the young guy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little athletes that understand the miserable girls encourage the old aunt	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old athletes that understand the large girls observe the sad father	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that approve the joyful doctors remember the small lawyer	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that approve the huge teachers know the sad girl	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that discourage the huge friends confuse the tiny mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that greet the happy guys admire the miserable kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunts that greet the miserable uncles understand the old boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that inspire the young victims approve the tiny carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that remember the old teachers understand the sad kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that admire the big guys criticize the ecstatic man	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old boys that encourage the little kids admire the big carpenter	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large boys that observe the old doctors remember the tiny carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that remember the large carpenters discourage the young lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boys that understand the small men approve the little kid	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that avoid the tiny lawyers stimulate the big teacher	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that criticize the sad boys engage the ecstatic uncle	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that discourage the young athletes admire the small mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that discourage the joyful mothers understand the little doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that engage the large friends know the little boy	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that greet the ecstatic kids avoid the happy woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctors that approve the sad fathers confuse the tiny poet	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that confuse the huge kids criticize the tiny girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that engage the sad uncles observe the old aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that greet the small carpenters observe the young poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that inspire the large uncles observe the ecstatic aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctors that observe the joyful men understand the happy guy	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that observe the sad mothers avoid the miserable aunt	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctors that observe the miserable mothers inspire the little uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that remember the big uncles greet the young guy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that avoid the happy women admire the small boy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that confuse the ecstatic athletes encourage the miserable girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that criticize the sad carpenters stimulate the ecstatic woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that discourage the ecstatic mothers greet the small woman	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that discourage the joyful uncles greet the tiny victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmers that encourage the miserable mothers engage the sad teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmers that encourage the huge poets remember the small athlete	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmers that engage the large carpenters discourage the happy athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that engage the large friends understand the huge doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that engage the sad mothers remember the miserable boy	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that greet the small lawyers encourage the tiny guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that know the little carpenters admire the happy doctor	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmers that observe the miserable guys remember the ecstatic singer	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that remember the large friends stimulate the big boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that stimulate the old victims avoid the large girl	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that approve the ecstatic doctors discourage the little woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large fathers that criticize the old kids encourage the tiny man	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small fathers that greet the sad mothers criticize the large guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that remember the huge girls inspire the big friend	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big fathers that understand the old friends criticize the miserable carpenter	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that avoid the happy teachers admire the ecstatic carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that avoid the young women encourage the tiny singer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that confuse the sad mothers discourage the tiny uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that criticize the small men inspire the joyful uncle	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that criticize the miserable teachers understand the big father	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that encourage the young farmers stimulate the huge woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that engage the tiny girls remember the sad teacher	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that greet the joyful lawyers admire the tiny singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that inspire the small carpenters admire the young boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that inspire the young singers remember the happy poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that remember the miserable women observe the happy poet	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that stimulate the huge boys discourage the old man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that understand the young men stimulate the joyful kid	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little girls that approve the huge men confuse the miserable mother	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that avoid the big lawyers criticize the huge uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little girls that avoid the ecstatic teachers inspire the large victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girls that criticize the tiny singers encourage the huge kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big girls that inspire the small friends encourage the sad doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that inspire the large singers engage the ecstatic father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that observe the tiny uncles engage the joyful athlete	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little guys that admire the sad girls approve the small teacher	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that approve the sad carpenters engage the small farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that approve the young teachers encourage the happy friend	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little guys that discourage the tiny singers avoid the miserable girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guys that engage the young aunts avoid the little carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guys that engage the ecstatic kids encourage the old doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old guys that engage the large poets admire the miserable woman	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that greet the big men avoid the little athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that observe the tiny singers engage the joyful boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that understand the huge uncles avoid the miserable carpenter	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kids that admire the sad mothers stimulate the tiny boy	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that avoid the huge boys understand the young lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kids that encourage the large athletes understand the sad man	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kids that encourage the large farmers admire the joyful singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that encourage the big fathers approve the little singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kids that inspire the tiny athletes remember the big aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that inspire the happy carpenters greet the ecstatic athlete	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that know the joyful athletes observe the huge friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that observe the miserable mothers engage the sad teacher	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little kids that remember the sad guys discourage the tiny lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little kids that remember the sad women engage the old aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that stimulate the young boys criticize the little aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that understand the little fathers encourage the joyful friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that understand the large lawyers approve the young farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that understand the ecstatic teachers stimulate the young athlete	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that approve the large girls confuse the sad athlete	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that approve the young teachers understand the large athlete	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that avoid the joyful carpenters know the little uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that confuse the old aunts greet the small victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that confuse the sad poets know the happy friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that confuse the miserable uncles remember the big athlete	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that criticize the little fathers admire the ecstatic carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that discourage the young doctors avoid the small athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that admire the old kids remember the small poet	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable men that approve the happy lawyers stimulate the joyful father	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny men that confuse the old carpenters understand the large father	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that confuse the ecstatic mothers avoid the big poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small men that confuse the ecstatic women avoid the sad mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad men that criticize the huge doctors stimulate the big athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young men that criticize the big friends discourage the huge carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy men that discourage the large guys approve the joyful lawyer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful men that engage the sad victims avoid the tiny father	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful men that know the little doctors observe the young friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big men that know the small fathers greet the ecstatic teacher	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that know the miserable uncles discourage the joyful girl	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large men that know the huge victims encourage the sad athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young men that observe the miserable victims understand the big aunt	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful men that remember the sad poets approve the little victim	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that stimulate the tiny kids understand the small athlete	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small mothers that avoid the young singers know the little guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that criticize the joyful farmers avoid the large woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that criticize the ecstatic friends greet the little man	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that engage the miserable aunts approve the huge teacher	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The small mothers that greet the miserable girls admire the happy doctor	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that understand the happy doctors observe the small carpenter	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that understand the happy victims discourage the old kid	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big poets that criticize the ecstatic guys inspire the joyful singer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that discourage the small lawyers approve the young doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that discourage the joyful teachers remember the tiny uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that engage the old fathers greet the small farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old poets that greet the big carpenters criticize the miserable uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that greet the huge mothers approve the happy victim	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The small poets that observe the joyful friends admire the miserable farmer	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that stimulate the happy doctors discourage the sad friend	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that approve the tiny uncles stimulate the sad father	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that avoid the huge uncles know the little father	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large singers that avoid the huge victims confuse the sad man	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that confuse the miserable friends stimulate the large girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that confuse the small kids engage the old farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that discourage the large kids approve the huge girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singers that discourage the joyful mothers avoid the tiny uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singers that encourage the large boys admire the little doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that engage the large boys approve the old aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that inspire the small athletes understand the tiny poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The big singers that inspire the young farmers criticize the sad poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that inspire the tiny teachers criticize the happy kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singers that observe the sad women admire the ecstatic doctor	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that stimulate the old men approve the sad doctor	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singers that understand the happy fathers greet the big guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small singers that understand the large fathers inspire the sad victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that understand the young women confuse the tiny lawyer	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that approve the joyful women confuse the young singer	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that confuse the young athletes remember the old poet	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that encourage the miserable carpenters discourage the young boy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that greet the little mothers admire the joyful kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young teachers that inspire the big fathers stimulate the huge boy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that observe the young friends criticize the huge farmer	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that remember the little boys inspire the huge uncle	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that stimulate the old farmers inspire the huge singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The small teachers that stimulate the sad girls remember the joyful uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that approve the old mothers stimulate the small carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncles that avoid the sad aunts encourage the miserable guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncles that discourage the happy guys understand the large kid	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that encourage the old carpenters confuse the little victim	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that encourage the joyful carpenters remember the big boy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that inspire the huge aunts know the small guy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that inspire the big guys know the tiny girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that know the miserable friends approve the tiny woman	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncles that observe the joyful boys engage the huge father	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that observe the huge friends know the happy girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that observe the big men encourage the old farmer	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that admire the tiny poets know the joyful uncle	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that approve the ecstatic poets stimulate the sad father	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The old victims that confuse the young aunts remember the ecstatic lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that confuse the large doctors remember the sad girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large victims that engage the huge carpenters criticize the young uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that inspire the tiny doctors discourage the miserable guy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that observe the joyful doctors admire the tiny singer	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victims that remember the large lawyers discourage the small farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small victims that stimulate the huge fathers criticize the tiny teacher	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that stimulate the ecstatic mothers observe the large guy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big victims that understand the huge aunts encourage the ecstatic man	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that understand the little fathers avoid the ecstatic friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that admire the little teachers remember the young lawyer	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The big women that approve the tiny girls understand the miserable aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful women that approve the sad uncles observe the tiny man	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge women that avoid the ecstatic boys understand the tiny mother	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable women that criticize the joyful aunts understand the large man	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small women that discourage the little aunts understand the big doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful women that greet the huge poets know the small carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big women that know the young farmers remember the little uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that stimulate the huge boys know the tiny lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge women that stimulate the happy friends encourage the big poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that understand the huge singers remember the young farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that approve the sad friends stimulate the happy farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that avoid the big uncles encourage the miserable mothers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that confuse the young men engage the miserable victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that criticize the tiny guys engage the sad mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that discourage the ecstatic fathers admire the huge kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The old athletes that encourage the ecstatic men engage the young farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that encourage the large singers remember the old fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that engage the young teachers greet the old boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that greet the miserable lawyers know the small farmers	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The old athletes that know the tiny fathers avoid the joyful women	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that observe the tiny men confuse the joyful victims	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that understand the joyful mothers confuse the happy guys	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that confuse the young fathers approve the old friends	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that confuse the big poets avoid the happy farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunts that encourage the old friends admire the ecstatic teachers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunts that know the young athletes encourage the ecstatic boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that observe the little mothers admire the miserable uncles	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that remember the young friends understand the huge carpenters	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old boys that approve the small athletes observe the large men	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old boys that confuse the big men encourage the huge poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that discourage the old teachers approve the sad lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that greet the young poets inspire the big mothers	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boys that inspire the big teachers know the large poets	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that stimulate the sad uncles engage the small girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small boys that understand the happy teachers approve the big aunts	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that approve the huge kids avoid the big uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that avoid the ecstatic boys discourage the sad teachers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that confuse the large poets remember the joyful boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that criticize the ecstatic farmers stimulate the young friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that encourage the old fathers approve the tiny guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that greet the miserable aunts engage the small victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that inspire the little girls know the sad poets	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that remember the ecstatic fathers discourage the tiny doctors	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that understand the young aunts engage the small uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctors that admire the tiny aunts confuse the ecstatic boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that approve the young women stimulate the small kids	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that criticize the joyful farmers confuse the miserable kids	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that discourage the happy boys encourage the little singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that engage the big lawyers greet the old boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that know the small mothers understand the large friends	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that know the sad teachers observe the large boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that know the small uncles engage the huge teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that observe the little farmers encourage the ecstatic men	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that observe the ecstatic friends confuse the young lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that remember the tiny kids discourage the joyful men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctors that stimulate the old singers approve the little friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that stimulate the happy uncles confuse the little girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that stimulate the little victims criticize the happy lawyers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctors that understand the old boys remember the happy girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that understand the little uncles greet the joyful farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that approve the old fathers greet the tiny carpenters	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmers that approve the miserable girls engage the young teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that criticize the tiny boys inspire the big singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that encourage the tiny men approve the happy athletes	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmers that greet the young teachers encourage the big athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that understand the miserable mothers engage the young athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that admire the sad kids confuse the miserable friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The large fathers that admire the little lawyers criticize the small teachers	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that admire the old poets know the young singers	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small fathers that approve the miserable aunts inspire the huge victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that avoid the old athletes discourage the miserable friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big fathers that confuse the small aunts engage the miserable friends	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small fathers that criticize the sad kids confuse the miserable doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that criticize the large men discourage the miserable lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old fathers that criticize the small uncles approve the tiny boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that engage the tiny uncles admire the young guys	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that inspire the ecstatic girls approve the small uncles	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that observe the tiny boys admire the large teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that observe the ecstatic singers know the tiny athletes	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that approve the ecstatic fathers encourage the old women	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that approve the old poets admire the tiny victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that avoid the little girls understand the young farmers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that discourage the old athletes greet the big lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that engage the little boys criticize the sad women	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that inspire the old boys confuse the large fathers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that inspire the old doctors remember the big victims	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friends that know the large boys stimulate the tiny fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that know the miserable carpenters criticize the small uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that know the miserable carpenters observe the sad men	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friends that know the tiny fathers greet the ecstatic men	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friends that know the little teachers stimulate the young fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that observe the large aunts discourage the young lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that observe the sad lawyers understand the young singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that observe the tiny mothers know the huge guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that remember the young athletes avoid the small singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little friends that stimulate the joyful aunts know the large poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little friends that stimulate the big fathers admire the sad girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little girls that avoid the young men understand the joyful doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small girls that criticize the little victims greet the big doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large girls that stimulate the sad teachers avoid the young women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The young girls that understand the miserable boys confuse the huge carpenters	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The large guys that approve the miserable aunts confuse the sad fathers	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that approve the young farmers inspire the tiny men	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big guys that approve the huge fathers observe the sad lawyers	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that encourage the large singers avoid the tiny friends	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that engage the miserable mothers confuse the big uncles	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that greet the miserable girls observe the large aunts	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that greet the large girls stimulate the old lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that inspire the miserable girls remember the large teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The big guys that observe the joyful doctors inspire the huge lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that remember the big girls engage the ecstatic uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that admire the happy athletes encourage the old guys	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old kids that admire the little teachers approve the sad mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that confuse the old boys discourage the miserable men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that confuse the huge boys observe the sad aunts	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little kids that confuse the small men greet the miserable women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that criticize the miserable teachers stimulate the huge doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little kids that discourage the ecstatic women understand the sad men	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that engage the happy poets criticize the large mothers	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old kids that greet the miserable boys avoid the young poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that greet the large poets know the young women	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The old kids that know the large victims criticize the ecstatic boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that observe the huge lawyers stimulate the old athletes	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that remember the miserable farmers inspire the small teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that avoid the young carpenters remember the big women	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that criticize the joyful kids inspire the tiny victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that engage the big men admire the ecstatic carpenters	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that greet the old women inspire the tiny mothers	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that know the joyful uncles confuse the tiny boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that remember the happy poets inspire the small boys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that stimulate the old friends remember the small carpenters	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that understand the tiny poets discourage the ecstatic friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy men that avoid the tiny boys greet the joyful farmers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that confuse the miserable uncles understand the ecstatic women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny men that stimulate the ecstatic friends know the miserable singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young men that stimulate the miserable teachers confuse the large singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that approve the sad aunts inspire the happy guys	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big mothers that approve the large fathers engage the old girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that avoid the joyful boys engage the tiny girls	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that avoid the old farmers know the small girls	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that confuse the small athletes encourage the huge poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that engage the large fathers know the miserable guys	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that greet the huge victims know the old girls	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that observe the ecstatic doctors remember the huge singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poets that admire the ecstatic girls observe the miserable singers	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that approve the sad farmers greet the large victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small poets that avoid the large kids encourage the happy guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old poets that confuse the ecstatic athletes remember the tiny aunts	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that confuse the happy kids engage the sad victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old poets that confuse the tiny kids observe the small athletes	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that criticize the miserable friends inspire the large women	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that discourage the little victims greet the sad aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that greet the sad teachers criticize the young boys	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that know the ecstatic girls observe the huge uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old singers that confuse the happy carpenters avoid the ecstatic lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that criticize the big victims stimulate the little lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singers that discourage the joyful mothers know the small friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that engage the big poets confuse the large men	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little singers that engage the large women greet the joyful poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small singers that inspire the young uncles approve the huge guys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singers that know the sad aunts greet the old athletes	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large singers that observe the old doctors know the big uncles	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that understand the young uncles criticize the small fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that admire the joyful doctors approve the old athletes	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that admire the miserable doctors discourage the young girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that admire the miserable farmers criticize the little women	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that admire the old guys know the large doctors	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The old teachers that approve the joyful women engage the little friends	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that discourage the ecstatic aunts encourage the old uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that discourage the young fathers admire the miserable women	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that discourage the large victims criticize the little aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that discourage the small victims engage the big girls	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that encourage the happy farmers know the ecstatic athletes	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that encourage the old kids inspire the young fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that inspire the large aunts observe the small guys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small teachers that inspire the huge lawyers observe the tiny carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old teachers that know the ecstatic athletes engage the tiny aunts	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that know the large carpenters criticize the small singers	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small teachers that stimulate the miserable poets avoid the tiny lawyers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that admire the large mothers encourage the big lawyers	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that avoid the miserable aunts greet the huge teachers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that avoid the old carpenters approve the big friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that discourage the large carpenters avoid the tiny doctors	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that encourage the miserable friends confuse the old aunts	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncles that encourage the sad victims criticize the joyful farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that encourage the happy women admire the tiny girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that engage the huge singers confuse the young aunts	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that inspire the huge fathers stimulate the ecstatic doctors	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that understand the joyful carpenters avoid the ecstatic athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that understand the ecstatic teachers inspire the small carpenters	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that admire the joyful singers criticize the ecstatic friends	plural	plural	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victims that avoid the tiny farmers understand the small girls	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that discourage the sad women admire the ecstatic kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The old victims that inspire the little doctors encourage the huge lawyers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that inspire the old friends understand the tiny carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that inspire the happy mothers greet the ecstatic lawyers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little victims that remember the young friends inspire the big fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that remember the happy singers encourage the huge carpenters	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that confuse the ecstatic fathers engage the huge boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that criticize the sad aunts encourage the huge poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that criticize the tiny guys observe the ecstatic poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful women that discourage the big poets criticize the small friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that engage the old farmers encourage the young boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that greet the large athletes discourage the old poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful women that greet the old men observe the large singers	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that know the small girls avoid the young lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that observe the ecstatic singers avoid the young men	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable women that remember the big uncles inspire the small friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful women that stimulate the huge girls understand the big friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge women that understand the joyful girls approve the little friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
