subjrel_that_adj	The small athlete that admires the young aunt discourages the joyful woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big athlete that approves the large carpenter admires the joyful lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that approves the young lawyer greets the big teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big athlete that approves the tiny man engages the small guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that approves the large singer understands the little guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old athlete that approves the young uncle stimulates the joyful mother	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young athlete that avoids the little friend encourages the large victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that avoids the joyful guy encourages the ecstatic victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small athlete that avoids the miserable teacher understands the young kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that confuses the joyful friend greets the big doctor	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large athlete that confuses the young lawyer stimulates the tiny friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that confuses the happy man admires the old uncle	singular	singular	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that confuses the huge man criticizes the old uncle	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large athlete that criticizes the old victim knows the young doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old athlete that discourages the small victim criticizes the joyful woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young athlete that discourages the little woman knows the miserable father	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young athlete that encourages the little lawyer engages the huge woman	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that encourages the tiny singer stimulates the happy doctor	singular	singular	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that engages the joyful carpenter admires the big lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old athlete that engages the large carpenter observes the big woman	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old athlete that engages the miserable guy discourages the huge victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old athlete that engages the ecstatic lawyer observes the sad carpenter	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that engages the happy man observes the joyful mother	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The small athlete that engages the young singer observes the little man	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old athlete that engages the young teacher approves the tiny aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big athlete that engages the happy victim criticizes the ecstatic farmer	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that inspires the miserable friend greets the ecstatic singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that inspires the young girl engages the ecstatic poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that inspires the large man understands the big victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that inspires the big uncle approves the joyful carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small athlete that knows the tiny boy engages the joyful poet	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that knows the big farmer discourages the little guy	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that knows the old kid encourages the big mother	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large athlete that observes the young aunt understands the huge kid	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that remembers the large girl greets the huge friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large athlete that remembers the happy girl greets the tiny woman	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that remembers the ecstatic singer confuses the sad woman	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that remembers the little singer inspires the miserable kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that stimulates the tiny father admires the joyful woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that stimulates the small mother knows the large carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small athlete that stimulates the joyful teacher encourages the tiny boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that admires the ecstatic girl criticizes the sad teacher	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that admires the little girl observes the happy woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that admires the miserable guy remembers the small friend	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunt that admires the huge poet approves the tiny farmer	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that admires the young teacher greets the miserable carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that approves the large father admires the old doctor	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that approves the sad uncle confuses the small singer	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that avoids the miserable singer criticizes the big poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that avoids the happy uncle inspires the large man	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that confuses the little doctor greets the small father	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunt that confuses the large man engages the sad guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that criticizes the old friend stimulates the ecstatic lawyer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that criticizes the happy kid engages the old lawyer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that criticizes the little victim remembers the huge uncle	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that discourages the miserable farmer admires the old friend	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunt that discourages the miserable friend encourages the big girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunt that discourages the small girl greets the ecstatic victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that discourages the joyful teacher observes the tiny singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that encourages the huge father confuses the miserable singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunt that encourages the joyful guy discourages the ecstatic poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that encourages the happy poet understands the joyful teacher	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that engages the sad poet encourages the old guy	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunt that greets the sad father inspires the miserable man	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunt that greets the big friend understands the sad kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that greets the big lawyer engages the young friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that inspires the young athlete stimulates the little mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that inspires the joyful carpenter admires the happy man	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunt that inspires the sad friend criticizes the tiny uncle	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that inspires the huge girl discourages the old athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that inspires the huge woman criticizes the happy kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that knows the sad carpenter greets the huge lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that knows the sad doctor remembers the little lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that knows the miserable guy greets the young father	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that knows the miserable mother understands the ecstatic boy	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that knows the happy teacher approves the huge doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that observes the old athlete inspires the big man	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that observes the tiny carpenter discourages the large girl	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that remembers the little lawyer admires the young athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that remembers the miserable lawyer approves the small uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that remembers the sad victim admires the big athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunt that stimulates the miserable athlete remembers the joyful boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that stimulates the joyful friend inspires the huge kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that stimulates the ecstatic mother understands the little boy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that stimulates the happy poet approves the sad kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that stimulates the tiny poet inspires the miserable doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that understands the joyful lawyer avoids the huge teacher	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that understands the young mother observes the huge lawyer	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that understands the large uncle knows the ecstatic lawyer	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that admires the happy athlete inspires the large victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that admires the ecstatic carpenter knows the big girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boy that admires the ecstatic doctor inspires the young carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old boy that admires the large father stimulates the happy kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that approves the happy farmer inspires the miserable girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that approves the joyful father confuses the young teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that approves the big father inspires the happy poet	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boy that avoids the large poet greets the big woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that confuses the huge kid knows the old doctor	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that confuses the miserable victim encourages the large poet	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little boy that criticizes the sad doctor remembers the happy aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that criticizes the large farmer discourages the small woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that criticizes the old singer remembers the ecstatic father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young boy that criticizes the miserable woman observes the happy victim	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young boy that discourages the huge carpenter criticizes the sad aunt	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that discourages the little father criticizes the large athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old boy that discourages the little lawyer engages the small guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boy that discourages the little poet stimulates the old kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that encourages the miserable friend greets the tiny poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that encourages the sad guy engages the big man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young boy that engages the huge guy greets the joyful athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that engages the young kid confuses the huge guy	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that greets the young teacher understands the small victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that greets the joyful uncle criticizes the sad poet	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little boy that inspires the big girl confuses the small friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that inspires the little kid approves the miserable friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that inspires the miserable teacher observes the tiny carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that inspires the young victim admires the happy guy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that knows the sad farmer approves the small father	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that knows the big farmer observes the happy singer	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that knows the tiny father avoids the sad athlete	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The old boy that knows the small man confuses the sad guy	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that knows the young mother greets the ecstatic lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that observes the young girl admires the miserable guy	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that observes the happy girl understands the tiny lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that observes the old guy engages the sad aunt	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that observes the sad man avoids the tiny doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that remembers the miserable man avoids the joyful farmer	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that remembers the old mother avoids the ecstatic carpenter	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that remembers the huge woman confuses the old victim	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that remembers the sad woman greets the tiny girl	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that stimulates the old athlete avoids the happy lawyer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The young boy that stimulates the joyful farmer approves the small victim	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that stimulates the happy poet criticizes the little singer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that stimulates the tiny woman observes the miserable father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little boy that understands the sad friend observes the ecstatic poet	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that understands the little girl greets the sad uncle	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boy that understands the big lawyer confuses the happy father	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that understands the joyful teacher remembers the happy kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that approves the young man stimulates the sad victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that approves the happy uncle inspires the big aunt	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that approves the big uncle stimulates the ecstatic aunt	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that approves the large victim remembers the sad singer	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that avoids the old athlete greets the little woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that avoids the small aunt knows the tiny farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that avoids the miserable doctor approves the joyful farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that avoids the happy guy approves the tiny aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that confuses the tiny aunt avoids the old mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that criticizes the ecstatic woman inspires the tiny teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that discourages the huge boy understands the young father	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that discourages the old girl inspires the miserable guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that discourages the miserable poet inspires the large doctor	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that discourages the happy woman admires the tiny athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that encourages the ecstatic father knows the old boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that encourages the ecstatic kid understands the sad uncle	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that engages the tiny boy avoids the happy singer	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that engages the small friend inspires the joyful lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that engages the little girl stimulates the big kid	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that engages the miserable kid encourages the happy doctor	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that engages the large mother stimulates the little lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that engages the large singer knows the young woman	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that greets the big farmer discourages the ecstatic athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that greets the old poet observes the little singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that inspires the ecstatic athlete remembers the little boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that inspires the joyful woman engages the tiny victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that knows the big doctor criticizes the old lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that knows the large mother greets the old poet	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that remembers the tiny guy discourages the happy singer	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that remembers the huge victim confuses the little kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that stimulates the old farmer engages the happy singer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that understands the young doctor stimulates the little uncle	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that understands the old father observes the large doctor	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that understands the young kid greets the big farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctor that admires the young teacher observes the sad friend	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that admires the huge woman inspires the large kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctor that approves the miserable athlete engages the little aunt	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctor that approves the small carpenter avoids the big aunt	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that approves the happy farmer inspires the tiny athlete	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that approves the miserable woman understands the ecstatic mother	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that avoids the big athlete encourages the old uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that avoids the little athlete understands the young lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that avoids the miserable aunt approves the large uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that avoids the big father criticizes the huge friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that avoids the big father discourages the large aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that avoids the miserable guy inspires the old woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that avoids the young lawyer encourages the miserable friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that confuses the small aunt observes the huge farmer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that criticizes the big girl observes the huge man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that criticizes the small uncle discourages the tiny girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctor that criticizes the joyful uncle discourages the big poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that discourages the big boy knows the huge lawyer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that discourages the small lawyer admires the big carpenter	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that discourages the huge man greets the tiny mother	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that encourages the small carpenter observes the sad girl	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that encourages the tiny teacher knows the young farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that encourages the little teacher observes the young poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that engages the ecstatic athlete admires the large victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctor that engages the little aunt remembers the ecstatic carpenter	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctor that engages the joyful farmer greets the ecstatic woman	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that engages the large kid discourages the sad man	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that engages the large singer approves the huge guy	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that greets the huge boy understands the happy singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that greets the small father avoids the old friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that greets the small singer knows the joyful aunt	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctor that greets the big teacher understands the large father	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that greets the huge victim engages the little carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that inspires the old carpenter avoids the tiny man	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that inspires the huge mother discourages the sad aunt	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that inspires the small teacher remembers the ecstatic athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that inspires the joyful victim knows the miserable girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctor that knows the little carpenter engages the happy mother	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that knows the tiny lawyer greets the young carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that knows the huge victim discourages the tiny poet	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that observes the small girl approves the huge poet	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that remembers the huge farmer inspires the ecstatic mother	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that remembers the little farmer understands the young man	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that remembers the ecstatic girl engages the miserable mother	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctor that remembers the miserable lawyer stimulates the sad singer	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that remembers the happy uncle criticizes the ecstatic man	singular	singular	singular	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that stimulates the big boy greets the ecstatic lawyer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctor that stimulates the miserable farmer encourages the happy guy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that stimulates the young guy discourages the sad singer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that stimulates the large singer greets the sad farmer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctor that understands the large aunt remembers the ecstatic carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctor that understands the old man avoids the big kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that understands the tiny poet confuses the sad mother	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctor that understands the large teacher remembers the miserable victim	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that understands the small woman stimulates the ecstatic girl	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that admires the big guy approves the joyful athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that admires the ecstatic teacher knows the happy athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmer that admires the sad victim remembers the small father	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that approves the big athlete observes the small man	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that approves the young lawyer knows the ecstatic victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that approves the tiny poet understands the happy mother	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that approves the large singer discourages the little father	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that avoids the little athlete criticizes the happy uncle	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmer that avoids the miserable boy greets the young friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmer that avoids the small friend admires the sad woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that avoids the big singer engages the large victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmer that avoids the little victim remembers the sad boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that confuses the big athlete encourages the happy man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that criticizes the joyful doctor stimulates the happy father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that criticizes the sad guy discourages the tiny father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that criticizes the huge guy greets the big kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that criticizes the small victim greets the old guy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmer that discourages the joyful doctor engages the huge teacher	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmer that discourages the little father stimulates the tiny girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that discourages the young poet admires the little boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmer that encourages the ecstatic aunt discourages the old kid	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that encourages the tiny victim engages the old carpenter	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that engages the sad athlete understands the small victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmer that engages the old man stimulates the sad mother	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that engages the huge singer remembers the ecstatic girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that greets the old guy stimulates the large doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that greets the large teacher stimulates the miserable athlete	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmer that greets the tiny uncle discourages the young woman	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that inspires the small guy understands the young victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that inspires the large man observes the ecstatic father	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that inspires the young poet greets the tiny carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that knows the miserable lawyer inspires the tiny man	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmer that knows the old poet inspires the young kid	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmer that knows the small singer confuses the joyful friend	singular	singular	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that observes the happy poet avoids the big boy	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that observes the large singer confuses the sad kid	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that observes the huge uncle approves the young father	singular	singular	singular	observe	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmer that remembers the miserable aunt greets the joyful teacher	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmer that remembers the big boy encourages the little friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmer that remembers the sad father knows the big guy	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that stimulates the huge kid discourages the miserable uncle	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that stimulates the ecstatic kid encourages the old carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that understands the ecstatic boy approves the huge girl	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big father that admires the ecstatic carpenter avoids the miserable aunt	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large father that admires the little carpenter understands the sad aunt	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that admires the happy kid criticizes the joyful doctor	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large father that admires the joyful teacher greets the miserable girl	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that admires the small woman discourages the big mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that approves the joyful mother greets the big teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable father that avoids the large doctor encourages the small farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big father that avoids the joyful lawyer stimulates the large poet	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny father that avoids the ecstatic man criticizes the old singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big father that confuses the tiny boy stimulates the large poet	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny father that confuses the little uncle greets the large friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small father that criticizes the tiny athlete observes the happy girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that criticizes the joyful aunt knows the huge woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable father that criticizes the young victim approves the huge guy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that discourages the huge kid remembers the happy aunt	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The large father that discourages the little singer stimulates the ecstatic boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The large father that discourages the ecstatic victim approves the miserable mother	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that discourages the small woman inspires the happy aunt	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable father that encourages the big carpenter avoids the old lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that encourages the ecstatic friend avoids the young mother	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that encourages the ecstatic teacher remembers the joyful poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge father that engages the happy mother greets the little man	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful father that engages the sad poet inspires the large aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that engages the huge woman confuses the small teacher	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The sad father that greets the tiny athlete encourages the happy mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that greets the huge boy criticizes the tiny friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that greets the big farmer admires the sad girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that inspires the huge friend observes the ecstatic singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that inspires the huge guy observes the miserable poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge father that inspires the old man stimulates the young lawyer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that inspires the huge uncle observes the big teacher	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big father that inspires the ecstatic woman stimulates the happy athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny father that knows the sad athlete admires the large doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big father that knows the young athlete observes the old kid	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that knows the little boy remembers the ecstatic doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The big father that knows the happy farmer encourages the miserable poet	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge father that knows the joyful girl engages the old uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large father that observes the small carpenter confuses the young uncle	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that observes the young farmer stimulates the small doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The large father that observes the tiny man discourages the happy aunt	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that remembers the miserable aunt engages the small friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large father that remembers the huge kid approves the happy guy	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful father that stimulates the young athlete admires the tiny kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad father that stimulates the ecstatic boy greets the large doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that stimulates the happy carpenter criticizes the tiny farmer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that stimulates the huge girl admires the old uncle	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge father that stimulates the sad lawyer confuses the old friend	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small father that stimulates the miserable woman inspires the large kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny father that understands the ecstatic athlete remembers the miserable teacher	singular	singular	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that understands the happy girl admires the small teacher	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful father that understands the tiny victim approves the large carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that admires the tiny farmer engages the young guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little friend that admires the huge teacher observes the happy boy	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that admires the big uncle stimulates the small mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that approves the old athlete confuses the tiny victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young friend that approves the large carpenter inspires the sad guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friend that approves the ecstatic doctor admires the tiny woman	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that approves the little farmer knows the sad guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young friend that approves the happy man criticizes the old poet	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that avoids the big aunt discourages the happy man	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young friend that avoids the big father engages the old guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that avoids the large singer confuses the old guy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that avoids the small teacher greets the happy kid	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young friend that avoids the small victim greets the big carpenter	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old friend that confuses the small lawyer inspires the tiny singer	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little friend that confuses the old woman inspires the sad mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that criticizes the young farmer avoids the ecstatic teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that criticizes the huge father greets the miserable doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that criticizes the huge girl inspires the old man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that criticizes the young kid confuses the huge singer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that criticizes the huge teacher understands the little woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that discourages the sad athlete knows the young boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that discourages the miserable boy confuses the big guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young friend that discourages the miserable father inspires the happy victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that discourages the ecstatic kid criticizes the small woman	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little friend that discourages the joyful singer approves the small uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The little friend that discourages the tiny victim encourages the miserable father	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that encourages the happy kid understands the large poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that encourages the miserable woman admires the big father	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friend that engages the large athlete inspires the ecstatic victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The large friend that engages the big athlete stimulates the miserable teacher	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that engages the sad boy inspires the happy lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that engages the small girl admires the happy father	singular	singular	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that engages the small girl encourages the large poet	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that engages the old girl remembers the sad mother	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that engages the sad girl stimulates the large lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that engages the little teacher knows the young athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friend that engages the old woman discourages the tiny guy	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friend that greets the large mother remembers the huge carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small friend that inspires the sad aunt confuses the little father	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that inspires the little boy confuses the big kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that inspires the small girl admires the old man	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old friend that inspires the young teacher greets the miserable athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that knows the huge athlete stimulates the tiny father	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that knows the old father understands the big singer	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that knows the young man encourages the ecstatic mother	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that knows the sad singer observes the tiny carpenter	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The small friend that observes the big guy stimulates the joyful teacher	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that observes the tiny man discourages the old mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large friend that observes the happy man greets the big poet	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small friend that observes the huge mother inspires the sad doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The large friend that observes the sad poet criticizes the little woman	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friend that observes the huge singer encourages the old lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that remembers the small girl greets the happy father	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old friend that stimulates the big father admires the sad doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that stimulates the large lawyer engages the young girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that stimulates the small man admires the old aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that understands the huge athlete knows the old victim	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young friend that understands the happy athlete observes the joyful kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that understands the small teacher observes the young girl	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that admires the large carpenter avoids the sad uncle	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that admires the large kid remembers the little guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that admires the big man knows the huge poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that approves the old doctor stimulates the huge singer	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girl that approves the joyful lawyer avoids the large victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little girl that avoids the young father discourages the miserable victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girl that avoids the large friend confuses the big lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that avoids the young friend engages the sad teacher	singular	singular	singular	avoid	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that avoids the huge kid approves the sad man	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that avoids the miserable singer stimulates the little athlete	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that confuses the tiny father discourages the little man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that confuses the sad lawyer stimulates the big poet	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that confuses the ecstatic victim encourages the little poet	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that criticizes the tiny kid engages the small doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that discourages the huge friend confuses the large athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that discourages the old uncle understands the little lawyer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that encourages the big athlete understands the young mother	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that encourages the small father observes the big farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that encourages the sad lawyer knows the joyful aunt	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girl that encourages the large man engages the old teacher	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that engages the old carpenter approves the large athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that engages the tiny carpenter discourages the joyful lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that engages the big doctor encourages the old man	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girl that engages the big man inspires the sad friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big girl that engages the huge victim knows the joyful teacher	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big girl that greets the ecstatic farmer stimulates the happy friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girl that greets the small farmer stimulates the miserable victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young girl that greets the miserable guy remembers the happy carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that greets the tiny kid discourages the miserable father	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that inspires the large athlete confuses the huge aunt	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that inspires the ecstatic father engages the miserable kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girl that inspires the young friend criticizes the small lawyer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young girl that inspires the happy guy greets the big father	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that inspires the little kid greets the huge farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young girl that knows the sad uncle encourages the miserable woman	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that knows the little woman criticizes the huge victim	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big girl that observes the huge farmer avoids the miserable friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that observes the little father engages the huge kid	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girl that observes the miserable man admires the tiny father	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that observes the tiny singer engages the big poet	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that observes the large victim remembers the big lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that observes the happy woman inspires the little guy	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that remembers the joyful athlete discourages the ecstatic boy	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that remembers the sad aunt observes the tiny kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big girl that remembers the happy father greets the small singer	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that remembers the huge friend discourages the miserable man	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girl that remembers the young woman greets the big boy	singular	singular	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that stimulates the miserable lawyer knows the tiny singer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that stimulates the joyful poet inspires the young singer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little girl that understands the tiny mother discourages the ecstatic guy	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that understands the sad woman observes the ecstatic aunt	singular	singular	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that admires the happy doctor avoids the joyful boy	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that admires the huge father inspires the happy kid	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big guy that admires the sad father observes the little athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guy that approves the large boy greets the little teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young guy that approves the tiny boy remembers the large athlete	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guy that approves the joyful friend stimulates the young man	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young guy that approves the huge uncle criticizes the ecstatic lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that avoids the young athlete remembers the old man	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that avoids the sad carpenter discourages the happy doctor	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large guy that avoids the tiny teacher criticizes the miserable mother	singular	singular	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The small guy that avoids the ecstatic uncle knows the young woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that confuses the small aunt remembers the old friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that confuses the large friend avoids the old victim	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that criticizes the happy athlete understands the ecstatic carpenter	singular	singular	singular	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that criticizes the tiny farmer inspires the joyful lawyer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guy that criticizes the big farmer remembers the large lawyer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that criticizes the little kid admires the ecstatic man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that criticizes the young mother greets the huge man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young guy that discourages the joyful doctor approves the old girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guy that discourages the young man confuses the huge uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large guy that discourages the young poet stimulates the small doctor	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young guy that discourages the sad singer stimulates the little girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The large guy that encourages the happy athlete inspires the huge poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that encourages the tiny carpenter criticizes the large farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that encourages the small poet knows the joyful lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young guy that engages the little athlete criticizes the huge girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old guy that engages the happy athlete inspires the tiny man	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The large guy that engages the old kid discourages the happy boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small guy that engages the large man criticizes the ecstatic singer	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that greets the old friend observes the happy father	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that greets the big kid avoids the young poet	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that greets the large lawyer stimulates the miserable farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guy that greets the old teacher admires the huge mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old guy that inspires the young friend observes the big poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that inspires the miserable singer greets the sad carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that knows the miserable aunt understands the ecstatic man	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old guy that knows the tiny lawyer observes the small woman	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that knows the huge victim engages the small farmer	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that observes the huge kid admires the tiny carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guy that observes the huge lawyer engages the joyful doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that remembers the huge athlete inspires the old father	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guy that remembers the ecstatic poet engages the tiny man	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large guy that remembers the happy victim avoids the tiny mother	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that stimulates the sad doctor encourages the young athlete	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young guy that stimulates the little farmer engages the big doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guy that stimulates the ecstatic mother understands the miserable doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old guy that stimulates the little woman discourages the happy farmer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that understands the huge boy discourages the big singer	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that understands the tiny doctor inspires the sad friend	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that understands the tiny singer avoids the young farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small kid that admires the huge aunt greets the little athlete	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that admires the little doctor greets the ecstatic poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that admires the huge farmer observes the tiny mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that admires the large father inspires the huge teacher	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that admires the huge man approves the happy boy	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kid that approves the tiny doctor confuses the miserable uncle	singular	singular	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that approves the big doctor inspires the joyful aunt	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that approves the miserable father observes the huge lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that approves the sad poet remembers the big farmer	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small kid that avoids the tiny aunt remembers the huge girl	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that avoids the huge girl knows the young victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kid that avoids the sad man remembers the ecstatic aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small kid that avoids the big victim knows the sad singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kid that avoids the ecstatic woman inspires the small mother	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The large kid that confuses the little carpenter observes the miserable boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kid that confuses the big girl remembers the small guy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that confuses the huge teacher engages the sad poet	singular	singular	singular	confuse	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that criticizes the sad doctor admires the ecstatic girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kid that criticizes the joyful singer discourages the little lawyer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that criticizes the sad woman approves the big poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that criticizes the little woman stimulates the happy father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that discourages the young aunt understands the large victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that discourages the tiny father observes the joyful poet	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that discourages the joyful father understands the happy poet	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that discourages the sad poet remembers the tiny aunt	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that discourages the huge singer encourages the young girl	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kid that discourages the little woman remembers the happy friend	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The little kid that encourages the miserable man understands the huge uncle	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that encourages the big singer knows the huge teacher	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that engages the huge doctor encourages the miserable uncle	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that engages the happy girl greets the old woman	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that engages the ecstatic uncle remembers the joyful friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small kid that greets the big aunt understands the tiny man	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little kid that greets the big poet understands the miserable woman	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that greets the huge teacher knows the big woman	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that greets the large uncle avoids the miserable woman	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that greets the sad uncle criticizes the young mother	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little kid that inspires the big boy remembers the miserable farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that inspires the large carpenter engages the tiny doctor	singular	singular	singular	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large kid that inspires the happy man observes the tiny aunt	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that inspires the tiny victim knows the ecstatic doctor	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kid that knows the huge doctor greets the small lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that knows the miserable farmer engages the small aunt	singular	singular	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that knows the big mother encourages the young aunt	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that knows the little mother greets the huge woman	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that knows the joyful victim discourages the small mother	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that knows the ecstatic woman understands the big friend	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that observes the young athlete criticizes the old father	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that observes the old aunt discourages the large lawyer	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little kid that observes the joyful carpenter stimulates the miserable man	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little kid that observes the joyful farmer inspires the sad uncle	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small kid that observes the tiny girl criticizes the large man	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that observes the sad teacher confuses the happy mother	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kid that remembers the happy athlete encourages the small aunt	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little kid that remembers the large doctor inspires the ecstatic girl	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kid that remembers the little father understands the miserable man	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that remembers the miserable lawyer avoids the sad aunt	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large kid that remembers the small mother admires the joyful father	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that remembers the young victim avoids the huge father	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that stimulates the large aunt understands the ecstatic man	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large kid that stimulates the miserable man admires the big girl	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little kid that stimulates the old mother knows the happy athlete	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that understands the happy man inspires the little carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that understands the large victim encourages the sad athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that understands the small woman confuses the tiny doctor	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small kid that understands the young woman knows the sad girl	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that admires the old athlete engages the large doctor	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that admires the young boy avoids the ecstatic father	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that admires the old friend engages the sad uncle	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that admires the happy girl discourages the big mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that admires the sad teacher stimulates the happy guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that approves the happy father knows the ecstatic friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that avoids the ecstatic athlete inspires the large teacher	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that avoids the big athlete remembers the miserable father	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that avoids the tiny carpenter admires the small doctor	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that confuses the ecstatic aunt understands the big woman	singular	singular	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that criticizes the miserable girl admires the huge carpenter	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that criticizes the tiny girl greets the big uncle	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that criticizes the small singer avoids the happy poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that criticizes the big singer discourages the small aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that criticizes the joyful woman encourages the little kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that discourages the joyful farmer confuses the tiny uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that discourages the ecstatic friend remembers the huge boy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that discourages the little man greets the young guy	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that encourages the huge aunt greets the tiny farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that encourages the happy guy knows the large father	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that encourages the sad singer avoids the little farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that encourages the happy singer observes the sad teacher	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that encourages the joyful uncle discourages the little boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that encourages the big victim confuses the small kid	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that encourages the big victim engages the small doctor	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that engages the young carpenter knows the ecstatic girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that engages the sad kid avoids the young father	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that engages the big man criticizes the happy singer	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that engages the ecstatic man remembers the sad doctor	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that engages the joyful woman discourages the tiny athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that greets the miserable farmer criticizes the young girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that greets the ecstatic girl admires the tiny uncle	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that greets the big poet approves the ecstatic farmer	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that inspires the tiny aunt understands the small father	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that inspires the big guy encourages the huge singer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that inspires the big kid remembers the large athlete	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that inspires the huge poet criticizes the sad man	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that knows the happy poet avoids the big athlete	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that knows the small woman remembers the large doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that observes the sad teacher inspires the joyful athlete	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that remembers the old kid avoids the ecstatic teacher	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that stimulates the little aunt observes the small carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that stimulates the tiny teacher approves the large singer	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that stimulates the tiny uncle discourages the small poet	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that stimulates the small woman inspires the ecstatic carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that understands the happy victim approves the joyful athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that understands the young woman inspires the little victim	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old man that admires the little guy confuses the happy mother	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny man that approves the ecstatic friend understands the huge singer	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The small man that approves the ecstatic girl admires the huge carpenter	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that approves the joyful lawyer inspires the old mother	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that approves the young poet knows the happy kid	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old man that approves the young uncle knows the tiny girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that avoids the young guy approves the huge victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that criticizes the small girl engages the miserable boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge man that criticizes the small lawyer approves the young mother	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that discourages the happy girl knows the young uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small man that discourages the large woman understands the happy mother	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge man that encourages the large boy avoids the small girl	singular	singular	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge man that encourages the little girl observes the big singer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that encourages the large mother criticizes the ecstatic guy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large man that encourages the ecstatic woman understands the happy athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that engages the tiny farmer stimulates the sad boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that engages the large friend observes the big victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge man that greets the miserable athlete discourages the big carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful man that greets the miserable farmer avoids the young carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that greets the huge girl encourages the old boy	singular	singular	singular	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy man that greets the tiny girl engages the big father	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny man that greets the small guy observes the sad boy	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge man that greets the happy lawyer avoids the miserable poet	singular	singular	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that greets the small victim understands the huge guy	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that greets the happy woman knows the old doctor	singular	singular	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that_adj	The little man that inspires the small athlete approves the tiny kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that inspires the large boy greets the old teacher	singular	singular	singular	inspire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little man that inspires the sad carpenter avoids the big doctor	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that inspires the joyful farmer stimulates the old mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old man that inspires the large friend understands the huge doctor	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old man that inspires the miserable guy encourages the sad carpenter	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny man that inspires the miserable lawyer stimulates the old friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little man that inspires the tiny poet confuses the joyful uncle	singular	singular	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that inspires the little woman approves the tiny mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old man that knows the huge athlete understands the happy farmer	singular	singular	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful man that knows the small aunt criticizes the huge friend	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old man that knows the ecstatic poet stimulates the large aunt	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old man that observes the young athlete encourages the miserable uncle	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that remembers the young farmer inspires the ecstatic singer	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny man that remembers the large teacher observes the happy doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that remembers the young woman engages the happy kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that stimulates the miserable boy understands the sad kid	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge man that stimulates the young doctor avoids the tiny carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that stimulates the small doctor encourages the tiny aunt	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that stimulates the small lawyer encourages the large victim	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old man that stimulates the little lawyer knows the miserable doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that understands the little lawyer criticizes the old victim	singular	singular	singular	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The small man that understands the young mother encourages the big doctor	singular	singular	singular	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that understands the small singer engages the tiny athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that admires the old athlete avoids the happy poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that admires the happy carpenter encourages the old woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that admires the joyful father stimulates the small friend	singular	singular	singular	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that admires the huge girl engages the little poet	singular	singular	singular	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that approves the big friend observes the happy boy	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mother that approves the little friend understands the large teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that approves the little girl criticizes the small carpenter	singular	singular	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that approves the young girl understands the old guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old mother that approves the huge man inspires the big friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young mother that approves the old uncle engages the ecstatic teacher	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that approves the ecstatic woman greets the old victim	singular	singular	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that avoids the young athlete stimulates the happy victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that avoids the little aunt encourages the old victim	singular	singular	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that avoids the happy doctor greets the small friend	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that avoids the ecstatic guy stimulates the young lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The large mother that avoids the joyful woman knows the happy boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that confuses the large carpenter knows the small woman	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that confuses the small farmer encourages the joyful boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mother that confuses the young father criticizes the miserable uncle	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that confuses the old poet stimulates the young boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old mother that confuses the large teacher avoids the young athlete	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that confuses the sad uncle remembers the huge poet	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that criticizes the young father remembers the miserable woman	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that discourages the old father approves the big doctor	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that discourages the sad singer engages the joyful lawyer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that discourages the small teacher encourages the happy doctor	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that encourages the sad aunt engages the happy man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that encourages the sad girl confuses the huge kid	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that encourages the young victim approves the old woman	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small mother that encourages the happy woman knows the huge boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that engages the little friend stimulates the small woman	singular	singular	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that engages the old girl discourages the tiny kid	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that engages the sad girl inspires the young man	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small mother that engages the ecstatic girl knows the young father	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young mother that engages the tiny girl remembers the old aunt	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that greets the old aunt understands the ecstatic kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old mother that greets the large farmer admires the happy uncle	singular	singular	singular	greet	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mother that inspires the old carpenter admires the tiny boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The large mother that inspires the little teacher understands the big guy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that knows the sad teacher inspires the tiny friend	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that knows the huge uncle encourages the small guy	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large mother that observes the ecstatic boy confuses the old father	singular	singular	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that observes the ecstatic farmer encourages the young friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that observes the large man encourages the big kid	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young mother that observes the huge poet greets the joyful woman	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that observes the big victim discourages the small teacher	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mother that observes the sad woman avoids the big uncle	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that remembers the old boy inspires the young aunt	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small mother that remembers the big friend stimulates the little lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that remembers the large girl avoids the big father	singular	singular	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that remembers the old uncle understands the small teacher	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that remembers the large woman observes the tiny teacher	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large mother that stimulates the small aunt understands the big father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that stimulates the tiny kid discourages the old woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small mother that understands the young athlete inspires the joyful girl	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that understands the miserable aunt inspires the happy carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old mother that understands the huge doctor stimulates the large friend	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mother that understands the ecstatic father confuses the joyful uncle	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that understands the happy guy avoids the large poet	singular	singular	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that understands the miserable guy greets the old kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young poet that admires the miserable girl confuses the happy woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that admires the old singer knows the big father	singular	singular	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that admires the tiny teacher encourages the big farmer	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big poet that approves the happy aunt admires the joyful girl	singular	singular	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big poet that approves the joyful boy discourages the sad aunt	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that approves the young singer inspires the big kid	singular	singular	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that avoids the old aunt greets the little boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that avoids the big kid stimulates the ecstatic singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that avoids the big teacher confuses the tiny aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that confuses the sad aunt approves the small teacher	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old poet that confuses the sad aunt observes the tiny boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that confuses the happy doctor approves the miserable victim	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old poet that confuses the small friend criticizes the big carpenter	singular	singular	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young poet that confuses the little lawyer discourages the old victim	singular	singular	singular	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that confuses the small victim observes the happy boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young poet that criticizes the small teacher inspires the miserable aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that criticizes the huge uncle engages the big father	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that criticizes the small woman discourages the little athlete	singular	singular	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that discourages the young aunt encourages the happy kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that discourages the huge carpenter understands the sad teacher	singular	singular	singular	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that discourages the sad doctor admires the huge man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that discourages the large father encourages the miserable singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little poet that discourages the joyful victim observes the large man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poet that encourages the joyful guy engages the large victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that encourages the young mother remembers the huge lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old poet that encourages the ecstatic mother understands the miserable boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that engages the old carpenter understands the big doctor	singular	singular	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that engages the happy farmer knows the big athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that engages the miserable woman knows the happy kid	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The little poet that greets the sad athlete discourages the big man	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that greets the young father stimulates the miserable victim	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old poet that greets the miserable friend remembers the big lawyer	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young poet that greets the ecstatic man understands the large boy	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that greets the huge victim approves the big boy	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that inspires the sad aunt discourages the little kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that inspires the miserable guy understands the young victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that inspires the large singer encourages the big friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that inspires the joyful uncle understands the little teacher	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that knows the old father inspires the ecstatic athlete	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that knows the small kid discourages the happy guy	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that knows the young teacher approves the happy farmer	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The little poet that knows the ecstatic uncle avoids the big guy	singular	singular	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The young poet that knows the joyful woman observes the small aunt	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young poet that observes the sad mother encourages the miserable guy	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poet that remembers the ecstatic boy encourages the sad farmer	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little poet that remembers the large carpenter approves the joyful kid	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that remembers the small lawyer knows the big father	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that remembers the miserable mother observes the little teacher	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old poet that remembers the large woman engages the small farmer	singular	singular	singular	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little poet that understands the miserable kid admires the large carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that admires the huge athlete confuses the big aunt	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that admires the little aunt approves the ecstatic victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small singer that admires the happy teacher inspires the joyful woman	singular	singular	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that approves the old woman knows the huge athlete	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big singer that avoids the happy aunt observes the ecstatic athlete	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singer that avoids the tiny guy remembers the happy teacher	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that avoids the big uncle approves the ecstatic aunt	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The little singer that confuses the happy father remembers the miserable friend	singular	singular	singular	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that confuses the little friend encourages the small boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that criticizes the young aunt observes the huge teacher	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that criticizes the joyful friend observes the tiny victim	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that criticizes the large girl admires the little boy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that criticizes the young mother avoids the small aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that discourages the happy carpenter approves the small man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big singer that discourages the happy farmer approves the joyful athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singer that discourages the large mother confuses the tiny kid	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that discourages the small uncle encourages the young doctor	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big singer that encourages the sad boy admires the young aunt	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that engages the young carpenter knows the old mother	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that engages the tiny friend discourages the joyful doctor	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that engages the huge girl approves the large athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small singer that engages the young kid discourages the happy woman	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that engages the ecstatic lawyer discourages the happy uncle	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little singer that engages the joyful woman greets the miserable victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that greets the old athlete remembers the huge carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small singer that greets the ecstatic boy approves the big girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that greets the huge lawyer understands the large friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young singer that greets the small victim understands the old carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that inspires the little doctor observes the tiny teacher	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that inspires the big girl understands the tiny farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little singer that inspires the miserable teacher remembers the big victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singer that inspires the sad uncle remembers the miserable farmer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that inspires the big victim stimulates the little boy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that knows the joyful girl admires the large teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that knows the large girl approves the tiny teacher	singular	singular	singular	know	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that knows the little poet observes the ecstatic uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young singer that observes the miserable uncle greets the small doctor	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that remembers the little doctor confuses the huge athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that remembers the happy lawyer understands the huge guy	singular	singular	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little singer that remembers the old mother confuses the miserable teacher	singular	singular	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that remembers the sad teacher admires the happy uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that remembers the huge victim approves the miserable friend	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that stimulates the huge guy knows the tiny man	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that stimulates the happy kid approves the little friend	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that stimulates the tiny lawyer inspires the large doctor	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that understands the sad carpenter engages the joyful father	singular	singular	singular	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young singer that understands the little uncle admires the sad kid	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that admires the sad doctor discourages the ecstatic guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that admires the big man encourages the ecstatic carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that admires the large victim observes the old aunt	singular	singular	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that approves the little aunt stimulates the small father	singular	singular	singular	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that avoids the little aunt inspires the ecstatic woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old teacher that avoids the large mother admires the small woman	singular	singular	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that avoids the huge poet confuses the little farmer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that confuses the joyful lawyer avoids the ecstatic uncle	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that confuses the old mother knows the ecstatic man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small teacher that criticizes the young athlete knows the tiny girl	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that criticizes the tiny aunt avoids the miserable victim	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that criticizes the big singer observes the sad mother	singular	singular	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that discourages the sad athlete confuses the big singer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that discourages the happy boy admires the miserable man	singular	singular	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that discourages the small father encourages the ecstatic victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that discourages the ecstatic girl remembers the large aunt	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that discourages the happy guy greets the old carpenter	singular	singular	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that discourages the little woman avoids the tiny uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that encourages the big aunt engages the joyful farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that encourages the big carpenter approves the large victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that encourages the young carpenter confuses the sad victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old teacher that encourages the sad doctor admires the miserable father	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that encourages the large woman criticizes the little man	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that engages the miserable aunt inspires the old friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that engages the sad poet confuses the old farmer	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that greets the ecstatic aunt observes the young singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that greets the sad aunt stimulates the small girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that greets the small doctor inspires the little kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big teacher that greets the old friend stimulates the ecstatic girl	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that greets the small guy engages the happy friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that inspires the small boy criticizes the joyful poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that knows the small carpenter greets the huge woman	singular	singular	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big teacher that knows the large kid inspires the tiny farmer	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that knows the happy uncle inspires the large victim	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old teacher that observes the tiny boy avoids the ecstatic girl	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large teacher that observes the joyful friend encourages the old carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that observes the big lawyer knows the old uncle	singular	singular	singular	observe	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that remembers the young doctor inspires the joyful lawyer	singular	singular	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that remembers the large father observes the small doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that stimulates the happy aunt criticizes the small poet	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that stimulates the joyful aunt inspires the little woman	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that stimulates the small boy knows the old man	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that stimulates the joyful doctor discourages the happy man	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that stimulates the little guy criticizes the miserable carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that understands the sad friend confuses the miserable father	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that understands the large man approves the little singer	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that understands the happy uncle admires the big aunt	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that admires the huge athlete criticizes the little carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that admires the tiny poet confuses the old carpenter	singular	singular	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that admires the huge singer approves the old victim	singular	singular	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that approves the miserable lawyer remembers the old athlete	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that avoids the old friend inspires the little girl	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that avoids the small man remembers the old boy	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that avoids the sad teacher discourages the happy singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that avoids the sad teacher remembers the old singer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that confuses the huge carpenter knows the joyful mother	singular	singular	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that confuses the happy farmer encourages the ecstatic girl	singular	singular	singular	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that criticizes the miserable aunt avoids the sad mother	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncle that criticizes the happy carpenter stimulates the sad aunt	singular	singular	singular	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that criticizes the joyful father encourages the big lawyer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that criticizes the large friend avoids the tiny poet	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that criticizes the joyful guy inspires the huge mother	singular	singular	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that discourages the small aunt avoids the large lawyer	singular	singular	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that discourages the huge guy remembers the tiny poet	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that discourages the happy lawyer encourages the large teacher	singular	singular	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that discourages the joyful woman remembers the young athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that encourages the miserable aunt remembers the old farmer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncle that encourages the huge friend engages the large aunt	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncle that encourages the joyful mother remembers the sad girl	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that encourages the sad singer knows the joyful victim	singular	singular	singular	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that engages the miserable aunt greets the little guy	singular	singular	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that engages the large boy discourages the young victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that engages the small girl criticizes the happy guy	singular	singular	singular	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncle that engages the happy girl discourages the ecstatic lawyer	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that engages the young man avoids the little victim	singular	singular	singular	engage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that greets the large guy stimulates the happy teacher	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that greets the miserable mother understands the large carpenter	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that greets the tiny victim discourages the little friend	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that inspires the tiny athlete knows the large father	singular	singular	singular	inspire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that inspires the big athlete stimulates the small victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that inspires the tiny farmer encourages the sad victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncle that inspires the joyful girl avoids the large poet	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that inspires the joyful guy admires the large friend	singular	singular	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncle that inspires the young man avoids the tiny kid	singular	singular	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that inspires the miserable mother criticizes the young girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that inspires the large singer remembers the little guy	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that knows the ecstatic doctor remembers the huge guy	singular	singular	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that knows the small lawyer encourages the huge father	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that observes the joyful athlete discourages the happy singer	singular	singular	singular	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that observes the tiny farmer criticizes the small friend	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that observes the large father inspires the young carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that remembers the joyful boy admires the young father	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncle that remembers the happy boy approves the young athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that remembers the old farmer encourages the sad woman	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that stimulates the big farmer criticizes the old guy	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that stimulates the ecstatic woman confuses the joyful father	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that understands the large boy greets the sad carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that understands the little doctor confuses the sad athlete	singular	singular	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that understands the small lawyer stimulates the happy mother	singular	singular	singular	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncle that understands the joyful mother approves the tiny teacher	singular	singular	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that understands the tiny teacher knows the large boy	singular	singular	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young victim that admires the huge singer discourages the small father	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little victim that approves the happy doctor encourages the big uncle	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large victim that approves the huge lawyer remembers the miserable doctor	singular	singular	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that approves the large mother discourages the small guy	singular	singular	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that approves the big poet engages the ecstatic friend	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large victim that avoids the ecstatic athlete observes the happy lawyer	singular	singular	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old victim that avoids the large poet inspires the big athlete	singular	singular	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victim that confuses the small friend approves the old man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that criticizes the miserable aunt approves the ecstatic guy	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The little victim that criticizes the large boy admires the joyful friend	singular	singular	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victim that criticizes the miserable carpenter approves the small uncle	singular	singular	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The little victim that criticizes the miserable doctor knows the small mother	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victim that criticizes the ecstatic teacher avoids the joyful kid	singular	singular	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big victim that criticizes the old teacher knows the happy farmer	singular	singular	singular	criticize	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large victim that discourages the young doctor remembers the joyful carpenter	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young victim that discourages the tiny farmer criticizes the small uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that discourages the tiny guy criticizes the sad athlete	singular	singular	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little victim that encourages the happy boy criticizes the ecstatic carpenter	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that encourages the ecstatic boy engages the young kid	singular	singular	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young victim that encourages the ecstatic girl inspires the big lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that encourages the joyful guy discourages the miserable poet	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big victim that encourages the happy lawyer criticizes the large mother	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large victim that encourages the young poet remembers the sad woman	singular	singular	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that encourages the sad singer admires the joyful kid	singular	singular	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that encourages the young singer observes the big boy	singular	singular	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victim that engages the young carpenter encourages the sad singer	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young victim that engages the old doctor encourages the big boy	singular	singular	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victim that engages the small farmer observes the old athlete	singular	singular	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that engages the big singer confuses the old father	singular	singular	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young victim that engages the tiny singer remembers the happy uncle	singular	singular	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that engages the large woman inspires the sad doctor	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that engages the sad woman knows the young friend	singular	singular	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that greets the ecstatic athlete stimulates the young singer	singular	singular	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young victim that greets the happy kid inspires the big guy	singular	singular	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old victim that greets the miserable lawyer discourages the huge boy	singular	singular	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that inspires the old farmer criticizes the big aunt	singular	singular	singular	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little victim that inspires the miserable singer encourages the sad lawyer	singular	singular	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victim that knows the ecstatic athlete inspires the happy woman	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that knows the huge carpenter inspires the old lawyer	singular	singular	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that knows the tiny father stimulates the sad man	singular	singular	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that knows the ecstatic poet criticizes the young uncle	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big victim that knows the ecstatic singer criticizes the old friend	singular	singular	singular	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old victim that knows the sad teacher encourages the joyful kid	singular	singular	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large victim that observes the little guy inspires the miserable aunt	singular	singular	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that observes the large lawyer avoids the small kid	singular	singular	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victim that remembers the sad carpenter knows the ecstatic boy	singular	singular	singular	remember	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that remembers the large friend admires the miserable guy	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victim that remembers the sad uncle admires the big doctor	singular	singular	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that stimulates the small carpenter knows the miserable friend	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that understands the old kid inspires the huge father	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy woman that admires the big man discourages the huge lawyer	singular	singular	singular	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small woman that admires the little teacher avoids the ecstatic singer	singular	singular	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that admires the young uncle understands the large guy	singular	singular	singular	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that approves the huge boy engages the happy father	singular	singular	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small woman that approves the happy doctor observes the big singer	singular	singular	singular	approve	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy woman that approves the little father knows the sad lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small woman that approves the sad singer knows the old lawyer	singular	singular	singular	approve	know
subjrel_that_adj	The happy woman that approves the old uncle encourages the young kid	singular	singular	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that avoids the big mother approves the old doctor	singular	singular	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad woman that confuses the happy aunt inspires the young boy	singular	singular	singular	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge woman that confuses the old boy avoids the happy poet	singular	singular	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that confuses the sad doctor stimulates the little man	singular	singular	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that criticizes the tiny kid remembers the happy doctor	singular	singular	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old woman that criticizes the sad lawyer engages the ecstatic man	singular	singular	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old woman that criticizes the miserable singer greets the joyful athlete	singular	singular	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that discourages the joyful father remembers the young mother	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge woman that discourages the ecstatic kid confuses the young victim	singular	singular	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old woman that discourages the big singer remembers the sad uncle	singular	singular	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that encourages the ecstatic carpenter approves the joyful athlete	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small woman that encourages the happy carpenter criticizes the miserable friend	singular	singular	singular	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that encourages the big farmer discourages the large lawyer	singular	singular	singular	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that encourages the old lawyer greets the little friend	singular	singular	singular	encourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that encourages the tiny singer approves the happy kid	singular	singular	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that engages the old carpenter inspires the tiny kid	singular	singular	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that engages the joyful friend discourages the ecstatic girl	singular	singular	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that greets the young poet understands the miserable kid	singular	singular	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad woman that inspires the big carpenter approves the joyful man	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that inspires the ecstatic father approves the sad victim	singular	singular	singular	inspire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that inspires the young father remembers the sad girl	singular	singular	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that inspires the sad uncle observes the large mother	singular	singular	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that knows the big carpenter discourages the miserable mother	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small woman that knows the happy father discourages the huge doctor	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that knows the small lawyer observes the tiny singer	singular	singular	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy woman that knows the big singer discourages the small father	singular	singular	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that observes the young athlete criticizes the sad teacher	singular	singular	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large woman that observes the miserable athlete encourages the small carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge woman that observes the little farmer stimulates the old aunt	singular	singular	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that observes the huge poet remembers the little father	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that observes the huge poet remembers the sad guy	singular	singular	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that observes the old teacher greets the sad carpenter	singular	singular	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that remembers the large carpenter discourages the big poet	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that remembers the miserable friend encourages the joyful farmer	singular	singular	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small woman that remembers the old guy approves the joyful athlete	singular	singular	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that remembers the ecstatic poet discourages the happy uncle	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that remembers the sad victim discourages the ecstatic father	singular	singular	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large woman that stimulates the joyful doctor criticizes the small carpenter	singular	singular	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy woman that understands the ecstatic athlete discourages the little carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge woman that understands the tiny guy admires the joyful carpenter	singular	singular	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy woman that understands the sad mother inspires the miserable farmer	singular	singular	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big athlete that admires the miserable carpenter engages the little singers	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big athlete that admires the old farmer encourages the large carpenters	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that approves the old farmer stimulates the joyful men	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big athlete that approves the miserable girl greets the large men	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that approves the joyful lawyer encourages the small women	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that approves the joyful man stimulates the ecstatic guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that approves the small singer understands the sad boys	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young athlete that approves the huge teacher engages the small girls	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that approves the small victim remembers the big kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old athlete that avoids the huge father knows the happy uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large athlete that avoids the joyful girl knows the big men	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that avoids the large poet discourages the huge lawyers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that avoids the young teacher knows the old kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that confuses the little guy remembers the young uncles	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that criticizes the young boy engages the small mothers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old athlete that criticizes the small boy greets the joyful doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that discourages the old farmer admires the large lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that discourages the ecstatic friend admires the little poets	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that discourages the small friend greets the miserable men	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that discourages the young friend stimulates the little farmers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The large athlete that discourages the young lawyer engages the happy singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that discourages the large singer knows the miserable friends	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that discourages the sad woman observes the ecstatic carpenters	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that encourages the tiny doctor discourages the little girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old athlete that encourages the happy guy engages the tiny women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that encourages the old mother knows the sad doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that encourages the miserable singer approves the tiny boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that encourages the sad teacher remembers the ecstatic farmers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that encourages the miserable woman avoids the large poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that engages the ecstatic carpenter criticizes the large fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that engages the happy father inspires the young kids	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that engages the miserable friend avoids the tiny singers	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that engages the little mother encourages the tiny victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that engages the happy mother knows the joyful friends	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that engages the young teacher understands the small carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young athlete that greets the little boy admires the old fathers	singular	singular	plural	greet	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that greets the happy farmer confuses the big teachers	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that greets the big lawyer avoids the tiny doctors	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small athlete that greets the ecstatic teacher inspires the little poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The large athlete that inspires the small doctor discourages the old friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that inspires the small mother engages the young girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that inspires the old poet remembers the large teachers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that inspires the small singer confuses the large lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that inspires the miserable singer understands the ecstatic victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that inspires the tiny teacher confuses the little aunts	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that knows the old farmer inspires the miserable doctors	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The large athlete that observes the sad aunt understands the huge guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big athlete that observes the old carpenter confuses the happy fathers	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that observes the small teacher criticizes the tiny uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large athlete that observes the huge victim remembers the big farmers	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that remembers the tiny lawyer understands the old singers	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that remembers the young uncle criticizes the old kids	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big athlete that stimulates the little friend discourages the huge mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large athlete that stimulates the joyful teacher criticizes the huge girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that understands the young boy engages the big lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big athlete that understands the ecstatic doctor greets the large women	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that understands the huge teacher avoids the joyful fathers	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that understands the small teacher knows the young friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that admires the large boy stimulates the huge uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that admires the tiny man criticizes the happy teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunt that admires the happy poet encourages the old uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that admires the young victim understands the big boys	singular	singular	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that approves the ecstatic boy stimulates the happy fathers	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that approves the young lawyer stimulates the big kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that avoids the huge friend criticizes the old guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that avoids the tiny poet inspires the happy women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that avoids the old woman criticizes the ecstatic singers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that confuses the huge father admires the happy poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunt that confuses the huge kid inspires the young singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that confuses the large uncle stimulates the old carpenters	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that confuses the joyful victim encourages the young fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that confuses the sad woman discourages the joyful men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunt that criticizes the big victim inspires the tiny lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that encourages the miserable athlete confuses the happy women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that encourages the small father confuses the miserable singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that encourages the huge father observes the happy farmers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that encourages the large teacher observes the miserable fathers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that encourages the tiny woman understands the sad singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunt that engages the large carpenter approves the ecstatic poets	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that engages the old farmer understands the tiny guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that greets the ecstatic girl knows the joyful lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that inspires the happy athlete observes the huge lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunt that inspires the happy friend engages the small boys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunt that inspires the sad kid remembers the big singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that inspires the old man discourages the large singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that inspires the little poet admires the joyful mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that inspires the happy woman stimulates the joyful boys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that knows the large athlete observes the old mothers	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that knows the huge athlete remembers the ecstatic kids	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that knows the large father engages the miserable farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that knows the little father stimulates the sad farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that knows the big friend confuses the huge farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that knows the happy kid encourages the old fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that knows the young lawyer engages the miserable singers	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunt that knows the happy poet approves the little victims	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that knows the little poet encourages the big victims	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that knows the small singer avoids the sad lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that knows the huge singer confuses the small farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that observes the ecstatic doctor avoids the small uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that remembers the miserable father confuses the old friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunt that remembers the little mother criticizes the tiny victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that remembers the happy mother engages the small women	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that remembers the little uncle knows the old mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunt that remembers the joyful uncle stimulates the happy girls	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that stimulates the huge farmer discourages the tiny singers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunt that stimulates the little guy approves the old fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that stimulates the happy mother observes the young farmers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that understands the sad athlete confuses the old kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that understands the small athlete greets the young fathers	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that understands the happy athlete greets the old victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that understands the young lawyer stimulates the large boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that understands the sad victim criticizes the big girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that admires the big doctor encourages the old women	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that admires the little farmer stimulates the big teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that admires the joyful kid avoids the big guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that admires the young mother criticizes the large kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boy that admires the big woman inspires the tiny carpenters	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little boy that approves the big athlete greets the old women	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that approves the big mother encourages the miserable kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that avoids the large doctor understands the tiny victims	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that avoids the large girl greets the small singers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that avoids the huge lawyer encourages the large kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little boy that avoids the happy man inspires the large athletes	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boy that avoids the huge teacher engages the small lawyers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that confuses the ecstatic doctor greets the small carpenters	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that confuses the ecstatic doctor knows the young lawyers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that confuses the happy father avoids the sad poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The young boy that confuses the joyful friend stimulates the little fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that confuses the big girl knows the joyful guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that confuses the young singer criticizes the miserable women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young boy that criticizes the large athlete engages the ecstatic men	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that criticizes the big doctor approves the joyful carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boy that criticizes the joyful friend understands the large doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that criticizes the sad lawyer avoids the joyful aunts	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The young boy that criticizes the small lawyer avoids the miserable girls	singular	singular	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that criticizes the joyful singer knows the miserable guys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that criticizes the old teacher knows the big lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that discourages the young farmer criticizes the tiny lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that discourages the happy farmer inspires the sad women	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that discourages the small uncle remembers the old friends	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that encourages the old aunt approves the sad men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that encourages the huge singer approves the happy carpenters	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that engages the tiny teacher avoids the ecstatic aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The old boy that engages the miserable uncle confuses the tiny fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that inspires the big lawyer engages the tiny athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that inspires the sad man avoids the big farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that inspires the little mother remembers the huge singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that inspires the old singer observes the happy athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that inspires the small woman avoids the old friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that knows the huge aunt greets the small lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old boy that knows the large carpenter avoids the joyful guys	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that knows the miserable father criticizes the young doctors	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that knows the huge girl observes the happy carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little boy that observes the ecstatic athlete understands the small women	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little boy that observes the old kid stimulates the small uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boy that observes the joyful poet remembers the big friends	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that observes the huge uncle stimulates the joyful athletes	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boy that remembers the tiny athlete inspires the small poets	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boy that remembers the young carpenter criticizes the joyful mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boy that remembers the ecstatic friend admires the little singers	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that remembers the sad teacher engages the miserable fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boy that understands the small friend admires the large athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old boy that understands the large man discourages the small lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that understands the sad man observes the little friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little boy that understands the miserable poet criticizes the old farmers	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that admires the happy lawyer avoids the huge women	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that admires the tiny poet observes the sad doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that admires the happy uncle approves the ecstatic friends	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that approves the small athlete understands the young girls	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that approves the huge boy confuses the young aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that approves the tiny farmer admires the ecstatic doctors	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that approves the little father remembers the joyful poets	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that approves the big friend confuses the large women	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that approves the small teacher stimulates the ecstatic mothers	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that avoids the small athlete discourages the little aunts	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that avoids the tiny friend greets the little lawyers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that avoids the miserable kid encourages the sad guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that avoids the young mother knows the tiny kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that avoids the small uncle criticizes the little victims	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that confuses the miserable farmer admires the tiny teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that confuses the young farmer criticizes the ecstatic uncles	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that confuses the young lawyer knows the happy victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that confuses the huge man knows the tiny uncles	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that confuses the ecstatic singer inspires the big guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that criticizes the sad aunt remembers the old poets	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that criticizes the old mother inspires the ecstatic doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that criticizes the large victim observes the happy friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that discourages the sad man avoids the big singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that discourages the sad teacher inspires the joyful aunts	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that discourages the small victim confuses the large guys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that discourages the happy victim greets the joyful friends	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that encourages the small kid approves the sad doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that encourages the old singer inspires the young teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that encourages the tiny singer understands the huge boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that encourages the little woman inspires the joyful lawyers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that engages the miserable farmer observes the huge boys	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that engages the old girl remembers the little lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that engages the small guy approves the old singers	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that greets the tiny friend stimulates the sad lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that greets the huge guy discourages the large athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that greets the young man approves the tiny friends	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that greets the little uncle approves the happy men	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that greets the joyful woman encourages the ecstatic poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that inspires the sad aunt approves the large boys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that inspires the tiny aunt avoids the joyful singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that inspires the large farmer understands the old women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that knows the miserable aunt avoids the sad poets	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that knows the little girl discourages the small athletes	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that knows the small guy encourages the little kids	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that knows the joyful poet discourages the big men	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that knows the sad singer confuses the young farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that knows the large woman avoids the ecstatic fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that observes the ecstatic father understands the large poets	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that observes the old guy stimulates the small girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that observes the small mother knows the miserable girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that remembers the young athlete discourages the miserable fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that remembers the happy athlete inspires the ecstatic friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that remembers the ecstatic poet understands the sad fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that stimulates the happy father engages the sad women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that stimulates the young poet inspires the miserable farmers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that stimulates the sad teacher admires the tiny friends	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that stimulates the old uncle knows the large fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that understands the ecstatic aunt criticizes the old kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that understands the tiny girl engages the sad teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that understands the tiny teacher discourages the sad women	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that admires the large guy remembers the little uncles	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that admires the joyful teacher inspires the tiny fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that approves the little athlete knows the happy lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that approves the large boy observes the huge athletes	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctor that approves the ecstatic kid engages the happy boys	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that approves the huge man discourages the little uncles	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctor that avoids the ecstatic boy engages the miserable carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctor that avoids the huge singer admires the old women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that confuses the large athlete remembers the big aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that confuses the sad boy stimulates the ecstatic women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that confuses the tiny carpenter admires the sad friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctor that confuses the huge guy encourages the happy girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that confuses the ecstatic kid avoids the large guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctor that confuses the big victim knows the ecstatic fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that criticizes the ecstatic aunt discourages the little boys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that discourages the old boy encourages the joyful lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctor that discourages the joyful guy stimulates the tiny singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that discourages the miserable victim criticizes the big aunts	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that encourages the old guy remembers the small singers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that encourages the huge poet criticizes the little boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that encourages the joyful poet observes the big boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that encourages the large singer stimulates the little poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that engages the little farmer remembers the big lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that engages the little father remembers the small men	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctor that engages the joyful girl criticizes the happy friends	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that engages the miserable singer knows the ecstatic farmers	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that engages the small uncle encourages the joyful teachers	singular	singular	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that engages the old uncle greets the miserable farmers	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that greets the ecstatic carpenter remembers the sad women	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that greets the sad lawyer approves the happy athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that greets the large lawyer understands the old mothers	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that greets the old singer understands the big poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that inspires the old girl approves the young teachers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that inspires the young singer greets the tiny friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that knows the large boy approves the small teachers	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that knows the small friend stimulates the ecstatic singers	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that knows the sad kid understands the happy girls	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that knows the ecstatic singer encourages the miserable men	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that knows the small teacher approves the sad guys	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that observes the big aunt remembers the sad mothers	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that observes the happy girl admires the large guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that observes the small guy admires the sad victims	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctor that observes the happy mother knows the miserable lawyers	singular	singular	plural	observe	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that remembers the sad athlete encourages the small girls	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that stimulates the old aunt admires the large girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that stimulates the little man confuses the large kids	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that stimulates the little teacher approves the big women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that understands the small farmer discourages the huge boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that understands the joyful kid stimulates the tiny girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctor that understands the sad singer encourages the small women	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that understands the small teacher knows the young guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmer that admires the miserable boy discourages the big girls	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that admires the tiny friend greets the large lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmer that admires the miserable guy inspires the little fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that admires the young poet criticizes the little mothers	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmer that approves the tiny mother stimulates the large teachers	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmer that approves the young teacher engages the old aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmer that confuses the little boy avoids the old doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmer that confuses the big carpenter approves the little teachers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that confuses the happy teacher approves the little boys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that confuses the miserable victim understands the tiny fathers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that confuses the young woman knows the happy athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmer that criticizes the tiny teacher understands the big women	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmer that criticizes the old uncle greets the miserable teachers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that discourages the old athlete admires the little girls	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmer that discourages the young carpenter criticizes the huge guys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that discourages the huge girl avoids the happy carpenters	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmer that encourages the large athlete confuses the huge kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that encourages the little father confuses the tiny girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that encourages the small singer criticizes the miserable mothers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that encourages the small uncle remembers the miserable victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmer that encourages the ecstatic woman confuses the large victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmer that engages the huge guy avoids the young fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that greets the large doctor observes the huge women	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmer that greets the happy father knows the huge doctors	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmer that greets the large girl inspires the huge lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that greets the happy guy discourages the young victims	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that greets the small uncle confuses the miserable athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that greets the tiny victim avoids the big lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that inspires the joyful athlete understands the ecstatic friends	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that inspires the young lawyer admires the big athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that inspires the tiny lawyer confuses the large fathers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that inspires the big victim observes the large girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that knows the huge boy engages the miserable singers	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that knows the old carpenter understands the ecstatic friends	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that knows the small lawyer engages the tiny fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that observes the tiny friend stimulates the sad carpenters	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that observes the little girl greets the young victims	singular	singular	plural	observe	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that remembers the happy doctor avoids the miserable uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmer that remembers the big friend confuses the huge doctors	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that remembers the tiny friend stimulates the huge athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that remembers the ecstatic guy criticizes the small poets	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that remembers the small lawyer encourages the big aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmer that remembers the joyful man greets the miserable aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that remembers the joyful poet stimulates the young lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmer that remembers the big teacher understands the happy men	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmer that stimulates the little kid criticizes the large mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that stimulates the large uncle greets the little boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that understands the ecstatic lawyer admires the old girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that understands the happy uncle greets the big athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad father that admires the ecstatic aunt confuses the small athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable father that admires the happy friend understands the tiny girls	singular	singular	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large father that admires the ecstatic guy observes the young girls	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that admires the joyful guy remembers the big mothers	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that admires the sad kid observes the young doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The small father that admires the tiny teacher approves the ecstatic guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that approves the miserable athlete discourages the joyful victims	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny father that approves the sad boy engages the big guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large father that approves the old boy greets the joyful victims	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that avoids the happy farmer criticizes the huge lawyers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big father that avoids the old victim remembers the joyful uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that avoids the little victim stimulates the big girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The large father that avoids the old woman stimulates the big doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that confuses the young aunt greets the joyful men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that confuses the happy boy approves the sad victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large father that confuses the sad man criticizes the young farmers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that confuses the old mother remembers the sad women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad father that confuses the miserable victim observes the happy doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large father that criticizes the tiny girl discourages the little lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that criticizes the joyful victim encourages the happy doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that discourages the large athlete admires the happy aunts	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that discourages the huge boy observes the miserable lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that discourages the large carpenter confuses the small athletes	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful father that discourages the sad doctor approves the little lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small father that discourages the tiny mother confuses the huge kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that discourages the small mother observes the young doctors	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny father that discourages the miserable victim greets the young friends	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that encourages the huge doctor avoids the little men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge father that encourages the sad friend observes the happy women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that encourages the young man understands the joyful friends	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful father that encourages the ecstatic poet observes the miserable kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big father that encourages the little teacher admires the small girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that encourages the young uncle admires the large doctors	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable father that encourages the ecstatic woman observes the young teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that engages the tiny aunt understands the ecstatic singers	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that engages the ecstatic farmer knows the tiny kids	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful father that engages the old lawyer remembers the ecstatic carpenters	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge father that greets the sad girl engages the large lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small father that greets the old girl observes the joyful farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny father that greets the small lawyer discourages the large victims	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that greets the little poet understands the tiny farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable father that greets the big singer avoids the tiny lawyers	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that inspires the happy boy greets the sad athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny father that inspires the happy uncle encourages the sad women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad father that knows the tiny athlete observes the miserable carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that knows the young boy avoids the sad athletes	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that knows the joyful poet admires the happy farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad father that observes the tiny athlete criticizes the happy carpenters	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable father that observes the small boy understands the happy kids	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that observes the young doctor stimulates the little lawyers	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that observes the small victim encourages the miserable boys	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful father that observes the young victim engages the large men	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad father that remembers the young guy approves the large mothers	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small father that remembers the sad woman stimulates the young victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny father that stimulates the sad farmer confuses the happy teachers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small father that stimulates the sad mother avoids the huge uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that stimulates the happy teacher avoids the large boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge father that understands the happy lawyer discourages the ecstatic kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that understands the joyful victim encourages the big singers	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that admires the small lawyer engages the joyful athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that admires the young mother confuses the big teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that admires the young mother stimulates the ecstatic girls	singular	singular	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that admires the miserable singer understands the little farmers	singular	singular	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that approves the old farmer understands the small women	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that approves the sad father understands the young kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old friend that approves the big girl discourages the ecstatic doctors	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that approves the happy woman discourages the big singers	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large friend that avoids the ecstatic carpenter confuses the big boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that avoids the old doctor confuses the little guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friend that avoids the tiny girl approves the young uncles	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friend that avoids the large girl inspires the little fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old friend that avoids the huge kid greets the small farmers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young friend that avoids the happy man stimulates the large teachers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that avoids the sad uncle admires the huge aunts	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old friend that avoids the little woman understands the small poets	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that confuses the ecstatic aunt inspires the small guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friend that confuses the miserable man approves the young athletes	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that criticizes the small doctor inspires the large uncles	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that criticizes the ecstatic father approves the small teachers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that discourages the little doctor inspires the happy girls	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little friend that discourages the happy kid engages the miserable aunts	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friend that discourages the joyful uncle remembers the ecstatic poets	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young friend that discourages the happy victim approves the big poets	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large friend that encourages the young athlete understands the ecstatic boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that encourages the young boy remembers the joyful guys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that encourages the large girl stimulates the happy mothers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that encourages the ecstatic lawyer knows the huge aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small friend that engages the huge boy greets the happy doctors	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large friend that engages the ecstatic poet admires the young farmers	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friend that engages the old teacher knows the miserable boys	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that engages the sad uncle greets the happy girls	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that greets the old boy understands the little athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young friend that greets the small carpenter encourages the huge fathers	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friend that greets the joyful kid encourages the miserable athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that greets the happy poet engages the joyful women	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that greets the small uncle engages the tiny kids	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that greets the small victim engages the large farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large friend that inspires the young kid engages the huge fathers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that inspires the young lawyer discourages the small victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large friend that knows the miserable athlete avoids the happy uncles	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that knows the small boy discourages the huge girls	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large friend that knows the old carpenter criticizes the big men	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large friend that observes the miserable doctor approves the small singers	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that observes the sad kid admires the old teachers	singular	singular	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old friend that observes the large lawyer discourages the miserable boys	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that observes the young mother discourages the miserable guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old friend that remembers the big athlete admires the tiny victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The large friend that remembers the happy mother greets the joyful kids	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old friend that remembers the big poet admires the huge victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small friend that stimulates the joyful boy knows the huge lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young friend that stimulates the miserable boy understands the tiny guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young friend that stimulates the joyful lawyer admires the tiny carpenters	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that stimulates the large teacher observes the old fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friend that stimulates the young victim discourages the sad boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that understands the miserable mother criticizes the small uncles	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that understands the joyful poet admires the young guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old friend that understands the sad teacher avoids the young guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that admires the old aunt observes the tiny guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that admires the old aunt remembers the huge guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that admires the tiny boy engages the miserable guys	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that admires the ecstatic farmer encourages the big women	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that admires the large father criticizes the joyful doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big girl that admires the old friend observes the ecstatic fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that admires the big poet inspires the miserable lawyers	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that approves the old doctor admires the little poets	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little girl that approves the small farmer criticizes the tiny aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that approves the young father avoids the old athletes	singular	singular	plural	approve	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little girl that approves the big guy inspires the joyful women	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that approves the happy man criticizes the little singers	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that approves the big victim observes the old men	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little girl that avoids the miserable aunt remembers the joyful friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that avoids the joyful friend stimulates the young women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that avoids the small kid observes the big boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that avoids the old woman criticizes the sad guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that confuses the happy guy remembers the big aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that confuses the old man approves the young friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that confuses the joyful woman remembers the miserable victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that criticizes the sad doctor remembers the miserable athletes	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that criticizes the sad kid discourages the miserable fathers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that discourages the big athlete avoids the young victims	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girl that discourages the little aunt greets the joyful singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young girl that discourages the old farmer inspires the miserable lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that discourages the miserable guy stimulates the sad singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that discourages the ecstatic singer knows the happy uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that encourages the tiny aunt discourages the big victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little girl that encourages the ecstatic boy avoids the old kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that encourages the little carpenter stimulates the happy lawyers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that encourages the small father engages the happy farmers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that encourages the large lawyer knows the old uncles	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that engages the big friend admires the large farmers	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that engages the young kid knows the big women	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that engages the happy uncle avoids the young victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little girl that greets the happy carpenter avoids the young doctors	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big girl that greets the sad farmer remembers the little doctors	singular	singular	plural	greet	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that greets the little father engages the big uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young girl that inspires the joyful aunt observes the huge men	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big girl that inspires the large doctor encourages the tiny guys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girl that inspires the small farmer criticizes the joyful men	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that inspires the tiny father encourages the sad singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big girl that knows the joyful farmer remembers the huge athletes	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that knows the tiny kid encourages the large poets	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young girl that knows the small lawyer stimulates the large women	singular	singular	plural	know	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that knows the miserable poet greets the huge victims	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that knows the little uncle criticizes the miserable friends	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that knows the little uncle understands the large carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that observes the miserable lawyer avoids the sad men	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that stimulates the big farmer inspires the little mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that stimulates the happy singer greets the large teachers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young girl that stimulates the large singer remembers the small uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The big girl that stimulates the ecstatic teacher confuses the young poets	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that stimulates the large uncle admires the joyful boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little girl that stimulates the happy uncle inspires the miserable teachers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little girl that understands the large doctor confuses the happy singers	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that understands the young victim confuses the big fathers	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small guy that admires the big aunt greets the tiny athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big guy that admires the sad man remembers the ecstatic mothers	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that avoids the tiny friend stimulates the ecstatic doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that confuses the huge boy knows the miserable doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that confuses the old victim inspires the large girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small guy that discourages the joyful boy remembers the sad singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small guy that discourages the little farmer knows the young athletes	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that discourages the happy girl confuses the ecstatic fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that discourages the little woman approves the old athletes	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young guy that engages the joyful doctor admires the miserable fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that engages the miserable farmer remembers the ecstatic aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that engages the little man admires the young uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The young guy that engages the big poet knows the tiny lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old guy that greets the small athlete observes the miserable men	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guy that greets the joyful boy inspires the little victims	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that greets the large father engages the young women	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that greets the tiny poet inspires the small teachers	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that inspires the huge athlete avoids the happy carpenters	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The old guy that inspires the miserable girl knows the tiny athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big guy that inspires the old singer greets the huge teachers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guy that knows the ecstatic farmer admires the little aunts	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small guy that knows the little girl criticizes the old women	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young guy that knows the tiny girl observes the huge lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guy that knows the huge teacher criticizes the happy men	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that knows the tiny uncle discourages the little women	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that remembers the small boy stimulates the old doctors	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that remembers the big kid admires the old farmers	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that remembers the small man approves the young athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large guy that remembers the huge uncle engages the ecstatic carpenters	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that stimulates the young aunt understands the joyful teachers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that understands the old aunt engages the miserable lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old guy that understands the small carpenter engages the huge kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that understands the small girl engages the old teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guy that understands the miserable poet approves the young carpenters	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young guy that understands the happy victim discourages the big fathers	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kid that admires the young athlete approves the old poets	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that admires the sad girl engages the tiny doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that admires the large man engages the ecstatic girls	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small kid that admires the big victim avoids the happy poets	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that approves the happy athlete admires the large lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that approves the little doctor stimulates the ecstatic girls	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that approves the large friend discourages the little men	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small kid that approves the joyful poet engages the old guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that approves the large singer knows the happy poets	singular	singular	plural	approve	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that approves the little victim remembers the tiny uncles	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that avoids the huge boy confuses the big lawyers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that avoids the big carpenter admires the happy guys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that avoids the large doctor encourages the tiny girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large kid that avoids the small man criticizes the big boys	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kid that avoids the joyful poet encourages the little fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that confuses the joyful friend discourages the little guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that confuses the large guy engages the happy doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that confuses the tiny man inspires the joyful poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that confuses the little victim discourages the large aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that criticizes the small guy discourages the joyful uncles	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that discourages the huge athlete understands the big poets	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that discourages the huge carpenter engages the miserable poets	singular	singular	plural	discourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little kid that discourages the old teacher greets the huge poets	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that encourages the happy man discourages the young women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that encourages the young singer confuses the small mothers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that engages the young athlete discourages the ecstatic guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kid that engages the old aunt criticizes the young victims	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that engages the tiny carpenter understands the ecstatic boys	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that engages the tiny girl criticizes the big fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that engages the old guy discourages the little lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kid that greets the large farmer encourages the miserable women	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that inspires the tiny mother avoids the large fathers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that inspires the huge singer confuses the young victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little kid that knows the miserable aunt observes the huge poets	singular	singular	plural	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that knows the tiny father avoids the small women	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small kid that knows the huge lawyer avoids the old carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that knows the big lawyer avoids the ecstatic men	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that knows the little mother understands the joyful carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that observes the tiny aunt inspires the small doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that remembers the ecstatic friend confuses the young lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that remembers the joyful victim stimulates the ecstatic friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that stimulates the tiny friend admires the small guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that stimulates the old teacher avoids the sad uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that stimulates the joyful uncle confuses the huge victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kid that understands the tiny carpenter criticizes the large lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kid that understands the little girl confuses the ecstatic men	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large kid that understands the young uncle greets the joyful singers	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large kid that understands the huge victim knows the joyful boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that understands the ecstatic woman engages the tiny teachers	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that admires the ecstatic aunt remembers the huge women	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that admires the old father engages the tiny victims	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that admires the miserable girl approves the joyful men	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that approves the sad boy understands the miserable mothers	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that approves the sad doctor inspires the small aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that avoids the big friend observes the huge girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that confuses the happy boy avoids the ecstatic men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that confuses the happy girl criticizes the tiny women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that confuses the tiny teacher stimulates the small carpenters	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that confuses the tiny victim understands the young women	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that discourages the happy father greets the tiny singers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that discourages the happy man confuses the small fathers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that discourages the young mother admires the happy farmers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that discourages the happy poet greets the old farmers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that discourages the large poet observes the ecstatic mothers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that discourages the huge singer approves the tiny girls	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that encourages the big aunt knows the large kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that encourages the little girl criticizes the sad athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that encourages the tiny girl criticizes the big kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that encourages the joyful girl criticizes the huge victims	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that engages the big athlete avoids the ecstatic teachers	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that engages the ecstatic athlete knows the tiny friends	singular	singular	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that engages the big aunt approves the sad uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that engages the joyful father observes the ecstatic aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that engages the happy poet confuses the old aunts	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that greets the joyful doctor confuses the old poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that greets the joyful friend avoids the old victims	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that greets the miserable girl engages the happy boys	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that greets the big uncle observes the little boys	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that inspires the young carpenter greets the miserable aunts	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that inspires the tiny girl avoids the miserable guys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that inspires the tiny victim avoids the young men	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that knows the miserable girl discourages the big friends	singular	singular	plural	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that knows the little man engages the large women	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that observes the large doctor discourages the miserable women	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that observes the large father stimulates the ecstatic uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that remembers the small boy approves the huge kids	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that remembers the little boy discourages the sad girls	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that remembers the huge mother approves the tiny doctors	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that remembers the small poet observes the ecstatic farmers	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that stimulates the joyful kid understands the little men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that stimulates the ecstatic uncle discourages the old girls	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that stimulates the young uncle encourages the old guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that stimulates the sad uncle greets the miserable boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that understands the large aunt admires the happy singers	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that understands the large friend encourages the big victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that understands the small victim discourages the old friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that admires the huge kid knows the young women	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful man that admires the young lawyer avoids the ecstatic singers	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge man that approves the miserable kid admires the large women	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The large man that approves the little mother discourages the joyful aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy man that avoids the miserable carpenter engages the old farmers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that avoids the happy father greets the old kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The happy man that confuses the little carpenter understands the small uncles	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that confuses the big father stimulates the young victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old man that confuses the joyful friend stimulates the small kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy man that confuses the small mother inspires the ecstatic girls	singular	singular	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that criticizes the huge kid encourages the miserable friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy man that discourages the large farmer remembers the tiny girls	singular	singular	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy man that discourages the tiny girl approves the young athletes	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small man that discourages the large guy confuses the old carpenters	singular	singular	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that encourages the little farmer criticizes the sad aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny man that encourages the big father admires the joyful kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful man that engages the large athlete admires the young teachers	singular	singular	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that engages the happy girl understands the small singers	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that greets the young victim inspires the joyful mothers	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that inspires the old athlete engages the large singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that inspires the sad athlete remembers the joyful girls	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful man that inspires the old boy encourages the small doctors	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old man that inspires the miserable farmer greets the young fathers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge man that inspires the miserable girl understands the tiny women	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that inspires the joyful poet criticizes the large fathers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that inspires the large poet remembers the happy lawyers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy man that knows the tiny lawyer admires the sad boys	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old man that observes the little athlete approves the large guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that observes the tiny victim engages the old aunts	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that remembers the big doctor knows the huge fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that remembers the old girl approves the big kids	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that remembers the ecstatic woman approves the little uncles	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny man that stimulates the big carpenter avoids the old friends	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge man that stimulates the tiny doctor encourages the young victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny man that stimulates the sad mother discourages the miserable doctors	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny man that understands the happy father knows the young victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that understands the little girl admires the large aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that admires the miserable singer inspires the small boys	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young mother that approves the small friend stimulates the huge women	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that approves the large kid understands the little athletes	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large mother that avoids the huge aunt inspires the old victims	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small mother that avoids the large guy encourages the joyful fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young mother that avoids the huge kid approves the big singers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that avoids the young man remembers the ecstatic aunts	singular	singular	plural	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that avoids the joyful teacher criticizes the ecstatic men	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that confuses the young athlete understands the joyful friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that confuses the big aunt knows the joyful kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that confuses the tiny friend encourages the happy kids	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that criticizes the joyful father confuses the ecstatic athletes	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mother that criticizes the old woman greets the miserable friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that discourages the old boy avoids the sad athletes	singular	singular	plural	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large mother that discourages the big poet inspires the sad boys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that discourages the miserable singer approves the ecstatic guys	singular	singular	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that encourages the huge carpenter admires the ecstatic teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that encourages the small friend avoids the young fathers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that encourages the small guy approves the large kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small mother that engages the happy aunt avoids the tiny uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that engages the sad teacher confuses the small men	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mother that engages the tiny teacher observes the ecstatic doctors	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that engages the old uncle remembers the joyful farmers	singular	singular	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old mother that greets the tiny carpenter understands the ecstatic boys	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that greets the happy doctor stimulates the sad athletes	singular	singular	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that greets the happy lawyer criticizes the ecstatic kids	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old mother that greets the little lawyer knows the sad women	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that greets the small teacher knows the joyful fathers	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old mother that inspires the young athlete stimulates the tiny guys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that inspires the old kid greets the miserable teachers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that knows the huge athlete encourages the ecstatic fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that observes the sad athlete inspires the large doctors	singular	singular	plural	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young mother that observes the joyful boy understands the old girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that observes the big doctor discourages the little singers	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that observes the big farmer encourages the ecstatic poets	singular	singular	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that observes the happy girl confuses the miserable guys	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that remembers the young father avoids the old teachers	singular	singular	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that remembers the small girl approves the miserable athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small mother that remembers the little man stimulates the huge victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that remembers the young victim understands the old guys	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that stimulates the miserable aunt admires the ecstatic men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The large mother that stimulates the old uncle inspires the tiny farmers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mother that understands the old athlete stimulates the little victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that understands the tiny father approves the miserable athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that understands the sad father greets the little poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young mother that understands the huge father knows the tiny kids	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young mother that understands the large singer confuses the sad carpenters	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old mother that understands the tiny teacher engages the sad poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that understands the large woman observes the big farmers	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poet that admires the sad farmer knows the tiny doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that admires the joyful friend engages the ecstatic boys	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that admires the small guy approves the little aunts	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that admires the happy mother knows the small farmers	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that admires the happy victim knows the joyful teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poet that approves the young athlete engages the ecstatic doctors	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that approves the young aunt discourages the joyful lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that approves the little aunt greets the small singers	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that approves the young boy understands the miserable victims	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that approves the little uncle remembers the old farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that avoids the large lawyer inspires the joyful carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that avoids the huge victim criticizes the happy friends	singular	singular	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little poet that avoids the happy victim observes the huge men	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that confuses the happy doctor stimulates the old uncles	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that confuses the miserable friend encourages the ecstatic victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that confuses the young lawyer remembers the big mothers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poet that confuses the large victim criticizes the joyful uncles	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that confuses the joyful woman discourages the young farmers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little poet that criticizes the big mother encourages the young men	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little poet that criticizes the big teacher admires the joyful doctors	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poet that discourages the huge guy admires the happy teachers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that encourages the ecstatic farmer criticizes the happy girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that encourages the big farmer observes the miserable teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big poet that encourages the young singer observes the joyful mothers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that engages the sad farmer approves the large women	singular	singular	plural	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that engages the miserable victim inspires the ecstatic boys	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that greets the little aunt discourages the joyful fathers	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poet that greets the tiny aunt inspires the sad girls	singular	singular	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that greets the old singer admires the ecstatic kids	singular	singular	plural	greet	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that greets the little teacher discourages the happy men	singular	singular	plural	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that inspires the miserable athlete engages the small doctors	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that inspires the huge farmer stimulates the sad fathers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that inspires the big girl avoids the huge athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The young poet that inspires the ecstatic victim discourages the small doctors	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that knows the huge farmer greets the sad fathers	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poet that knows the old father admires the large men	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poet that knows the tiny mother greets the huge girls	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that observes the miserable aunt criticizes the ecstatic fathers	singular	singular	plural	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that remembers the big boy knows the miserable victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that remembers the joyful guy greets the sad kids	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old poet that remembers the young teacher approves the little girls	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young poet that stimulates the huge aunt greets the miserable uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that stimulates the miserable girl criticizes the little doctors	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big poet that understands the miserable aunt engages the ecstatic men	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poet that understands the little doctor engages the ecstatic victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that understands the joyful man avoids the tiny victims	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little singer that admires the sad aunt confuses the old victims	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that admires the big carpenter encourages the young athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small singer that admires the old friend remembers the sad men	singular	singular	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The big singer that admires the young lawyer avoids the ecstatic friends	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big singer that admires the large mother engages the tiny carpenters	singular	singular	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that admires the tiny poet knows the huge friends	singular	singular	plural	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singer that approves the happy athlete admires the miserable poets	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that approves the big boy criticizes the tiny aunts	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young singer that approves the little doctor understands the tiny mothers	singular	singular	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singer that approves the large farmer observes the little doctors	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singer that approves the big lawyer admires the happy poets	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that approves the little teacher remembers the old kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that approves the ecstatic woman confuses the young lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that confuses the big farmer understands the old guys	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that criticizes the miserable carpenter approves the big friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that criticizes the joyful farmer encourages the miserable men	singular	singular	plural	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that criticizes the large farmer understands the young mothers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that criticizes the tiny lawyer inspires the large kids	singular	singular	plural	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singer that criticizes the joyful victim admires the happy poets	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that discourages the tiny athlete greets the little aunts	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that discourages the small man knows the young uncles	singular	singular	plural	discourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that encourages the sad boy criticizes the tiny men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that encourages the little boy stimulates the tiny aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that encourages the huge carpenter observes the happy boys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that encourages the old friend discourages the small poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that encourages the joyful man admires the little uncles	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The young singer that encourages the small teacher admires the miserable poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The young singer that engages the joyful poet understands the miserable lawyers	singular	singular	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big singer that greets the old athlete knows the young aunts	singular	singular	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that greets the big aunt approves the joyful farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small singer that inspires the tiny victim observes the ecstatic uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that knows the little athlete understands the ecstatic lawyers	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young singer that knows the little farmer avoids the huge men	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that knows the small girl criticizes the miserable mothers	singular	singular	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that knows the small uncle encourages the happy guys	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that knows the happy victim inspires the joyful carpenters	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that observes the big athlete avoids the little uncles	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that observes the large uncle remembers the huge girls	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that observes the young woman remembers the little fathers	singular	singular	plural	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that remembers the happy athlete criticizes the big fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that remembers the young farmer confuses the ecstatic carpenters	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that remembers the happy father understands the young kids	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that remembers the small girl inspires the old fathers	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singer that remembers the little poet approves the big lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singer that stimulates the joyful father avoids the little mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that stimulates the sad father discourages the ecstatic victims	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that stimulates the joyful father observes the sad athletes	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big singer that stimulates the tiny friend knows the large doctors	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that stimulates the young girl encourages the large boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that stimulates the small kid encourages the happy mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singer that stimulates the big man encourages the little boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that understands the small athlete engages the little girls	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small singer that understands the young carpenter remembers the little lawyers	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The little singer that understands the large girl criticizes the miserable athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that admires the miserable farmer encourages the old doctors	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that admires the small farmer understands the tiny fathers	singular	singular	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that admires the ecstatic man criticizes the large friends	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large teacher that admires the joyful poet criticizes the miserable friends	singular	singular	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that admires the joyful singer discourages the ecstatic kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that admires the small victim confuses the young poets	singular	singular	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that approves the little aunt confuses the big carpenters	singular	singular	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that approves the large boy encourages the ecstatic guys	singular	singular	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large teacher that approves the huge doctor discourages the little kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that approves the huge man criticizes the big carpenters	singular	singular	plural	approve	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that approves the young woman stimulates the small boys	singular	singular	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The large teacher that avoids the small boy encourages the tiny athletes	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that avoids the old boy understands the large carpenters	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that confuses the happy friend understands the sad aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that confuses the large kid knows the ecstatic singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that confuses the little poet avoids the joyful uncles	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that confuses the tiny singer avoids the big doctors	singular	singular	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that criticizes the little aunt remembers the small carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that criticizes the miserable girl engages the huge aunts	singular	singular	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that criticizes the huge kid approves the tiny victims	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old teacher that criticizes the happy kid remembers the joyful mothers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old teacher that criticizes the tiny man greets the happy aunts	singular	singular	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that discourages the joyful farmer greets the large lawyers	singular	singular	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large teacher that discourages the ecstatic father stimulates the young victims	singular	singular	plural	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small teacher that encourages the ecstatic aunt understands the tiny kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that encourages the joyful kid admires the large women	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that encourages the ecstatic kid understands the tiny friends	singular	singular	plural	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large teacher that encourages the young lawyer avoids the joyful men	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small teacher that engages the young athlete observes the big girls	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that engages the miserable doctor greets the joyful women	singular	singular	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small teacher that greets the large father confuses the young farmers	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big teacher that greets the huge kid understands the miserable fathers	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old teacher that inspires the small carpenter admires the large fathers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old teacher that inspires the huge singer knows the big boys	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that knows the large boy avoids the young poets	singular	singular	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that knows the joyful friend inspires the young athletes	singular	singular	plural	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big teacher that knows the large kid approves the tiny farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large teacher that observes the sad doctor confuses the little farmers	singular	singular	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that observes the old singer discourages the big aunts	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that observes the big victim discourages the old farmers	singular	singular	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that remembers the small doctor engages the ecstatic lawyers	singular	singular	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big teacher that remembers the large guy criticizes the little athletes	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The small teacher that remembers the huge man observes the big guys	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that stimulates the young friend understands the joyful poets	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that stimulates the ecstatic poet remembers the big carpenters	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that stimulates the sad victim encourages the old uncles	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small teacher that understands the happy boy observes the ecstatic guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that understands the young mother confuses the big poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncle that admires the happy kid encourages the big teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that approves the miserable carpenter engages the little lawyers	singular	singular	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that approves the old doctor inspires the joyful farmers	singular	singular	plural	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that approves the ecstatic poet observes the huge fathers	singular	singular	plural	approve	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that approves the sad teacher admires the big kids	singular	singular	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that avoids the miserable carpenter discourages the happy men	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that avoids the ecstatic farmer observes the miserable doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncle that avoids the large father approves the ecstatic men	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that avoids the sad guy admires the large kids	singular	singular	plural	avoid	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that avoids the huge kid understands the old poets	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that confuses the old father criticizes the happy friends	singular	singular	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that criticizes the small carpenter approves the ecstatic mothers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that criticizes the young doctor discourages the large singers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that criticizes the little doctor stimulates the small kids	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that criticizes the happy girl stimulates the big men	singular	singular	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that criticizes the tiny woman approves the ecstatic friends	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that discourages the young victim understands the sad kids	singular	singular	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that encourages the large carpenter avoids the miserable athletes	singular	singular	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncle that encourages the little poet inspires the happy guys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that encourages the happy teacher greets the large aunts	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that engages the big athlete stimulates the joyful guys	singular	singular	plural	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that greets the sad father confuses the happy friends	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncle that greets the happy girl encourages the small guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that greets the tiny victim observes the old aunts	singular	singular	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that inspires the miserable kid engages the small mothers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that inspires the big kid remembers the joyful athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncle that inspires the large man knows the sad singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that inspires the large singer encourages the happy farmers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that inspires the large victim understands the happy carpenters	singular	singular	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that knows the small kid remembers the joyful guys	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that knows the tiny lawyer remembers the little kids	singular	singular	plural	know	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that knows the happy poet engages the small aunts	singular	singular	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncle that knows the small singer confuses the happy guys	singular	singular	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that observes the big friend knows the tiny mothers	singular	singular	plural	observe	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that remembers the big aunt greets the tiny victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that remembers the young kid admires the miserable victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that remembers the huge kid discourages the old friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that remembers the young lawyer greets the sad kids	singular	singular	plural	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that stimulates the miserable athlete approves the tiny mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that stimulates the joyful aunt criticizes the sad women	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that stimulates the little aunt encourages the happy lawyers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that stimulates the big guy encourages the tiny teachers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that understands the large athlete avoids the young mothers	singular	singular	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncle that understands the little lawyer greets the huge athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that understands the happy mother admires the small boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that understands the huge mother encourages the tiny carpenters	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young victim that admires the sad athlete inspires the large aunts	singular	singular	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that admires the little father observes the joyful kids	singular	singular	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victim that admires the small girl approves the old athletes	singular	singular	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that admires the young singer avoids the ecstatic teachers	singular	singular	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that admires the huge uncle discourages the miserable boys	singular	singular	plural	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victim that admires the ecstatic uncle greets the big women	singular	singular	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little victim that approves the tiny father greets the miserable girls	singular	singular	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that avoids the young carpenter understands the huge mothers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little victim that avoids the sad farmer confuses the joyful women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that avoids the young farmer observes the huge fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that avoids the big girl engages the small aunts	singular	singular	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victim that avoids the large kid greets the small women	singular	singular	plural	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victim that avoids the miserable teacher approves the ecstatic doctors	singular	singular	plural	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victim that avoids the big uncle encourages the happy farmers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large victim that confuses the happy farmer observes the tiny men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that confuses the sad father stimulates the young men	singular	singular	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little victim that confuses the ecstatic poet greets the happy farmers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that confuses the tiny poet observes the happy aunts	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victim that criticizes the young mother admires the small uncles	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little victim that criticizes the happy singer admires the big girls	singular	singular	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The young victim that encourages the sad aunt observes the miserable guys	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that encourages the joyful doctor greets the little teachers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that encourages the huge farmer engages the miserable poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old victim that encourages the large father inspires the ecstatic girls	singular	singular	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that encourages the huge girl admires the happy fathers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that engages the young doctor confuses the old athletes	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big victim that engages the joyful doctor criticizes the small poets	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that engages the tiny friend confuses the young fathers	singular	singular	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victim that engages the old guy criticizes the ecstatic men	singular	singular	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that engages the ecstatic man inspires the sad uncles	singular	singular	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that greets the little farmer confuses the huge guys	singular	singular	plural	greet	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that greets the young kid criticizes the happy teachers	singular	singular	plural	greet	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victim that greets the tiny lawyer engages the old aunts	singular	singular	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that inspires the miserable doctor criticizes the little men	singular	singular	plural	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victim that knows the young athlete greets the big uncles	singular	singular	plural	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that knows the large kid understands the sad singers	singular	singular	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that knows the sad man encourages the young kids	singular	singular	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victim that observes the joyful athlete engages the happy women	singular	singular	plural	observe	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that observes the miserable farmer knows the sad singers	singular	singular	plural	observe	know
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victim that observes the miserable father avoids the sad singers	singular	singular	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that remembers the young friend inspires the huge guys	singular	singular	plural	remember	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The large victim that stimulates the sad lawyer criticizes the huge fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that stimulates the old mother avoids the sad guys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victim that stimulates the miserable woman remembers the tiny boys	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victim that understands the huge kid engages the young carpenters	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big victim that understands the huge kid knows the young guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that avoids the young girl discourages the miserable fathers	singular	singular	plural	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge woman that avoids the big man stimulates the tiny girls	singular	singular	plural	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that confuses the sad guy observes the miserable mothers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that confuses the tiny lawyer observes the miserable poets	singular	singular	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy woman that confuses the big man understands the sad victims	singular	singular	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that confuses the huge poet discourages the happy singers	singular	singular	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad woman that criticizes the old farmer remembers the little lawyers	singular	singular	plural	criticize	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that criticizes the joyful lawyer approves the small carpenters	singular	singular	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small woman that criticizes the little mother confuses the tiny girls	singular	singular	plural	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small woman that criticizes the big uncle discourages the huge guys	singular	singular	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large woman that encourages the miserable boy admires the old lawyers	singular	singular	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small woman that encourages the large friend knows the sad poets	singular	singular	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old woman that encourages the happy teacher observes the sad kids	singular	singular	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that engages the huge girl observes the big athletes	singular	singular	plural	engage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that engages the big poet avoids the huge men	singular	singular	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large woman that greets the ecstatic doctor understands the huge poets	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old woman that greets the happy mother avoids the small uncles	singular	singular	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that greets the huge poet understands the large kids	singular	singular	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The small woman that inspires the large aunt confuses the old victims	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that inspires the small doctor discourages the tiny athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that inspires the huge kid confuses the little singers	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that inspires the tiny mother engages the young athletes	singular	singular	plural	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that inspires the small singer confuses the large uncles	singular	singular	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The sad woman that knows the small carpenter admires the old athletes	singular	singular	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that knows the large friend approves the big farmers	singular	singular	plural	know	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that observes the small lawyer stimulates the happy athletes	singular	singular	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old woman that remembers the happy farmer criticizes the sad guys	singular	singular	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that remembers the huge friend admires the large victims	singular	singular	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small woman that remembers the huge guy confuses the ecstatic friends	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge woman that remembers the small mother understands the large kids	singular	singular	plural	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that remembers the miserable teacher confuses the young girls	singular	singular	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that remembers the ecstatic teacher observes the young aunts	singular	singular	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large woman that stimulates the miserable friend engages the young mothers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large woman that stimulates the old girl understands the tiny men	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy woman that stimulates the large poet criticizes the joyful fathers	singular	singular	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that understands the ecstatic doctor stimulates the sad fathers	singular	singular	plural	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that understands the small father engages the ecstatic friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that understands the tiny friend remembers the small guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that understands the small girl approves the young friends	singular	singular	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that understands the large kid engages the happy athletes	singular	singular	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that understands the little lawyer admires the happy guys	singular	singular	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that understands the sad lawyer inspires the ecstatic aunts	singular	singular	plural	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that understands the tiny singer encourages the huge poets	singular	singular	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that understands the tiny victim knows the sad boys	singular	singular	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that admires the miserable poets knows the joyful singer	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that approves the large carpenters encourages the big boy	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that approves the old lawyers confuses the small man	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that approves the small lawyers encourages the huge teacher	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old athlete that approves the big singers stimulates the happy carpenter	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The large athlete that approves the old victims remembers the young kid	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that approves the large women remembers the old uncle	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small athlete that avoids the tiny guys criticizes the happy farmer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that avoids the sad lawyers discourages the happy doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that criticizes the old carpenters remembers the young aunt	singular	plural	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young athlete that criticizes the old men encourages the large singer	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small athlete that criticizes the big uncles admires the miserable guy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The young athlete that encourages the old doctors stimulates the happy teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that encourages the huge guys criticizes the old mother	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that encourages the old women avoids the young singer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that engages the large doctors stimulates the miserable guy	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that engages the ecstatic girls knows the happy singer	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that engages the large kids encourages the huge girl	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that engages the big lawyers confuses the tiny singer	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that engages the sad poets approves the large girl	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that engages the joyful singers discourages the sad carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small athlete that engages the miserable singers understands the huge girl	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big athlete that engages the old women greets the little boy	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that greets the joyful uncles understands the old mother	singular	plural	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young athlete that inspires the big aunts remembers the huge father	singular	plural	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that inspires the joyful mothers knows the little father	singular	plural	singular	inspire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small athlete that inspires the young women discourages the huge lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old athlete that knows the miserable doctors encourages the small carpenter	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that knows the small fathers encourages the happy girl	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that knows the sad girls discourages the joyful doctor	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that knows the little singers inspires the young victim	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young athlete that knows the sad women avoids the miserable uncle	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small athlete that knows the miserable women remembers the happy kid	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that observes the miserable aunts approves the joyful doctor	singular	plural	singular	observe	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that remembers the sad lawyers confuses the happy farmer	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that remembers the miserable lawyers criticizes the young man	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that remembers the old teachers engages the large singer	singular	plural	singular	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old athlete that stimulates the large carpenters understands the sad man	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that stimulates the small doctors engages the miserable kid	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young athlete that stimulates the ecstatic mothers confuses the joyful poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that understands the tiny aunts approves the joyful mother	singular	plural	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that understands the big aunts inspires the miserable friend	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that understands the tiny boys discourages the young uncle	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big athlete that understands the ecstatic farmers greets the tiny uncle	singular	plural	singular	understand	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that understands the big guys approves the young uncle	singular	plural	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that understands the miserable kids knows the little aunt	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that understands the little uncles inspires the old carpenter	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that understands the tiny victims avoids the ecstatic mother	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that admires the large boys remembers the tiny singer	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that admires the small carpenters approves the little friend	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that admires the sad mothers confuses the ecstatic singer	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that approves the little boys criticizes the happy guy	singular	plural	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that approves the big doctors avoids the huge guy	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that approves the old men greets the miserable farmer	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunt that approves the miserable men remembers the sad doctor	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunt that avoids the sad carpenters encourages the ecstatic poet	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that avoids the huge lawyers observes the big man	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that avoids the young men confuses the ecstatic mother	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that avoids the ecstatic mothers remembers the little victim	singular	plural	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that confuses the huge doctors admires the old guy	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunt that confuses the joyful friends inspires the happy farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that confuses the big guys approves the sad poet	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that confuses the large singers knows the happy athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunt that confuses the small victims encourages the big doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunt that criticizes the ecstatic athletes approves the tiny man	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that criticizes the happy doctors knows the miserable teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that criticizes the old girls confuses the young athlete	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that criticizes the miserable men understands the small kid	singular	plural	singular	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that discourages the small athletes criticizes the tiny man	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that discourages the young women approves the tiny mother	singular	plural	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that encourages the small fathers stimulates the sad man	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that engages the happy fathers confuses the tiny woman	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that engages the huge mothers encourages the young friend	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunt that engages the old poets greets the huge father	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunt that greets the little farmers discourages the happy uncle	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that greets the tiny friends knows the small teacher	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that greets the huge girls criticizes the happy victim	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that greets the happy guys criticizes the large man	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that inspires the joyful farmers confuses the huge girl	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that inspires the tiny lawyers avoids the sad friend	singular	plural	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that inspires the young mothers avoids the joyful boy	singular	plural	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that inspires the small uncles encourages the miserable doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that inspires the ecstatic victims encourages the large friend	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that knows the large boys approves the huge girl	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that knows the sad farmers discourages the old singer	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that knows the small kids avoids the tiny friend	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that knows the little kids avoids the huge uncle	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that knows the joyful women confuses the young farmer	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that observes the sad doctors remembers the huge guy	singular	plural	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunt that observes the sad kids inspires the little teacher	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that remembers the huge boys discourages the old victim	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that remembers the small girls encourages the large singer	singular	plural	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that remembers the old poets understands the happy friend	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that remembers the large singers avoids the ecstatic girl	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that remembers the ecstatic teachers confuses the old carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that remembers the small uncles knows the large father	singular	plural	singular	remember	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that remembers the huge women understands the joyful man	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that stimulates the ecstatic friends criticizes the small kid	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that stimulates the sad girls observes the old teacher	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that stimulates the happy teachers discourages the large boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunt that stimulates the little victims engages the tiny man	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boy that admires the little carpenters approves the old friend	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that admires the huge farmers greets the tiny mother	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that admires the happy girls greets the little aunt	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boy that admires the joyful poets knows the ecstatic uncle	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old boy that admires the miserable singers observes the happy mother	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young boy that admires the ecstatic victims avoids the joyful girl	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that approves the joyful girls remembers the young lawyer	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young boy that approves the happy uncles encourages the large athlete	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little boy that approves the large uncles knows the young aunt	singular	plural	singular	approve	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that avoids the happy teachers greets the big carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that avoids the large teachers inspires the little girl	singular	plural	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young boy that avoids the sad women discourages the tiny father	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that confuses the old friends knows the joyful aunt	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that confuses the big singers greets the large kid	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that confuses the young victims remembers the big friend	singular	plural	singular	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that criticizes the large fathers admires the little friend	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that criticizes the old lawyers understands the miserable poet	singular	plural	singular	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that criticizes the sad poets engages the huge farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that discourages the young athletes knows the joyful aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that discourages the happy friends admires the young guy	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that discourages the little friends greets the joyful mother	singular	plural	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boy that discourages the joyful men avoids the big uncle	singular	plural	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that discourages the joyful singers observes the huge man	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boy that encourages the joyful fathers criticizes the young uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that encourages the big men confuses the little victim	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that encourages the joyful teachers knows the ecstatic man	singular	plural	singular	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young boy that encourages the old uncles approves the little girl	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boy that engages the little athletes avoids the large mother	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little boy that engages the sad fathers admires the happy mother	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that engages the sad fathers criticizes the tiny carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that engages the old poets avoids the big mother	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that engages the huge poets encourages the ecstatic girl	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that engages the huge poets greets the ecstatic guy	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that engages the little uncles knows the old singer	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that engages the joyful women inspires the young aunt	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little boy that greets the sad aunts avoids the happy farmer	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that greets the huge farmers understands the large singer	singular	plural	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that greets the ecstatic singers inspires the big aunt	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that greets the miserable singers inspires the old uncle	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old boy that inspires the happy aunts criticizes the big friend	singular	plural	singular	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that inspires the huge carpenters greets the joyful girl	singular	plural	singular	inspire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boy that inspires the miserable fathers knows the tiny doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The little boy that inspires the ecstatic girls approves the happy farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that inspires the joyful singers discourages the tiny lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that knows the small athletes discourages the sad poet	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that knows the happy doctors greets the tiny girl	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young boy that knows the tiny doctors stimulates the big girl	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boy that knows the ecstatic fathers avoids the old guy	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that knows the sad lawyers avoids the old victim	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that knows the big women engages the happy mother	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boy that observes the joyful girls avoids the old guy	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that observes the huge girls engages the big carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boy that observes the young kids knows the large uncle	singular	plural	singular	observe	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that observes the old lawyers inspires the large teacher	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that observes the ecstatic men understands the joyful woman	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that observes the big uncles understands the happy carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that observes the big women greets the happy man	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little boy that remembers the huge guys criticizes the miserable mother	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that remembers the young mothers confuses the sad farmer	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that remembers the sad singers observes the small poet	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boy that stimulates the small farmers inspires the happy uncle	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that stimulates the miserable girls understands the tiny poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that stimulates the large men remembers the small victim	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The little boy that stimulates the old mothers understands the big father	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boy that stimulates the big uncles discourages the tiny poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that stimulates the old women avoids the happy doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that understands the large singers discourages the happy man	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that understands the young women encourages the small victim	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that admires the young guys engages the sad singer	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that admires the big kids greets the miserable boy	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that admires the happy victims discourages the joyful boy	singular	plural	singular	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that approves the little guys greets the miserable poet	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that approves the miserable victims engages the small aunt	singular	plural	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that approves the miserable women confuses the young mother	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that avoids the large farmers discourages the tiny uncle	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that avoids the big teachers inspires the happy lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that confuses the small poets approves the happy man	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that confuses the sad poets discourages the huge farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that confuses the miserable women encourages the joyful athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that criticizes the little friends inspires the happy doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that criticizes the huge girls inspires the large singer	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that criticizes the large kids inspires the huge boy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that criticizes the joyful mothers engages the big woman	singular	plural	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that criticizes the old mothers understands the big friend	singular	plural	singular	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that criticizes the miserable uncles engages the joyful mother	singular	plural	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that discourages the big men criticizes the huge farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that discourages the old uncles avoids the small singer	singular	plural	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that encourages the young athletes admires the big aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that encourages the big farmers knows the tiny uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that engages the big friends criticizes the sad man	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that greets the sad guys understands the huge poet	singular	plural	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that knows the small victims admires the old farmer	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that observes the joyful friends understands the tiny teacher	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that observes the young lawyers confuses the old athlete	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that observes the ecstatic singers confuses the small uncle	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that observes the miserable singers knows the happy victim	singular	plural	singular	observe	know
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that remembers the young poets engages the sad guy	singular	plural	singular	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenter that stimulates the tiny friends inspires the big doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that stimulates the small guys greets the ecstatic poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that understands the big athletes approves the large woman	singular	plural	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that understands the young fathers observes the joyful woman	singular	plural	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that understands the ecstatic guys confuses the miserable teacher	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that understands the miserable guys criticizes the sad girl	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that admires the happy mothers criticizes the joyful victim	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctor that approves the young boys discourages the big carpenter	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that approves the young boys discourages the little kid	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that approves the big boys engages the sad girl	singular	plural	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that avoids the small athletes confuses the sad girl	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that confuses the old farmers admires the huge poet	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that confuses the tiny men approves the small aunt	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that confuses the ecstatic men knows the large friend	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctor that confuses the ecstatic singers knows the old aunt	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that criticizes the small women discourages the miserable carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctor that discourages the little athletes remembers the tiny boy	singular	plural	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctor that discourages the joyful friends observes the huge aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that discourages the huge poets knows the ecstatic woman	singular	plural	singular	discourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctor that discourages the sad singers observes the young lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that encourages the little athletes admires the young mother	singular	plural	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that encourages the big carpenters avoids the sad lawyer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctor that encourages the big carpenters engages the ecstatic uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctor that encourages the sad girls discourages the tiny kid	singular	plural	singular	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that encourages the happy kids engages the huge uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that encourages the young lawyers confuses the large mother	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctor that encourages the tiny poets avoids the sad farmer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that engages the joyful aunts remembers the big friend	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctor that engages the joyful boys confuses the miserable carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that engages the huge teachers encourages the old boy	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that greets the big athletes knows the happy girl	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that greets the small carpenters encourages the big aunt	singular	plural	singular	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that greets the sad farmers confuses the miserable man	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that greets the large farmers engages the small athlete	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that greets the miserable fathers observes the old poet	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that greets the big friends admires the little victim	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctor that greets the huge mothers approves the old aunt	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that inspires the joyful carpenters discourages the old singer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctor that inspires the large men knows the huge guy	singular	plural	singular	inspire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that inspires the happy mothers greets the joyful woman	singular	plural	singular	inspire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that inspires the ecstatic singers encourages the young woman	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that knows the tiny mothers inspires the happy guy	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that observes the large aunts admires the happy girl	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that observes the sad farmers discourages the old mother	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that observes the tiny women confuses the ecstatic friend	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that observes the joyful women understands the large man	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that remembers the small farmers understands the miserable carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctor that stimulates the joyful athletes approves the sad poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that stimulates the huge friends knows the joyful girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that stimulates the ecstatic lawyers engages the miserable singer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that stimulates the small women avoids the joyful aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that understands the miserable farmers approves the small lawyer	singular	plural	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that understands the happy friends avoids the small poet	singular	plural	singular	understand	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that understands the huge friends observes the large carpenter	singular	plural	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that admires the large boys knows the ecstatic friend	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that admires the old friends inspires the little singer	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmer that admires the large poets confuses the little mother	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that admires the little poets stimulates the large victim	singular	plural	singular	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that admires the tiny victims understands the little guy	singular	plural	singular	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmer that confuses the big doctors knows the little father	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmer that criticizes the little boys approves the old poet	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that criticizes the small doctors observes the tiny uncle	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that criticizes the sad guys stimulates the large kid	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmer that criticizes the old men approves the joyful mother	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that criticizes the joyful uncles observes the tiny carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that discourages the old aunts greets the big boy	singular	plural	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that discourages the huge guys remembers the happy uncle	singular	plural	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmer that encourages the large carpenters approves the young man	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that encourages the old fathers observes the large mother	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmer that encourages the joyful poets avoids the huge carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that encourages the ecstatic singers remembers the big man	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that engages the tiny carpenters discourages the happy friend	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmer that engages the miserable kids discourages the sad lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that greets the ecstatic doctors inspires the large boy	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that greets the large kids admires the tiny friend	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that inspires the happy lawyers admires the young woman	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that knows the miserable girls greets the large mother	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that knows the big guys observes the large girl	singular	plural	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmer that observes the small aunts discourages the sad woman	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that observes the little boys remembers the sad doctor	singular	plural	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that observes the sad fathers inspires the big singer	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that observes the tiny girls remembers the big poet	singular	plural	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that observes the small guys engages the miserable doctor	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that observes the large poets stimulates the little father	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmer that observes the small singers remembers the happy woman	singular	plural	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmer that remembers the happy men criticizes the large singer	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmer that remembers the ecstatic teachers admires the small aunt	singular	plural	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that remembers the large women observes the old poet	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmer that stimulates the small boys approves the large aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that understands the miserable athletes confuses the joyful man	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmer that understands the happy fathers knows the old lawyer	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that understands the tiny lawyers confuses the big friend	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmer that understands the small lawyers criticizes the happy doctor	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that understands the happy mothers knows the big teacher	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that understands the big teachers discourages the ecstatic uncle	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that understands the large women admires the big teacher	singular	plural	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that admires the young carpenters avoids the huge poet	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that admires the tiny carpenters criticizes the big farmer	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that admires the old uncles engages the huge carpenter	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that approves the joyful aunts avoids the ecstatic teacher	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad father that approves the old aunts discourages the happy farmer	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable father that approves the sad aunts knows the tiny doctor	singular	plural	singular	approve	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that approves the miserable boys avoids the old guy	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that approves the large boys encourages the miserable uncle	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small father that approves the big guys inspires the old athlete	singular	plural	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small father that approves the old mothers confuses the miserable lawyer	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that avoids the ecstatic men inspires the small carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny father that avoids the ecstatic men inspires the joyful singer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny father that avoids the small mothers approves the large girl	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that confuses the happy men knows the ecstatic woman	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge father that criticizes the old doctors greets the small mother	singular	plural	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small father that criticizes the young guys admires the big woman	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable father that criticizes the huge women approves the joyful guy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful father that discourages the small boys confuses the miserable man	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small father that discourages the miserable guys avoids the large teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large father that discourages the old singers engages the young kid	singular	plural	singular	discourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that engages the old mothers remembers the ecstatic girl	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that greets the little aunts approves the joyful guy	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny father that greets the happy lawyers admires the young doctor	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small father that greets the joyful poets approves the young mother	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that greets the tiny singers avoids the small man	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that inspires the huge athletes discourages the large girl	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that inspires the happy kids avoids the large farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that inspires the huge uncles encourages the sad athlete	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge father that inspires the old uncles understands the tiny teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that inspires the large victims admires the big poet	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny father that knows the old guys criticizes the big victim	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge father that knows the large poets avoids the miserable girl	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful father that observes the happy girls engages the old boy	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that observes the sad men greets the big uncle	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that remembers the joyful carpenters criticizes the huge farmer	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that remembers the tiny farmers approves the small woman	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny father that remembers the small guys engages the joyful carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful father that remembers the young women stimulates the ecstatic victim	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that stimulates the little doctors knows the ecstatic woman	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny father that stimulates the small friends engages the large boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small father that stimulates the large friends greets the old uncle	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that stimulates the big lawyers knows the happy kid	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big father that stimulates the little lawyers remembers the small teacher	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that stimulates the small singers observes the miserable poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that stimulates the small victims encourages the huge kid	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that understands the sad aunts remembers the joyful boy	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that approves the small doctors avoids the sad aunt	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that approves the large girls criticizes the old aunt	singular	plural	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that approves the sad poets understands the joyful aunt	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that avoids the miserable athletes inspires the tiny lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that avoids the happy boys knows the small kid	singular	plural	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that confuses the little men stimulates the old poet	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that criticizes the large athletes admires the big singer	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small friend that criticizes the sad athletes confuses the old woman	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little friend that criticizes the huge aunts confuses the tiny man	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friend that criticizes the young women inspires the happy father	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little friend that discourages the huge men knows the small uncle	singular	plural	singular	discourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that discourages the ecstatic poets confuses the sad lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little friend that encourages the happy carpenters remembers the old uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The little friend that encourages the happy teachers admires the large lawyer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friend that engages the big kids discourages the happy girl	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that engages the joyful poets approves the young doctor	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large friend that engages the big singers knows the miserable girl	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large friend that engages the big uncles knows the happy doctor	singular	plural	singular	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that engages the happy victims inspires the joyful carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little friend that greets the happy teachers discourages the large father	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friend that inspires the huge carpenters approves the happy woman	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that inspires the sad kids encourages the joyful doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old friend that knows the small farmers admires the happy poet	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old friend that knows the young poets greets the joyful lawyer	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that knows the happy uncles understands the big woman	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little friend that observes the sad farmers greets the joyful boy	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that observes the big fathers avoids the tiny kid	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that observes the young men criticizes the joyful kid	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that remembers the miserable doctors criticizes the joyful carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young friend that remembers the old mothers greets the joyful poet	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that stimulates the ecstatic boys admires the young doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small friend that stimulates the huge fathers criticizes the young man	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little friend that stimulates the huge men understands the happy teacher	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large friend that stimulates the little victims encourages the miserable poet	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friend that understands the joyful fathers engages the tiny boy	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that understands the ecstatic girls criticizes the happy doctor	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that understands the joyful guys knows the little woman	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young girl that admires the huge singers stimulates the joyful man	singular	plural	singular	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that admires the joyful women inspires the ecstatic friend	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that avoids the ecstatic athletes remembers the tiny teacher	singular	plural	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that confuses the joyful boys approves the small friend	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that confuses the tiny fathers avoids the small teacher	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that confuses the old kids engages the happy carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuse	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that confuses the joyful lawyers criticizes the little friend	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that confuses the small men understands the large mother	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that confuses the small victims understands the big kid	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girl that criticizes the sad aunts greets the old father	singular	plural	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big girl that criticizes the ecstatic guys engages the little man	singular	plural	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girl that discourages the small athletes encourages the huge guy	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girl that discourages the large friends confuses the young poet	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that encourages the sad friends admires the large singer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that encourages the big kids inspires the small friend	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little girl that encourages the sad lawyers inspires the young athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young girl that encourages the huge victims greets the old mother	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that engages the joyful athletes confuses the sad lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young girl that engages the tiny aunts confuses the old poet	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girl that engages the little fathers understands the happy kid	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big girl that greets the happy doctors stimulates the huge man	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that greets the young poets observes the little woman	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that greets the tiny women approves the small poet	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that inspires the joyful aunts understands the huge guy	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little girl that inspires the ecstatic carpenters criticizes the old mother	singular	plural	singular	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girl that inspires the tiny friends confuses the little boy	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young girl that inspires the small guys admires the sad boy	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that inspires the large guys remembers the tiny doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girl that inspires the large lawyers avoids the joyful carpenter	singular	plural	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girl that inspires the ecstatic singers confuses the large doctor	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that inspires the sad teachers admires the large kid	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that knows the ecstatic aunts understands the little lawyer	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that knows the little guys encourages the tiny father	singular	plural	singular	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that knows the joyful kids engages the big mother	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that knows the happy teachers engages the sad father	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that knows the large women greets the joyful carpenter	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young girl that observes the huge carpenters greets the sad teacher	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that observes the old farmers inspires the little boy	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that remembers the small friends understands the happy lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that remembers the miserable guys encourages the huge aunt	singular	plural	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that remembers the joyful kids understands the little guy	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that remembers the tiny men greets the joyful aunt	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that remembers the happy women observes the joyful singer	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that stimulates the miserable boys inspires the old friend	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that stimulates the young carpenters confuses the tiny friend	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big girl that stimulates the joyful doctors understands the large father	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that stimulates the old farmers inspires the ecstatic teacher	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young girl that stimulates the sad fathers confuses the small friend	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young girl that stimulates the miserable fathers criticizes the old farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girl that stimulates the huge teachers criticizes the joyful doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that stimulates the miserable teachers observes the old woman	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girl that understands the old boys knows the young teacher	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that understands the little carpenters engages the small woman	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that understands the young carpenters inspires the huge friend	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that understands the miserable doctors encourages the sad friend	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that understands the old guys encourages the happy woman	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that understands the tiny singers knows the sad mother	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large guy that admires the happy boys avoids the young friend	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that admires the large mothers knows the joyful teacher	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young guy that admires the miserable singers criticizes the joyful man	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large guy that approves the huge friends understands the happy athlete	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that approves the sad lawyers confuses the happy victim	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that approves the little lawyers remembers the big father	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that approves the huge men stimulates the old woman	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that approves the huge women understands the large doctor	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that avoids the young athletes encourages the old singer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that avoids the huge teachers confuses the sad athlete	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that confuses the ecstatic aunts greets the sad girl	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that confuses the miserable carpenters approves the huge girl	singular	plural	singular	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that confuses the ecstatic men criticizes the sad doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that criticizes the large farmers encourages the ecstatic uncle	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that criticizes the tiny men avoids the huge friend	singular	plural	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The young guy that criticizes the small singers discourages the old girl	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large guy that discourages the little boys inspires the miserable farmer	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that discourages the small victims understands the little athlete	singular	plural	singular	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guy that encourages the large poets observes the huge victim	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old guy that encourages the happy teachers stimulates the young girl	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that encourages the old uncles observes the happy victim	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The small guy that engages the old athletes stimulates the little girl	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that engages the sad carpenters greets the small uncle	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that engages the huge lawyers confuses the happy boy	singular	plural	singular	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small guy that engages the tiny teachers stimulates the young kid	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that engages the large victims greets the tiny girl	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that engages the ecstatic women criticizes the small poet	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that engages the small women encourages the sad singer	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that greets the ecstatic aunts stimulates the small mother	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young guy that greets the miserable doctors confuses the small man	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that greets the sad kids avoids the ecstatic farmer	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that greets the big mothers encourages the sad aunt	singular	plural	singular	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old guy that greets the happy mothers observes the huge friend	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big guy that greets the huge victims avoids the happy kid	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The old guy that inspires the sad aunts greets the joyful poet	singular	plural	singular	inspire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guy that inspires the huge aunts knows the young teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that knows the big men greets the small girl	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that observes the sad aunts criticizes the tiny girl	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that observes the tiny doctors criticizes the small victim	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big guy that remembers the joyful athletes inspires the huge girl	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that remembers the little carpenters engages the sad father	singular	plural	singular	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guy that remembers the big lawyers avoids the small mother	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that remembers the huge lawyers knows the happy girl	singular	plural	singular	remember	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large guy that remembers the joyful poets approves the small doctor	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that remembers the happy uncles stimulates the sad mother	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young guy that stimulates the miserable friends observes the ecstatic aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young guy that stimulates the huge mothers criticizes the ecstatic aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that understands the huge boys approves the young athlete	singular	plural	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that understands the young carpenters confuses the small athlete	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small guy that understands the old friends inspires the young singer	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The large guy that understands the young girls engages the small woman	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that understands the big kids approves the large girl	singular	plural	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that understands the huge poets remembers the joyful teacher	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The big guy that understands the joyful teachers admires the ecstatic farmer	singular	plural	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The large kid that admires the big fathers greets the joyful mother	singular	plural	singular	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that admires the huge guys approves the happy man	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that admires the young uncles observes the miserable man	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that admires the large women avoids the young farmer	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that approves the old girls greets the joyful carpenter	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that approves the young victims remembers the old lawyer	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that avoids the young carpenters inspires the sad father	singular	plural	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that avoids the large victims confuses the happy lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that confuses the large lawyers discourages the big singer	singular	plural	singular	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small kid that confuses the big uncles discourages the tiny carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that criticizes the old athletes encourages the ecstatic guy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that criticizes the little lawyers approves the sad victim	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small kid that criticizes the happy women approves the miserable aunt	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kid that discourages the huge uncles criticizes the small teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that encourages the little carpenters confuses the old poet	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kid that encourages the huge men discourages the sad guy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that encourages the happy mothers observes the tiny singer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little kid that engages the small poets inspires the happy guy	singular	plural	singular	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that engages the ecstatic singers understands the small father	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that greets the little teachers engages the miserable boy	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that greets the happy teachers observes the big girl	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that inspires the tiny lawyers approves the little singer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that knows the old boys stimulates the large friend	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that knows the miserable friends engages the small mother	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that knows the small mothers observes the ecstatic athlete	singular	plural	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that knows the large teachers criticizes the huge guy	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large kid that observes the small athletes stimulates the miserable singer	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small kid that observes the little doctors approves the big singer	singular	plural	singular	observe	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that observes the ecstatic girls understands the large mother	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that observes the joyful singers encourages the miserable carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observe	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that observes the joyful teachers remembers the huge poet	singular	plural	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kid that remembers the tiny athletes engages the ecstatic mother	singular	plural	singular	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that remembers the sad aunts inspires the small carpenter	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that remembers the miserable boys observes the joyful father	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that remembers the big women encourages the old athlete	singular	plural	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that stimulates the large doctors engages the little woman	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large kid that stimulates the happy guys observes the huge woman	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that stimulates the joyful lawyers admires the young girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that stimulates the large poets avoids the sad athlete	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little kid that stimulates the old teachers criticizes the joyful woman	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The small kid that understands the large guys approves the young man	singular	plural	singular	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that understands the huge singers discourages the young athlete	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little kid that understands the happy singers encourages the huge guy	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that understands the old teachers admires the little farmer	singular	plural	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that admires the happy aunts avoids the large girl	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that admires the joyful aunts confuses the large singer	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that admires the small carpenters observes the ecstatic teacher	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that approves the happy fathers confuses the young boy	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that approves the happy kids knows the small doctor	singular	plural	singular	approve	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that avoids the large athletes understands the little doctor	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that avoids the miserable friends inspires the joyful kid	singular	plural	singular	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that confuses the big singers observes the sad carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that criticizes the ecstatic farmers discourages the happy athlete	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that criticizes the big farmers understands the small friend	singular	plural	singular	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that criticizes the joyful kids inspires the sad teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that criticizes the tiny men inspires the little poet	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that criticizes the happy mothers admires the miserable teacher	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that discourages the ecstatic athletes stimulates the young boy	singular	plural	singular	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that discourages the happy carpenters admires the tiny woman	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that discourages the miserable doctors greets the ecstatic woman	singular	plural	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that discourages the miserable poets encourages the joyful teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that encourages the sad aunts criticizes the small athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that encourages the ecstatic aunts stimulates the miserable mother	singular	plural	singular	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that encourages the old fathers criticizes the large teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that engages the huge farmers admires the miserable singer	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that engages the large farmers greets the small guy	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that engages the large girls criticizes the ecstatic mother	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that engages the miserable kids criticizes the joyful boy	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that engages the joyful mothers stimulates the young kid	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that engages the happy poets observes the little friend	singular	plural	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that engages the little singers remembers the happy man	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that greets the young girls avoids the big guy	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that greets the small kids stimulates the big woman	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that greets the joyful kids understands the old man	singular	plural	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that greets the big men approves the young athlete	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that greets the sad mothers avoids the ecstatic farmer	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that greets the large mothers knows the happy woman	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that greets the huge poets criticizes the happy uncle	singular	plural	singular	greet	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that greets the big singers knows the young poet	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that greets the big uncles engages the tiny victim	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that inspires the large aunts observes the old kid	singular	plural	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that inspires the huge mothers engages the young teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that knows the young men approves the tiny poet	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that knows the young singers admires the big teacher	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that observes the tiny athletes inspires the happy farmer	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that observes the small doctors engages the little man	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that observes the miserable guys criticizes the small carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that observes the sad guys understands the tiny poet	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that observes the big singers stimulates the joyful father	singular	plural	singular	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyer that remembers the old aunts encourages the sad kid	singular	plural	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that remembers the miserable fathers discourages the large kid	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that remembers the miserable poets discourages the big aunt	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that remembers the sad victims encourages the joyful friend	singular	plural	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that stimulates the huge athletes observes the tiny kid	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that stimulates the big doctors knows the tiny farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that stimulates the young farmers criticizes the joyful teacher	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that stimulates the sad guys observes the young farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that understands the young aunts inspires the small guy	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that understands the sad fathers stimulates the young aunt	singular	plural	singular	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that understands the miserable uncles inspires the sad man	singular	plural	singular	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that admires the little athletes engages the old teacher	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that admires the young doctors avoids the sad lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny man that admires the huge friends remembers the sad girl	singular	plural	singular	admire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy man that admires the joyful girls encourages the small father	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that admires the large poets approves the old singer	singular	plural	singular	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large man that admires the happy teachers knows the joyful lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large man that admires the ecstatic teachers stimulates the joyful woman	singular	plural	singular	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The large man that approves the young farmers understands the happy lawyer	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little man that approves the huge girls admires the tiny mother	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that approves the happy teachers encourages the young boy	singular	plural	singular	approve	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that approves the miserable uncles engages the small mother	singular	plural	singular	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large man that approves the ecstatic victims confuses the happy teacher	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that approves the young victims stimulates the happy girl	singular	plural	singular	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny man that approves the young women criticizes the sad father	singular	plural	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that avoids the small aunts discourages the tiny girl	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that avoids the tiny fathers engages the little kid	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that avoids the happy girls observes the young kid	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that avoids the small girls observes the huge victim	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old man that avoids the miserable women criticizes the little singer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that criticizes the huge fathers approves the old athlete	singular	plural	singular	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large man that criticizes the joyful singers stimulates the huge guy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small man that discourages the big carpenters criticizes the little guy	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large man that discourages the huge farmers observes the ecstatic doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large man that discourages the happy guys remembers the sad girl	singular	plural	singular	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The large man that discourages the tiny teachers admires the old victim	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little man that discourages the joyful teachers criticizes the happy lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that encourages the little athletes engages the ecstatic uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that encourages the large farmers greets the joyful carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that encourages the young girls inspires the old carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old man that encourages the huge women discourages the joyful guy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large man that engages the miserable boys approves the tiny girl	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful man that engages the small doctors greets the huge girl	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that engages the small doctors greets the little victim	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old man that engages the joyful lawyers discourages the happy athlete	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy man that engages the ecstatic mothers criticizes the young singer	singular	plural	singular	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy man that engages the tiny poets encourages the old doctor	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy man that greets the big aunts avoids the sad mother	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that greets the joyful fathers remembers the sad boy	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge man that greets the sad friends avoids the small victim	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little man that greets the large singers stimulates the small aunt	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny man that greets the happy victims remembers the large woman	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small man that greets the miserable victims stimulates the little uncle	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small man that inspires the big carpenters stimulates the tiny uncle	singular	plural	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that inspires the tiny doctors knows the old boy	singular	plural	singular	inspire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny man that inspires the old fathers stimulates the little singer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that inspires the happy guys knows the young boy	singular	plural	singular	inspire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that inspires the big kids knows the large uncle	singular	plural	singular	inspire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large man that inspires the ecstatic singers admires the little lawyer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old man that knows the joyful boys remembers the large guy	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that knows the tiny fathers greets the little uncle	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The happy man that knows the young girls confuses the old father	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful man that knows the little poets criticizes the large teacher	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little man that knows the big poets stimulates the young athlete	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that observes the miserable doctors criticizes the sad teacher	singular	plural	singular	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that observes the small girls admires the miserable father	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful man that observes the huge girls approves the old father	singular	plural	singular	observe	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge man that observes the tiny girls understands the small woman	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The small man that observes the ecstatic women encourages the miserable farmer	singular	plural	singular	observe	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small man that remembers the ecstatic athletes approves the miserable teacher	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that remembers the little boys encourages the tiny victim	singular	plural	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that remembers the ecstatic doctors criticizes the tiny farmer	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large man that remembers the sad fathers stimulates the miserable kid	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy man that remembers the old victims criticizes the tiny friend	singular	plural	singular	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old man that stimulates the huge girls criticizes the young mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny man that understands the young carpenters confuses the miserable friend	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that admires the joyful kids understands the happy father	singular	plural	singular	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that admires the huge lawyers engages the old athlete	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that admires the happy poets confuses the miserable victim	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large mother that approves the young men understands the miserable woman	singular	plural	singular	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that avoids the little carpenters observes the young woman	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that avoids the miserable farmers engages the small aunt	singular	plural	singular	avoid	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that confuses the joyful athletes avoids the happy victim	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that confuses the little boys discourages the big kid	singular	plural	singular	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that confuses the ecstatic carpenters knows the miserable uncle	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young mother that confuses the little doctors admires the huge father	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that confuses the large girls criticizes the big farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large mother that criticizes the tiny carpenters encourages the big boy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that criticizes the sad doctors admires the old farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The young mother that criticizes the big fathers remembers the little lawyer	singular	plural	singular	criticize	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The large mother that criticizes the big fathers stimulates the young singer	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that discourages the small kids greets the young guy	singular	plural	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that discourages the old men stimulates the large aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young mother that discourages the huge poets observes the small lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that encourages the big lawyers confuses the ecstatic aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that encourages the small lawyers understands the joyful boy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that engages the young guys remembers the big farmer	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that engages the happy lawyers approves the young athlete	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that engages the happy lawyers understands the tiny carpenter	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young mother that engages the joyful men avoids the little uncle	singular	plural	singular	engage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that greets the old athletes avoids the large woman	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that greets the young carpenters understands the joyful farmer	singular	plural	singular	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The small mother that greets the happy doctors remembers the huge boy	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that greets the miserable doctors stimulates the ecstatic girl	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old mother that greets the joyful lawyers inspires the sad farmer	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that inspires the joyful men admires the tiny victim	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mother that inspires the little poets discourages the sad uncle	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that inspires the little singers avoids the big uncle	singular	plural	singular	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that knows the joyful boys stimulates the happy lawyer	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that knows the young fathers avoids the miserable singer	singular	plural	singular	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mother that knows the little fathers stimulates the big singer	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mother that knows the small kids confuses the miserable victim	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old mother that observes the big men greets the young woman	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mother that observes the large poets avoids the ecstatic aunt	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The young mother that observes the large poets confuses the sad friend	singular	plural	singular	observe	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that remembers the happy kids approves the little woman	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that remembers the big kids avoids the tiny athlete	singular	plural	singular	remember	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that remembers the miserable men admires the old farmer	singular	plural	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mother that stimulates the miserable kids greets the sad father	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that stimulates the large men remembers the miserable boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that stimulates the miserable uncles discourages the tiny carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that understands the little doctors criticizes the joyful athlete	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large mother that understands the ecstatic lawyers remembers the little poet	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that understands the young men encourages the old doctor	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that understands the small men greets the joyful uncle	singular	plural	singular	understand	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that understands the sad poets encourages the young man	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that admires the young boys knows the joyful teacher	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that admires the small mothers encourages the ecstatic farmer	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old poet that admires the big victims confuses the ecstatic teacher	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that admires the happy women criticizes the young girl	singular	plural	singular	admire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old poet that approves the young girls observes the miserable father	singular	plural	singular	approve	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that approves the joyful uncles inspires the ecstatic farmer	singular	plural	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poet that approves the old uncles inspires the tiny singer	singular	plural	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that avoids the tiny guys remembers the young uncle	singular	plural	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poet that confuses the joyful aunts knows the young athlete	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that confuses the young carpenters admires the small farmer	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that confuses the miserable guys criticizes the ecstatic girl	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that confuses the young guys encourages the happy carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big poet that criticizes the miserable athletes confuses the young boy	singular	plural	singular	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old poet that criticizes the small singers knows the tiny girl	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that criticizes the old uncles observes the miserable girl	singular	plural	singular	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that discourages the ecstatic farmers engages the big man	singular	plural	singular	discourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old poet that discourages the little girls approves the huge victim	singular	plural	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young poet that discourages the large guys inspires the old doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that discourages the happy mothers avoids the little victim	singular	plural	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that encourages the young lawyers greets the tiny doctor	singular	plural	singular	encourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poet that encourages the young victims knows the miserable teacher	singular	plural	singular	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that engages the happy farmers remembers the old athlete	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that engages the small kids approves the big mother	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that engages the happy lawyers remembers the joyful boy	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poet that engages the big uncles stimulates the happy man	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old poet that engages the miserable uncles understands the small woman	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that greets the miserable athletes discourages the small aunt	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that greets the sad doctors admires the miserable woman	singular	plural	singular	greet	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that greets the little doctors discourages the ecstatic aunt	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that greets the sad doctors inspires the old lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young poet that greets the small girls discourages the sad man	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poet that inspires the huge aunts encourages the little kid	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that inspires the miserable doctors remembers the young carpenter	singular	plural	singular	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The big poet that inspires the large uncles stimulates the tiny farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that knows the ecstatic boys understands the big mother	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that knows the happy doctors understands the young girl	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big poet that knows the old lawyers confuses the joyful boy	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that knows the tiny singers greets the little woman	singular	plural	singular	know	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that knows the tiny teachers approves the ecstatic father	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The little poet that observes the young singers remembers the happy uncle	singular	plural	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that remembers the huge carpenters understands the joyful farmer	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that remembers the large farmers discourages the big aunt	singular	plural	singular	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big poet that stimulates the miserable lawyers encourages the little victim	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that stimulates the small lawyers greets the tiny aunt	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that stimulates the big mothers confuses the little friend	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poet that stimulates the ecstatic uncles approves the big farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that stimulates the joyful victims confuses the ecstatic woman	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that understands the young friends remembers the small victim	singular	plural	singular	understand	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that understands the small mothers discourages the ecstatic father	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that understands the sad women confuses the small farmer	singular	plural	singular	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that understands the tiny women observes the sad farmer	singular	plural	singular	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that admires the big carpenters observes the large teacher	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that admires the joyful friends engages the happy athlete	singular	plural	singular	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that approves the tiny boys admires the big lawyer	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singer that approves the little men confuses the sad father	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that approves the young teachers remembers the little boy	singular	plural	singular	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that avoids the huge boys remembers the big uncle	singular	plural	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that avoids the big doctors knows the little woman	singular	plural	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that avoids the large fathers discourages the big athlete	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young singer that avoids the tiny friends discourages the happy carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that avoids the joyful men confuses the happy farmer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small singer that avoids the ecstatic mothers understands the joyful farmer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that avoids the huge uncles knows the miserable kid	singular	plural	singular	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big singer that confuses the little boys observes the miserable girl	singular	plural	singular	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little singer that confuses the big girls greets the ecstatic friend	singular	plural	singular	confuse	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young singer that confuses the big uncles stimulates the small man	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that confuses the ecstatic victims admires the large kid	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small singer that criticizes the miserable carpenters discourages the huge athlete	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little singer that criticizes the huge farmers knows the large friend	singular	plural	singular	criticize	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that criticizes the miserable guys greets the huge man	singular	plural	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big singer that criticizes the little mothers inspires the joyful carpenter	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that discourages the miserable carpenters encourages the tiny friend	singular	plural	singular	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that discourages the happy guys greets the young carpenter	singular	plural	singular	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small singer that discourages the big lawyers inspires the young man	singular	plural	singular	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that discourages the huge men admires the large doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that discourages the small mothers admires the ecstatic aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that discourages the happy women admires the miserable mother	singular	plural	singular	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that engages the large girls admires the tiny doctor	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big singer that engages the large poets greets the tiny athlete	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that engages the big uncles admires the small woman	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that greets the large kids observes the big lawyer	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that greets the sad men approves the big carpenter	singular	plural	singular	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that greets the happy poets discourages the ecstatic aunt	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singer that inspires the sad athletes criticizes the old poet	singular	plural	singular	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The small singer that knows the big aunts discourages the miserable carpenter	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big singer that knows the old boys inspires the sad poet	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little singer that knows the huge farmers inspires the large girl	singular	plural	singular	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little singer that knows the joyful uncles admires the big poet	singular	plural	singular	know	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that knows the large women understands the big girl	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that observes the huge boys inspires the young athlete	singular	plural	singular	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that observes the miserable mothers engages the large farmer	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that observes the young victims engages the sad carpenter	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singer that remembers the sad carpenters stimulates the young mother	singular	plural	singular	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that remembers the joyful men admires the ecstatic uncle	singular	plural	singular	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that remembers the little uncles inspires the large doctor	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that stimulates the huge athletes inspires the old father	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that stimulates the old friends observes the tiny farmer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that stimulates the old uncles encourages the large mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singer that stimulates the joyful uncles knows the tiny kid	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that stimulates the tiny women inspires the joyful kid	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that understands the old farmers admires the miserable friend	singular	plural	singular	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that admires the huge carpenters discourages the small lawyer	singular	plural	singular	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large teacher that admires the big guys knows the huge kid	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that admires the big kids observes the little athlete	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that admires the sad mothers avoids the large singer	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big teacher that admires the happy victims observes the old friend	singular	plural	singular	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large teacher that approves the sad athletes criticizes the huge kid	singular	plural	singular	approve	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that approves the joyful farmers confuses the small lawyer	singular	plural	singular	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large teacher that approves the miserable girls greets the small aunt	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that avoids the miserable aunts encourages the big father	singular	plural	singular	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that avoids the big aunts stimulates the tiny guy	singular	plural	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that avoids the big farmers confuses the happy friend	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that avoids the tiny farmers confuses the joyful mother	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big teacher that avoids the sad fathers admires the young victim	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that avoids the little poets approves the old friend	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big teacher that avoids the small poets criticizes the sad woman	singular	plural	singular	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that avoids the old uncles observes the huge farmer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that confuses the miserable boys understands the small uncle	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that criticizes the large farmers greets the sad friend	singular	plural	singular	criticize	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that discourages the small boys approves the tiny singer	singular	plural	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that discourages the small women understands the miserable victim	singular	plural	singular	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large teacher that encourages the sad carpenters engages the miserable boy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big teacher that encourages the sad doctors understands the old victim	singular	plural	singular	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that encourages the big women inspires the sad carpenter	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that engages the large athletes greets the ecstatic singer	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that engages the huge farmers discourages the miserable uncle	singular	plural	singular	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old teacher that engages the young victims understands the big doctor	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that greets the miserable doctors stimulates the young friend	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that greets the happy mothers observes the huge woman	singular	plural	singular	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The small teacher that inspires the young guys admires the little woman	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that inspires the ecstatic kids admires the miserable man	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that inspires the little lawyers criticizes the miserable father	singular	plural	singular	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old teacher that inspires the ecstatic mothers approves the sad father	singular	plural	singular	inspire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that knows the sad girls confuses the joyful mother	singular	plural	singular	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that observes the huge fathers remembers the miserable kid	singular	plural	singular	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that observes the ecstatic friends encourages the small doctor	singular	plural	singular	observe	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old teacher that observes the young kids admires the large doctor	singular	plural	singular	observe	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that remembers the huge victims understands the old poet	singular	plural	singular	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that stimulates the small athletes avoids the happy guy	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that stimulates the miserable aunts encourages the joyful girl	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that stimulates the large aunts knows the little kid	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that stimulates the tiny fathers admires the big man	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that stimulates the young fathers knows the large lawyer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that stimulates the sad friends inspires the happy man	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The large teacher that stimulates the old women approves the miserable doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that understands the young singers knows the tiny man	singular	plural	singular	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that admires the sad farmers confuses the big woman	singular	plural	singular	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that admires the ecstatic fathers knows the sad farmer	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that admires the large mothers inspires the old aunt	singular	plural	singular	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that approves the ecstatic lawyers knows the big singer	singular	plural	singular	approve	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that avoids the small lawyers stimulates the miserable victim	singular	plural	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that avoids the small men observes the tiny lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that avoids the little women confuses the huge carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that confuses the huge aunts understands the small girl	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that confuses the tiny boys knows the large doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that confuses the joyful friends avoids the young carpenter	singular	plural	singular	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that confuses the joyful women understands the tiny doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that criticizes the little athletes inspires the large farmer	singular	plural	singular	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that criticizes the happy boys avoids the tiny athlete	singular	plural	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncle that criticizes the large carpenters stimulates the young father	singular	plural	singular	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that discourages the huge fathers confuses the ecstatic guy	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that discourages the old lawyers criticizes the young friend	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that discourages the large singers approves the tiny boy	singular	plural	singular	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that discourages the sad victims criticizes the old teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that encourages the large boys avoids the little victim	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that encourages the tiny farmers inspires the miserable doctor	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that encourages the sad farmers remembers the miserable friend	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that encourages the little lawyers observes the big poet	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that encourages the sad poets confuses the happy boy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that encourages the young poets confuses the ecstatic woman	singular	plural	singular	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that engages the young doctors admires the miserable farmer	singular	plural	singular	engage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncle that engages the tiny men greets the sad aunt	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that engages the huge men understands the large boy	singular	plural	singular	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncle that engages the young singers encourages the happy doctor	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that engages the ecstatic victims stimulates the small father	singular	plural	singular	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that engages the young women observes the joyful lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that greets the sad aunts stimulates the large mother	singular	plural	singular	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that greets the young kids discourages the huge doctor	singular	plural	singular	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that greets the young poets avoids the large girl	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that inspires the tiny athletes criticizes the small boy	singular	plural	singular	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that inspires the tiny aunts discourages the huge woman	singular	plural	singular	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that inspires the ecstatic boys admires the big mother	singular	plural	singular	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that inspires the miserable fathers knows the happy friend	singular	plural	singular	inspire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that inspires the young guys understands the happy athlete	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that inspires the old kids engages the young teacher	singular	plural	singular	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncle that inspires the young women understands the huge father	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that knows the happy athletes discourages the joyful mother	singular	plural	singular	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that knows the miserable kids understands the little victim	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that knows the little lawyers understands the ecstatic teacher	singular	plural	singular	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that observes the ecstatic guys understands the joyful father	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that observes the little teachers greets the sad kid	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that observes the tiny victims knows the little man	singular	plural	singular	observe	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that remembers the old aunts observes the happy athlete	singular	plural	singular	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that remembers the happy friends confuses the large farmer	singular	plural	singular	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that remembers the big girls approves the sad lawyer	singular	plural	singular	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that remembers the miserable men engages the tiny kid	singular	plural	singular	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that stimulates the large lawyers greets the sad man	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncle that stimulates the sad victims encourages the big carpenter	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that understands the tiny aunts engages the small woman	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that understands the young women encourages the large man	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victim that admires the miserable athletes avoids the huge carpenter	singular	plural	singular	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that admires the miserable aunts knows the joyful farmer	singular	plural	singular	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victim that admires the large doctors encourages the big kid	singular	plural	singular	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that admires the little singers understands the sad girl	singular	plural	singular	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young victim that approves the miserable boys discourages the happy friend	singular	plural	singular	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victim that approves the miserable mothers inspires the small singer	singular	plural	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that approves the joyful uncles avoids the large man	singular	plural	singular	approve	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that avoids the joyful athletes approves the miserable poet	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large victim that avoids the miserable aunts confuses the old friend	singular	plural	singular	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that avoids the old fathers admires the huge lawyer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little victim that avoids the old fathers approves the sad boy	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large victim that avoids the little kids stimulates the young man	singular	plural	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victim that avoids the tiny men stimulates the miserable mother	singular	plural	singular	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that confuses the large athletes criticizes the tiny doctor	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big victim that confuses the old athletes stimulates the miserable singer	singular	plural	singular	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young victim that confuses the miserable boys criticizes the happy singer	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little victim that confuses the miserable carpenters admires the joyful girl	singular	plural	singular	confuse	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that criticizes the large boys engages the miserable doctor	singular	plural	singular	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that criticizes the small carpenters avoids the tiny father	singular	plural	singular	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that discourages the tiny farmers observes the huge athlete	singular	plural	singular	discourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large victim that discourages the happy poets understands the tiny aunt	singular	plural	singular	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that encourages the sad farmers engages the young athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that encourages the large poets remembers the joyful girl	singular	plural	singular	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that engages the tiny men approves the miserable doctor	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old victim that greets the tiny athletes confuses the sad farmer	singular	plural	singular	greet	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victim that greets the ecstatic aunts inspires the little teacher	singular	plural	singular	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old victim that greets the sad friends avoids the happy carpenter	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that greets the miserable men avoids the huge farmer	singular	plural	singular	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victim that inspires the ecstatic boys engages the tiny singer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that inspires the big doctors encourages the happy farmer	singular	plural	singular	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victim that inspires the small doctors observes the large aunt	singular	plural	singular	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that knows the small athletes stimulates the tiny woman	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little victim that knows the young boys criticizes the happy poet	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that knows the happy carpenters criticizes the big friend	singular	plural	singular	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that knows the large carpenters remembers the joyful friend	singular	plural	singular	know	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young victim that knows the ecstatic carpenters stimulates the little poet	singular	plural	singular	know	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that observes the big aunts discourages the joyful teacher	singular	plural	singular	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that observes the tiny boys approves the little guy	singular	plural	singular	observe	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that observes the huge boys greets the ecstatic athlete	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little victim that observes the large singers encourages the sad father	singular	plural	singular	observe	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that remembers the young guys encourages the small kid	singular	plural	singular	remember	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little victim that remembers the small lawyers greets the ecstatic teacher	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old victim that stimulates the small farmers understands the sad doctor	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young victim that stimulates the happy girls engages the sad uncle	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young victim that stimulates the sad mothers discourages the small boy	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victim that stimulates the old uncles confuses the sad father	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that understands the happy carpenters discourages the large father	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that admires the little farmers understands the happy boy	singular	plural	singular	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that admires the ecstatic mothers discourages the miserable guy	singular	plural	singular	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that approves the large aunts admires the tiny girl	singular	plural	singular	approve	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that approves the large farmers greets the small victim	singular	plural	singular	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that approves the happy singers inspires the large kid	singular	plural	singular	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old woman that avoids the happy girls approves the joyful carpenter	singular	plural	singular	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small woman that avoids the little guys greets the huge teacher	singular	plural	singular	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old woman that avoids the ecstatic poets remembers the happy singer	singular	plural	singular	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that confuses the tiny boys criticizes the miserable mother	singular	plural	singular	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad woman that confuses the happy victims observes the miserable father	singular	plural	singular	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that criticizes the old friends encourages the big uncle	singular	plural	singular	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad woman that criticizes the young teachers discourages the huge friend	singular	plural	singular	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge woman that discourages the young aunts criticizes the ecstatic lawyer	singular	plural	singular	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad woman that discourages the old kids confuses the ecstatic doctor	singular	plural	singular	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that discourages the ecstatic singers avoids the tiny teacher	singular	plural	singular	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad woman that encourages the happy carpenters approves the old aunt	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that encourages the sad carpenters avoids the big singer	singular	plural	singular	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that encourages the old friends observes the joyful athlete	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old woman that encourages the little guys approves the small uncle	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that encourages the small mothers approves the miserable man	singular	plural	singular	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad woman that encourages the young mothers inspires the miserable boy	singular	plural	singular	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that encourages the ecstatic victims observes the little poet	singular	plural	singular	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy woman that engages the young carpenters encourages the joyful lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that engages the miserable guys remembers the old lawyer	singular	plural	singular	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that engages the ecstatic kids approves the small girl	singular	plural	singular	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that engages the joyful kids encourages the tiny boy	singular	plural	singular	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that engages the joyful poets greets the huge guy	singular	plural	singular	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that greets the large farmers engages the miserable girl	singular	plural	singular	greet	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that greets the little fathers knows the tiny poet	singular	plural	singular	greet	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small woman that greets the miserable girls remembers the little poet	singular	plural	singular	greet	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that inspires the small boys understands the ecstatic friend	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that inspires the large farmers understands the happy father	singular	plural	singular	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that inspires the small teachers confuses the huge athlete	singular	plural	singular	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that knows the old aunts approves the young carpenter	singular	plural	singular	know	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old woman that knows the ecstatic aunts observes the miserable kid	singular	plural	singular	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that knows the ecstatic guys engages the large doctor	singular	plural	singular	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that observes the ecstatic athletes avoids the happy singer	singular	plural	singular	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large woman that observes the big athletes greets the joyful aunt	singular	plural	singular	observe	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that observes the large aunts knows the little doctor	singular	plural	singular	observe	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large woman that observes the ecstatic aunts understands the miserable kid	singular	plural	singular	observe	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that observes the old fathers engages the miserable mother	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that observes the little singers engages the large man	singular	plural	singular	observe	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that remembers the huge kids inspires the large doctor	singular	plural	singular	remember	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small woman that remembers the joyful victims greets the miserable farmer	singular	plural	singular	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that stimulates the huge aunts criticizes the big lawyer	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that stimulates the young uncles avoids the miserable mother	singular	plural	singular	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that understands the happy lawyers criticizes the joyful kid	singular	plural	singular	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old woman that understands the small lawyers engages the young man	singular	plural	singular	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad woman that understands the small men discourages the ecstatic guy	singular	plural	singular	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that understands the miserable men encourages the small aunt	singular	plural	singular	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that admires the tiny aunts knows the old girls	singular	plural	plural	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old athlete that admires the happy fathers discourages the big poets	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that admires the joyful girls avoids the large uncles	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that admires the young guys encourages the large mothers	singular	plural	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that admires the ecstatic poets greets the small uncles	singular	plural	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small athlete that approves the huge friends confuses the miserable singers	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that approves the ecstatic kids discourages the little carpenters	singular	plural	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that approves the large lawyers engages the huge guys	singular	plural	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that approves the joyful uncles knows the small girls	singular	plural	plural	approve	know
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that avoids the ecstatic carpenters observes the happy men	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that avoids the small kids approves the large carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that confuses the joyful aunts discourages the ecstatic fathers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that confuses the little farmers observes the big mothers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old athlete that confuses the sad fathers engages the big guys	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small athlete that confuses the young victims greets the huge friends	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big athlete that criticizes the miserable aunts engages the little doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athlete that criticizes the happy girls observes the sad friends	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that criticizes the sad guys avoids the old kids	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large athlete that criticizes the ecstatic kids observes the little doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that discourages the tiny aunts remembers the little carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that discourages the sad teachers greets the happy mothers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athlete that encourages the little boys engages the old men	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big athlete that encourages the tiny carpenters engages the sad kids	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that encourages the happy guys criticizes the large lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that encourages the huge guys greets the sad carpenters	singular	plural	plural	encourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that encourages the tiny lawyers approves the young aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that engages the sad aunts discourages the young uncles	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that engages the small farmers understands the young singers	singular	plural	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that engages the ecstatic friends stimulates the miserable kids	singular	plural	plural	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that greets the little aunts avoids the joyful men	singular	plural	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that greets the tiny girls encourages the big women	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large athlete that greets the sad kids approves the ecstatic lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athlete that greets the tiny teachers remembers the miserable girls	singular	plural	plural	greet	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small athlete that knows the sad carpenters observes the ecstatic lawyers	singular	plural	plural	know	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athlete that observes the large victims greets the ecstatic doctors	singular	plural	plural	observe	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athlete that remembers the tiny doctors stimulates the joyful friends	singular	plural	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that stimulates the large lawyers observes the huge fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young athlete that stimulates the little mothers observes the huge girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that stimulates the tiny teachers understands the large doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little athlete that stimulates the tiny uncles remembers the ecstatic farmers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small athlete that stimulates the huge victims understands the little poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large athlete that understands the old aunts inspires the tiny doctors	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that understands the old aunts knows the young women	singular	plural	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athlete that understands the large doctors observes the big fathers	singular	plural	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big athlete that understands the miserable farmers engages the sad doctors	singular	plural	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old athlete that understands the big poets admires the joyful girls	singular	plural	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small athlete that understands the ecstatic poets stimulates the tiny teachers	singular	plural	plural	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athlete that understands the big women discourages the young fathers	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunt that admires the ecstatic poets stimulates the little guys	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that admires the old uncles approves the miserable poets	singular	plural	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that avoids the sad carpenters inspires the huge guys	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that avoids the joyful doctors inspires the large women	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that avoids the joyful fathers inspires the tiny mothers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that avoids the sad mothers understands the tiny athletes	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that avoids the young teachers observes the sad athletes	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that confuses the joyful farmers observes the tiny athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that confuses the old girls understands the little athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunt that confuses the small mothers discourages the sad girls	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunt that confuses the large singers greets the miserable doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunt that criticizes the happy boys understands the young kids	singular	plural	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that criticizes the happy doctors stimulates the huge fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that discourages the young doctors remembers the little boys	singular	plural	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunt that discourages the old teachers remembers the miserable athletes	singular	plural	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunt that discourages the sad uncles criticizes the small girls	singular	plural	plural	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that encourages the huge farmers greets the large girls	singular	plural	plural	encourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that engages the young athletes stimulates the huge kids	singular	plural	plural	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that engages the small carpenters criticizes the large men	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that engages the tiny carpenters understands the big doctors	singular	plural	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that engages the large friends inspires the ecstatic guys	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that engages the young lawyers encourages the small girls	singular	plural	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that greets the happy athletes observes the huge girls	singular	plural	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that greets the miserable athletes understands the happy girls	singular	plural	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that greets the tiny fathers inspires the big friends	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunt that greets the little men encourages the big guys	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunt that greets the happy uncles criticizes the tiny singers	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that inspires the sad farmers knows the happy uncles	singular	plural	plural	inspire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that inspires the large guys stimulates the young poets	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that inspires the big mothers remembers the joyful uncles	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that inspires the large teachers encourages the huge poets	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunt that inspires the little teachers remembers the young singers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that inspires the small women avoids the miserable lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunt that inspires the sad women encourages the old men	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that knows the big doctors encourages the old singers	singular	plural	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that knows the joyful friends criticizes the old girls	singular	plural	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunt that knows the ecstatic girls encourages the sad fathers	singular	plural	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunt that knows the little lawyers engages the big girls	singular	plural	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that knows the ecstatic mothers encourages the happy women	singular	plural	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunt that knows the little uncles admires the happy poets	singular	plural	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that observes the joyful teachers confuses the old women	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that observes the tiny victims criticizes the old fathers	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunt that remembers the small athletes observes the large guys	singular	plural	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunt that remembers the huge guys approves the sad fathers	singular	plural	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that stimulates the huge kids greets the young farmers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunt that stimulates the small men engages the joyful boys	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunt that stimulates the young women understands the happy teachers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunt that understands the ecstatic doctors discourages the joyful fathers	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunt that understands the miserable girls approves the joyful boys	singular	plural	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that understands the young lawyers discourages the tiny farmers	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunt that understands the old men engages the young uncles	singular	plural	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boy that admires the tiny carpenters greets the large farmers	singular	plural	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young boy that admires the happy farmers confuses the large fathers	singular	plural	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boy that admires the ecstatic girls remembers the big victims	singular	plural	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young boy that admires the small teachers confuses the huge men	singular	plural	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that admires the young victims inspires the large guys	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that approves the sad guys remembers the little fathers	singular	plural	plural	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that approves the joyful lawyers admires the big athletes	singular	plural	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that avoids the old athletes greets the miserable guys	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boy that avoids the big carpenters knows the ecstatic men	singular	plural	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The little boy that avoids the sad victims confuses the ecstatic teachers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boy that confuses the small friends discourages the happy guys	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young boy that confuses the large kids understands the old victims	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little boy that confuses the huge mothers remembers the joyful friends	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that confuses the small uncles avoids the joyful guys	singular	plural	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little boy that criticizes the large fathers stimulates the happy uncles	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young boy that criticizes the large friends discourages the old teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that criticizes the ecstatic teachers understands the little doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boy that criticizes the little women stimulates the ecstatic men	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that discourages the sad doctors admires the tiny uncles	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boy that encourages the small aunts remembers the young lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that encourages the ecstatic friends stimulates the old doctors	singular	plural	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boy that engages the happy aunts observes the little teachers	singular	plural	plural	engage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that engages the huge farmers criticizes the sad doctors	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that engages the ecstatic girls understands the sad farmers	singular	plural	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that engages the ecstatic guys greets the miserable mothers	singular	plural	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old boy that greets the huge friends observes the big farmers	singular	plural	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that greets the big poets confuses the miserable mothers	singular	plural	plural	greet	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boy that greets the tiny women understands the small friends	singular	plural	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young boy that inspires the miserable friends encourages the big poets	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that inspires the young guys admires the joyful friends	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boy that inspires the large teachers admires the huge kids	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boy that inspires the happy uncles knows the old girls	singular	plural	plural	inspire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that knows the happy lawyers inspires the ecstatic victims	singular	plural	plural	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that knows the huge teachers remembers the ecstatic doctors	singular	plural	plural	know	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The big boy that observes the little farmers inspires the sad girls	singular	plural	plural	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boy that remembers the small lawyers discourages the miserable victims	singular	plural	plural	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that stimulates the young fathers remembers the old teachers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old boy that stimulates the joyful guys understands the large carpenters	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boy that stimulates the tiny victims admires the big carpenters	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small boy that stimulates the miserable victims greets the large teachers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old boy that understands the miserable lawyers inspires the young farmers	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boy that understands the ecstatic men confuses the large lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large boy that understands the huge poets remembers the big uncles	singular	plural	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that admires the happy aunts inspires the miserable teachers	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that admires the joyful aunts understands the miserable farmers	singular	plural	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that admires the joyful doctors knows the huge mothers	singular	plural	plural	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that admires the sad friends avoids the happy girls	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that approves the large fathers remembers the old women	singular	plural	plural	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that approves the sad men stimulates the happy kids	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that approves the miserable poets criticizes the sad mothers	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that approves the miserable teachers encourages the tiny aunts	singular	plural	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that approves the large victims encourages the sad teachers	singular	plural	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that confuses the young athletes remembers the big poets	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenter that confuses the big friends discourages the huge singers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that confuses the sad singers greets the large doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that criticizes the young boys approves the happy kids	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that criticizes the old guys knows the happy singers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that criticizes the big kids engages the small doctors	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that criticizes the small poets engages the old guys	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that criticizes the sad women greets the young farmers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that discourages the little friends stimulates the sad teachers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that discourages the sad guys knows the miserable singers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that encourages the happy doctors knows the joyful boys	singular	plural	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that encourages the happy kids understands the large athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that encourages the ecstatic poets engages the tiny uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that encourages the ecstatic teachers remembers the big aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that engages the big farmers discourages the little teachers	singular	plural	plural	engage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenter that engages the sad men admires the little mothers	singular	plural	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that engages the joyful mothers avoids the miserable lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that engages the small poets knows the huge teachers	singular	plural	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenter that engages the ecstatic poets understands the huge friends	singular	plural	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that engages the big teachers inspires the ecstatic women	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that greets the huge friends remembers the tiny farmers	singular	plural	plural	greet	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenter that greets the big lawyers criticizes the little poets	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that greets the old victims inspires the small fathers	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that inspires the happy guys discourages the large men	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that knows the ecstatic boys confuses the little athletes	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenter that knows the tiny doctors confuses the miserable friends	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that knows the joyful lawyers encourages the little men	singular	plural	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that knows the ecstatic women confuses the sad boys	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenter that remembers the small lawyers engages the sad singers	singular	plural	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenter that remembers the young uncles engages the little mothers	singular	plural	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenter that stimulates the tiny aunts encourages the large men	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that stimulates the joyful doctors criticizes the large uncles	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenter that stimulates the little lawyers knows the old aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenter that stimulates the ecstatic men observes the happy fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that stimulates the big mothers admires the young victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenter that stimulates the young teachers discourages the big doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenter that understands the happy uncles engages the ecstatic victims	singular	plural	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctor that admires the big boys knows the large teachers	singular	plural	plural	admire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that admires the small fathers understands the ecstatic guys	singular	plural	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that admires the young women discourages the huge fathers	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctor that admires the huge women understands the miserable boys	singular	plural	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that approves the miserable mothers avoids the old teachers	singular	plural	plural	approve	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that confuses the joyful mothers greets the sad girls	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that confuses the miserable teachers approves the old guys	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that criticizes the miserable athletes observes the ecstatic kids	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that criticizes the joyful fathers discourages the happy boys	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that criticizes the ecstatic fathers discourages the small mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that discourages the little girls understands the large lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that discourages the huge lawyers confuses the ecstatic athletes	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that discourages the ecstatic lawyers encourages the tiny boys	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctor that discourages the little teachers confuses the old men	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that discourages the small uncles engages the tiny poets	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that encourages the huge boys approves the joyful guys	singular	plural	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctor that encourages the large boys knows the happy uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that encourages the large guys confuses the small lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctor that engages the happy boys encourages the tiny women	singular	plural	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that engages the happy girls remembers the small uncles	singular	plural	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that greets the huge farmers remembers the large victims	singular	plural	plural	greet	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that greets the sad guys encourages the joyful victims	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that greets the tiny guys knows the young lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that greets the miserable poets confuses the huge fathers	singular	plural	plural	greet	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctor that greets the large uncles inspires the tiny aunts	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that inspires the joyful carpenters approves the old guys	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that inspires the small friends criticizes the young guys	singular	plural	plural	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctor that knows the sad girls avoids the big kids	singular	plural	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctor that knows the joyful kids encourages the small women	singular	plural	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctor that knows the happy mothers inspires the miserable fathers	singular	plural	plural	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctor that knows the big uncles approves the happy men	singular	plural	plural	know	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that observes the huge guys avoids the big kids	singular	plural	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that observes the joyful men inspires the sad athletes	singular	plural	plural	observe	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that observes the tiny poets stimulates the small athletes	singular	plural	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that remembers the tiny aunts observes the miserable farmers	singular	plural	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctor that remembers the sad friends admires the little poets	singular	plural	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctor that remembers the happy guys stimulates the tiny mothers	singular	plural	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctor that stimulates the miserable fathers criticizes the big kids	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctor that stimulates the small guys knows the ecstatic teachers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctor that understands the tiny fathers engages the old girls	singular	plural	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctor that understands the sad kids engages the ecstatic poets	singular	plural	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmer that admires the little aunts avoids the ecstatic teachers	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmer that admires the huge friends confuses the young victims	singular	plural	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that approves the tiny women observes the huge carpenters	singular	plural	plural	approve	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that avoids the big girls encourages the little women	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmer that avoids the old lawyers encourages the big carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that avoids the large singers greets the miserable mothers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that confuses the young athletes remembers the sad poets	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that confuses the ecstatic carpenters criticizes the big poets	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that confuses the joyful victims approves the miserable girls	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmer that confuses the huge victims engages the tiny girls	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmer that criticizes the happy poets avoids the tiny women	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that criticizes the small poets greets the big friends	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that criticizes the big poets stimulates the little friends	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that criticizes the large singers stimulates the big girls	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that criticizes the ecstatic uncles understands the young athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that discourages the ecstatic lawyers stimulates the large victims	singular	plural	plural	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that discourages the little poets confuses the small uncles	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that discourages the huge uncles admires the old doctors	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmer that encourages the young aunts observes the ecstatic poets	singular	plural	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmer that encourages the small girls inspires the happy kids	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmer that encourages the huge victims confuses the miserable friends	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmer that engages the old athletes avoids the joyful aunts	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that engages the big doctors encourages the ecstatic fathers	singular	plural	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that engages the sad guys remembers the big friends	singular	plural	plural	engage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that engages the large mothers encourages the miserable women	singular	plural	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmer that engages the large singers admires the ecstatic kids	singular	plural	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmer that greets the sad athletes knows the big kids	singular	plural	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that greets the sad aunts knows the young women	singular	plural	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that greets the ecstatic teachers inspires the large kids	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that greets the little uncles observes the miserable men	singular	plural	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmer that greets the big women encourages the sad aunts	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmer that inspires the happy doctors engages the big fathers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmer that inspires the miserable girls greets the joyful teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that inspires the ecstatic teachers observes the big carpenters	singular	plural	plural	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmer that knows the little aunts criticizes the old uncles	singular	plural	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmer that knows the miserable boys criticizes the tiny guys	singular	plural	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmer that knows the tiny lawyers remembers the happy men	singular	plural	plural	know	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmer that knows the small teachers avoids the little mothers	singular	plural	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmer that observes the old aunts encourages the little kids	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that remembers the sad carpenters knows the ecstatic friends	singular	plural	plural	remember	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmer that remembers the big doctors avoids the ecstatic uncles	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmer that remembers the joyful lawyers approves the small victims	singular	plural	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmer that remembers the tiny uncles understands the young women	singular	plural	plural	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that stimulates the ecstatic boys remembers the big singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmer that understands the huge aunts observes the small lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmer that understands the sad fathers criticizes the large men	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmer that understands the small victims criticizes the tiny girls	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that admires the large aunts confuses the ecstatic singers	singular	plural	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small father that admires the little poets approves the tiny carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that approves the small athletes encourages the huge kids	singular	plural	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that approves the young boys greets the tiny doctors	singular	plural	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful father that approves the young girls avoids the small women	singular	plural	plural	approve	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge father that approves the small lawyers engages the old doctors	singular	plural	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful father that confuses the large athletes engages the sad boys	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that confuses the small poets understands the little farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large father that confuses the miserable singers admires the little poets	singular	plural	plural	confuse	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that confuses the miserable uncles inspires the little victims	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge father that criticizes the ecstatic aunts observes the miserable women	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad father that criticizes the tiny boys observes the young girls	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge father that criticizes the young girls engages the happy guys	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that criticizes the small kids engages the young aunts	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful father that criticizes the ecstatic singers admires the little victims	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that criticizes the tiny uncles inspires the miserable friends	singular	plural	plural	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that discourages the miserable boys greets the huge athletes	singular	plural	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large father that discourages the ecstatic girls confuses the young uncles	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small father that discourages the big teachers understands the little poets	singular	plural	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that encourages the huge carpenters understands the little lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that engages the big aunts approves the miserable boys	singular	plural	plural	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge father that engages the large friends confuses the sad men	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge father that engages the young friends confuses the old women	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that greets the happy carpenters encourages the tiny teachers	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that greets the large guys approves the ecstatic teachers	singular	plural	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that inspires the small aunts encourages the large kids	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small father that inspires the large farmers observes the huge doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic father that inspires the sad friends encourages the big guys	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that inspires the miserable girls knows the little boys	singular	plural	plural	inspire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that inspires the large kids encourages the tiny friends	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that knows the large friends engages the joyful girls	singular	plural	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big father that knows the happy kids confuses the joyful doctors	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge father that knows the young poets encourages the little friends	singular	plural	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that observes the happy teachers approves the big girls	singular	plural	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that remembers the big guys engages the little singers	singular	plural	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old father that remembers the huge men knows the tiny guys	singular	plural	plural	remember	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large father that remembers the happy mothers approves the ecstatic poets	singular	plural	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big father that remembers the young mothers criticizes the tiny girls	singular	plural	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that remembers the old singers criticizes the small farmers	singular	plural	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large father that remembers the young victims stimulates the happy girls	singular	plural	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable father that stimulates the big athletes observes the sad friends	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful father that stimulates the tiny doctors greets the miserable carpenters	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge father that stimulates the small girls engages the tiny doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy father that stimulates the joyful victims observes the big poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young father that stimulates the miserable women avoids the old girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that stimulates the huge women avoids the tiny singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small father that understands the large guys admires the miserable lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad father that understands the ecstatic poets admires the miserable friends	singular	plural	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little father that understands the small poets observes the huge carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that admires the huge athletes avoids the small singers	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friend that admires the large boys stimulates the old mothers	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little friend that admires the joyful singers greets the small athletes	singular	plural	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that admires the tiny victims discourages the large kids	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that approves the old aunts engages the miserable women	singular	plural	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friend that approves the ecstatic aunts greets the miserable men	singular	plural	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little friend that approves the small farmers avoids the large lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approve	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that approves the small guys discourages the young victims	singular	plural	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friend that approves the little lawyers greets the old carpenters	singular	plural	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large friend that approves the old poets inspires the young fathers	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that approves the sad uncles inspires the happy carpenters	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that avoids the happy boys remembers the young aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The large friend that avoids the sad girls engages the small guys	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friend that avoids the ecstatic girls knows the little carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that avoids the tiny men remembers the sad victims	singular	plural	plural	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that confuses the ecstatic athletes inspires the old boys	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young friend that confuses the large farmers inspires the small teachers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friend that confuses the joyful singers admires the large guys	singular	plural	plural	confuse	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that criticizes the miserable athletes stimulates the little singers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old friend that criticizes the ecstatic boys approves the small poets	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that criticizes the little carpenters approves the sad mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friend that criticizes the big carpenters avoids the happy victims	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The young friend that criticizes the small carpenters stimulates the tiny mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young friend that criticizes the small singers inspires the little guys	singular	plural	plural	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that discourages the happy carpenters encourages the small kids	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that discourages the tiny mothers greets the sad aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that discourages the ecstatic singers understands the big farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that encourages the huge fathers avoids the small teachers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that encourages the ecstatic fathers remembers the joyful carpenters	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small friend that encourages the joyful mothers stimulates the tiny victims	singular	plural	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that encourages the ecstatic poets inspires the sad doctors	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small friend that encourages the tiny teachers stimulates the big guys	singular	plural	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friend that engages the joyful fathers confuses the ecstatic teachers	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small friend that greets the miserable women criticizes the old mothers	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that inspires the joyful doctors greets the little women	singular	plural	plural	inspire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friend that inspires the little farmers admires the small mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that inspires the tiny farmers remembers the young aunts	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that inspires the old lawyers confuses the young teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big friend that inspires the small teachers knows the joyful men	singular	plural	plural	inspire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young friend that knows the miserable guys remembers the big aunts	singular	plural	plural	know	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small friend that knows the large singers stimulates the young lawyers	singular	plural	plural	know	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friend that observes the sad doctors stimulates the ecstatic women	singular	plural	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that observes the big lawyers engages the joyful athletes	singular	plural	plural	observe	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old friend that observes the happy lawyers remembers the little men	singular	plural	plural	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The little friend that remembers the miserable men discourages the joyful poets	singular	plural	plural	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small friend that remembers the huge women discourages the sad boys	singular	plural	plural	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large friend that stimulates the joyful fathers remembers the tiny farmers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friend that stimulates the huge teachers encourages the young kids	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friend that understands the ecstatic kids discourages the happy girls	singular	plural	plural	understand	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young friend that understands the ecstatic lawyers engages the large poets	singular	plural	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small friend that understands the sad mothers knows the ecstatic kids	singular	plural	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that admires the old fathers criticizes the happy doctors	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that admires the huge poets observes the young lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girl that approves the sad aunts stimulates the little guys	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little girl that approves the happy singers criticizes the old teachers	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girl that approves the joyful women remembers the young teachers	singular	plural	plural	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The young girl that avoids the tiny doctors engages the ecstatic kids	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girl that avoids the joyful guys remembers the small teachers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that avoids the young mothers observes the small friends	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girl that confuses the happy athletes approves the little poets	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girl that confuses the huge boys engages the miserable mothers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that confuses the huge doctors greets the young teachers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that criticizes the tiny carpenters discourages the big victims	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that criticizes the joyful men approves the ecstatic lawyers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that criticizes the big poets admires the tiny carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big girl that discourages the large farmers understands the young aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that discourages the young lawyers greets the ecstatic mothers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little girl that discourages the happy lawyers remembers the tiny farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that discourages the ecstatic men approves the joyful lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that discourages the little singers approves the sad lawyers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girl that encourages the miserable athletes engages the large aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that encourages the little aunts admires the ecstatic athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big girl that encourages the sad carpenters engages the miserable women	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that encourages the tiny doctors criticizes the huge singers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girl that encourages the large poets approves the big teachers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that encourages the happy teachers avoids the big kids	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that engages the miserable men understands the large carpenters	singular	plural	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that greets the tiny fathers avoids the small singers	singular	plural	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that greets the happy fathers discourages the large teachers	singular	plural	plural	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little girl that greets the sad friends discourages the joyful farmers	singular	plural	plural	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that greets the big lawyers admires the joyful friends	singular	plural	plural	greet	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that greets the old poets inspires the tiny mothers	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that greets the ecstatic poets observes the miserable fathers	singular	plural	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girl that inspires the happy boys stimulates the big fathers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that inspires the huge guys confuses the young aunts	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that inspires the tiny victims stimulates the big doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that knows the ecstatic fathers understands the small guys	singular	plural	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that observes the big aunts remembers the happy friends	singular	plural	plural	observe	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that observes the sad doctors approves the huge victims	singular	plural	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that remembers the miserable carpenters encourages the big aunts	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little girl that remembers the huge farmers criticizes the joyful teachers	singular	plural	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girl that remembers the old farmers encourages the small singers	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girl that remembers the small fathers inspires the ecstatic uncles	singular	plural	plural	remember	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that remembers the little lawyers approves the joyful uncles	singular	plural	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that remembers the happy victims admires the miserable guys	singular	plural	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girl that remembers the young women observes the joyful teachers	singular	plural	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girl that stimulates the ecstatic lawyers approves the sad athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girl that stimulates the large lawyers engages the sad doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big girl that stimulates the small men approves the tiny singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girl that stimulates the joyful teachers understands the old victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old girl that understands the joyful aunts confuses the little carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large girl that understands the big men inspires the miserable friends	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small girl that understands the huge singers greets the large kids	singular	plural	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guy that admires the joyful teachers discourages the big boys	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that admires the old uncles observes the joyful aunts	singular	plural	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that approves the young farmers confuses the happy poets	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old guy that approves the young girls confuses the sad athletes	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that approves the old lawyers confuses the miserable girls	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guy that approves the little poets stimulates the huge boys	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that approves the old teachers confuses the joyful farmers	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old guy that approves the little uncles greets the miserable men	singular	plural	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that avoids the tiny doctors understands the young friends	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that avoids the miserable girls stimulates the huge victims	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guy that avoids the little teachers confuses the happy aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guy that confuses the happy farmers inspires the large aunts	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young guy that confuses the big teachers remembers the joyful kids	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The small guy that criticizes the young doctors confuses the huge teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old guy that criticizes the joyful farmers discourages the huge carpenters	singular	plural	plural	criticize	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guy that discourages the sad doctors confuses the joyful women	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guy that discourages the miserable singers inspires the old boys	singular	plural	plural	discourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that encourages the young boys admires the big victims	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guy that encourages the little kids inspires the old women	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that encourages the miserable mothers admires the ecstatic men	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that engages the big carpenters criticizes the joyful lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guy that engages the ecstatic farmers inspires the young kids	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that greets the small fathers encourages the happy poets	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that greets the tiny fathers knows the small victims	singular	plural	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big guy that greets the happy lawyers admires the old uncles	singular	plural	plural	greet	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guy that greets the huge poets remembers the sad boys	singular	plural	plural	greet	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old guy that greets the young singers observes the joyful fathers	singular	plural	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guy that greets the ecstatic teachers stimulates the tiny lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that inspires the joyful athletes remembers the small singers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guy that inspires the little doctors knows the tiny women	singular	plural	plural	inspire	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that inspires the happy singers discourages the sad athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guy that inspires the large victims confuses the sad aunts	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big guy that observes the old aunts admires the huge kids	singular	plural	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that observes the happy fathers discourages the big men	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that observes the old friends engages the big girls	singular	plural	plural	observe	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that observes the ecstatic teachers engages the sad lawyers	singular	plural	plural	observe	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The old guy that remembers the sad boys engages the large kids	singular	plural	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guy that remembers the big carpenters approves the huge victims	singular	plural	plural	remember	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small guy that remembers the sad singers engages the big uncles	singular	plural	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guy that remembers the happy teachers inspires the sad lawyers	singular	plural	plural	remember	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guy that stimulates the small mothers inspires the miserable doctors	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that stimulates the old poets avoids the miserable farmers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The little guy that stimulates the sad poets greets the happy victims	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guy that understands the large friends admires the ecstatic poets	singular	plural	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big guy that understands the little girls criticizes the ecstatic poets	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that admires the happy carpenters observes the small teachers	singular	plural	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that admires the tiny fathers remembers the joyful teachers	singular	plural	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kid that admires the sad friends confuses the miserable carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that admires the ecstatic lawyers remembers the big farmers	singular	plural	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kid that admires the little uncles encourages the large poets	singular	plural	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that approves the happy aunts remembers the ecstatic boys	singular	plural	plural	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that approves the miserable farmers confuses the little men	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that approves the happy friends confuses the small men	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kid that approves the old lawyers understands the tiny fathers	singular	plural	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that approves the large poets avoids the young carpenters	singular	plural	plural	approve	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kid that approves the big women observes the tiny victims	singular	plural	plural	approve	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little kid that avoids the ecstatic aunts admires the happy doctors	singular	plural	plural	avoid	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small kid that avoids the tiny boys encourages the large friends	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that avoids the ecstatic boys engages the huge friends	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large kid that avoids the tiny doctors engages the small farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small kid that avoids the happy doctors understands the miserable poets	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that avoids the joyful guys understands the small friends	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that avoids the sad poets remembers the huge aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that criticizes the ecstatic farmers approves the small poets	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large kid that criticizes the tiny farmers knows the big singers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that criticizes the old guys engages the big athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that criticizes the old poets knows the happy fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that criticizes the little women avoids the ecstatic uncles	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that discourages the happy aunts understands the large carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that discourages the large boys criticizes the big victims	singular	plural	plural	discourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that discourages the little mothers observes the happy athletes	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that discourages the sad uncles engages the big girls	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kid that encourages the ecstatic aunts approves the miserable uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The little kid that encourages the young carpenters stimulates the old poets	singular	plural	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that encourages the large friends approves the happy uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that encourages the miserable mothers discourages the tiny singers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small kid that encourages the miserable mothers inspires the large carpenters	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kid that encourages the sad uncles engages the big mothers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The little kid that engages the happy athletes confuses the large aunts	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that engages the sad guys confuses the tiny athletes	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that engages the joyful lawyers approves the big poets	singular	plural	plural	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kid that engages the big men knows the small boys	singular	plural	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that engages the small women knows the old doctors	singular	plural	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big kid that greets the joyful aunts encourages the little carpenters	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that greets the happy farmers observes the large carpenters	singular	plural	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kid that greets the huge singers understands the big guys	singular	plural	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kid that inspires the sad fathers stimulates the big doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that inspires the huge girls approves the sad carpenters	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kid that inspires the large men stimulates the big mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kid that knows the young girls approves the huge farmers	singular	plural	plural	know	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kid that observes the tiny farmers encourages the old aunts	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kid that observes the big fathers approves the sad carpenters	singular	plural	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young kid that remembers the joyful aunts avoids the huge men	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large kid that remembers the little mothers stimulates the big carpenters	singular	plural	plural	remember	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old kid that stimulates the tiny athletes confuses the small girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large kid that stimulates the little friends discourages the miserable fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small kid that understands the big athletes observes the old friends	singular	plural	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large kid that understands the happy carpenters avoids the little athletes	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that admires the little mothers remembers the young poets	singular	plural	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that admires the large singers approves the huge kids	singular	plural	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that approves the ecstatic fathers inspires the happy guys	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that approves the sad mothers admires the tiny poets	singular	plural	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that approves the huge women remembers the ecstatic boys	singular	plural	plural	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that avoids the big poets stimulates the joyful fathers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that avoids the happy teachers approves the big friends	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that avoids the joyful women greets the little guys	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that confuses the big athletes stimulates the small carpenters	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that confuses the little mothers discourages the tiny guys	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that confuses the happy poets knows the young athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that confuses the old teachers inspires the ecstatic athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that confuses the old uncles approves the little carpenters	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that criticizes the huge aunts observes the happy girls	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that criticizes the little singers admires the big men	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that criticizes the huge women avoids the large guys	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that discourages the young boys stimulates the miserable friends	singular	plural	plural	discourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that discourages the old girls knows the happy boys	singular	plural	plural	discourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that discourages the small guys admires the big singers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that discourages the big kids approves the young mothers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that encourages the large athletes remembers the joyful doctors	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that encourages the large fathers approves the ecstatic aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that encourages the miserable friends observes the huge kids	singular	plural	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that engages the ecstatic girls greets the happy aunts	singular	plural	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that engages the sad girls knows the miserable teachers	singular	plural	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that engages the young mothers confuses the large friends	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that greets the joyful girls confuses the old friends	singular	plural	plural	greet	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that greets the happy guys encourages the tiny carpenters	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that greets the sad mothers knows the old teachers	singular	plural	plural	greet	know
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that inspires the little boys criticizes the miserable farmers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that inspires the happy teachers stimulates the tiny doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyer that inspires the miserable uncles criticizes the little boys	singular	plural	plural	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyer that knows the sad aunts confuses the small men	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that knows the sad aunts stimulates the ecstatic friends	singular	plural	plural	know	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyer that knows the miserable mothers admires the small carpenters	singular	plural	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that observes the large kids criticizes the small victims	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyer that remembers the miserable carpenters avoids the little fathers	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that remembers the happy doctors observes the miserable guys	singular	plural	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that remembers the tiny guys criticizes the joyful kids	singular	plural	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyer that remembers the tiny teachers understands the huge doctors	singular	plural	plural	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyer that stimulates the tiny doctors remembers the small athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that stimulates the little singers approves the miserable mothers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyer that stimulates the tiny singers avoids the happy women	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyer that understands the young aunts inspires the big victims	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyer that understands the sad boys greets the large mothers	singular	plural	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyer that understands the little doctors greets the sad poets	singular	plural	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyer that understands the tiny farmers criticizes the huge carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyer that understands the huge women knows the ecstatic doctors	singular	plural	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large man that admires the big carpenters discourages the young boys	singular	plural	plural	admire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old man that admires the tiny carpenters understands the miserable farmers	singular	plural	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The small man that admires the ecstatic friends understands the huge boys	singular	plural	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy man that admires the miserable teachers observes the big singers	singular	plural	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little man that admires the old uncles encourages the large lawyers	singular	plural	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that admires the small victims understands the little boys	singular	plural	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that approves the ecstatic farmers greets the sad athletes	singular	plural	plural	approve	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that approves the miserable teachers inspires the happy women	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful man that avoids the big victims understands the little teachers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large man that confuses the ecstatic girls greets the small athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that confuses the old guys engages the big boys	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic man that confuses the miserable poets understands the happy singers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that confuses the small singers remembers the young women	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The little man that criticizes the old carpenters greets the joyful poets	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The happy man that criticizes the huge teachers inspires the big boys	singular	plural	plural	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that discourages the huge carpenters observes the ecstatic poets	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large man that discourages the old uncles approves the joyful doctors	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that encourages the young doctors discourages the joyful mothers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that encourages the young guys observes the big poets	singular	plural	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old man that encourages the huge victims avoids the miserable fathers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful man that engages the little boys understands the ecstatic fathers	singular	plural	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that engages the little farmers avoids the miserable uncles	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small man that engages the miserable fathers approves the big doctors	singular	plural	plural	engage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful man that engages the big fathers stimulates the large poets	singular	plural	plural	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that engages the happy guys stimulates the joyful farmers	singular	plural	plural	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful man that engages the sad victims observes the young lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The happy man that greets the little poets admires the joyful athletes	singular	plural	plural	greet	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that greets the young women admires the old kids	singular	plural	plural	greet	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that inspires the happy farmers criticizes the sad doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that inspires the small fathers observes the huge aunts	singular	plural	plural	inspire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that inspires the young mothers engages the ecstatic victims	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that inspires the tiny mothers understands the joyful guys	singular	plural	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that knows the young lawyers engages the happy girls	singular	plural	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big man that knows the large mothers criticizes the happy poets	singular	plural	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny man that knows the sad poets engages the joyful mothers	singular	plural	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that observes the small athletes approves the joyful friends	singular	plural	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful man that observes the ecstatic doctors encourages the happy lawyers	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that observes the huge girls encourages the happy friends	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old man that observes the big kids stimulates the huge boys	singular	plural	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little man that remembers the large fathers avoids the huge kids	singular	plural	plural	remember	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge man that remembers the young girls understands the joyful singers	singular	plural	plural	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that remembers the joyful guys inspires the ecstatic girls	singular	plural	plural	remember	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small man that remembers the sad kids engages the young athletes	singular	plural	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge man that stimulates the young girls remembers the tiny kids	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that stimulates the large guys criticizes the small fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge man that stimulates the big poets inspires the sad kids	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that understands the joyful athletes admires the miserable victims	singular	plural	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The young man that understands the tiny athletes observes the miserable aunts	singular	plural	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful man that understands the old singers greets the young friends	singular	plural	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad man that understands the old uncles remembers the young athletes	singular	plural	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable man that understands the sad women confuses the old boys	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young mother that admires the big aunts inspires the joyful girls	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mother that admires the joyful friends greets the big boys	singular	plural	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that approves the miserable carpenters understands the small uncles	singular	plural	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that approves the big doctors engages the young athletes	singular	plural	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that approves the miserable girls understands the little singers	singular	plural	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that approves the tiny kids observes the ecstatic doctors	singular	plural	plural	approve	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that approves the ecstatic singers stimulates the huge teachers	singular	plural	plural	approve	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that approves the miserable women criticizes the huge teachers	singular	plural	plural	approve	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old mother that avoids the big farmers discourages the happy lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that avoids the tiny farmers greets the large kids	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small mother that avoids the joyful fathers inspires the huge poets	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that avoids the sad women inspires the huge girls	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that confuses the young uncles avoids the joyful poets	singular	plural	plural	confuse	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that confuses the big victims inspires the old carpenters	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that confuses the young victims stimulates the little girls	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that criticizes the tiny boys approves the young friends	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that criticizes the sad fathers remembers the small friends	singular	plural	plural	criticize	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that discourages the happy aunts engages the young farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that discourages the tiny fathers engages the small men	singular	plural	plural	discourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that discourages the ecstatic kids encourages the huge friends	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that encourages the huge athletes criticizes the young farmers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The large mother that encourages the tiny kids greets the sad athletes	singular	plural	plural	encourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small mother that encourages the little victims confuses the miserable singers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that engages the joyful kids greets the small lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mother that engages the small poets greets the tiny teachers	singular	plural	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mother that greets the little boys understands the sad athletes	singular	plural	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that greets the small girls inspires the large poets	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that greets the young kids criticizes the miserable girls	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that greets the ecstatic kids discourages the tiny victims	singular	plural	plural	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that greets the joyful singers observes the miserable women	singular	plural	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The small mother that greets the tiny teachers observes the ecstatic guys	singular	plural	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that inspires the young athletes discourages the happy victims	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that inspires the tiny doctors criticizes the huge aunts	singular	plural	plural	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that inspires the ecstatic lawyers discourages the old victims	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that inspires the ecstatic lawyers discourages the sad women	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that inspires the joyful teachers avoids the tiny guys	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that knows the sad friends confuses the joyful fathers	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young mother that observes the joyful kids discourages the large farmers	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that observes the ecstatic kids knows the happy friends	singular	plural	plural	observe	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big mother that observes the miserable men criticizes the joyful farmers	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that observes the small teachers confuses the large doctors	singular	plural	plural	observe	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that observes the tiny teachers criticizes the sad singers	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old mother that observes the little victims avoids the tiny lawyers	singular	plural	plural	observe	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that remembers the ecstatic athletes confuses the big uncles	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mother that stimulates the ecstatic boys approves the tiny lawyers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old mother that stimulates the miserable farmers approves the little lawyers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The large mother that stimulates the little kids knows the sad carpenters	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The little mother that understands the joyful boys admires the small teachers	singular	plural	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mother that understands the big boys observes the large athletes	singular	plural	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mother that understands the large boys observes the joyful kids	singular	plural	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young mother that understands the sad lawyers criticizes the old aunts	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The old mother that understands the ecstatic men confuses the young poets	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young mother that understands the sad singers stimulates the small kids	singular	plural	plural	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The young mother that understands the happy teachers criticizes the small guys	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mother that understands the old uncles remembers the huge kids	singular	plural	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mother that understands the little women avoids the small fathers	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small mother that understands the young women greets the tiny carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old poet that admires the joyful athletes understands the miserable men	singular	plural	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poet that admires the old aunts inspires the miserable farmers	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that admires the ecstatic boys criticizes the old guys	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big poet that approves the small athletes observes the miserable farmers	singular	plural	plural	approve	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poet that approves the joyful men confuses the happy guys	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little poet that approves the large victims admires the tiny women	singular	plural	plural	approve	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poet that avoids the tiny boys encourages the young kids	singular	plural	plural	avoid	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that avoids the little fathers inspires the joyful farmers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that avoids the huge lawyers understands the sad aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoid	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poet that avoids the tiny men stimulates the huge singers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that avoids the tiny mothers observes the old athletes	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old poet that avoids the ecstatic women knows the young aunts	singular	plural	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that confuses the huge guys criticizes the young kids	singular	plural	plural	confuse	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that confuses the miserable lawyers inspires the large victims	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that criticizes the huge kids knows the small mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that criticizes the young mothers approves the little girls	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that criticizes the miserable victims greets the little athletes	singular	plural	plural	criticize	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that discourages the ecstatic friends confuses the tiny doctors	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that discourages the tiny mothers admires the joyful girls	singular	plural	plural	discourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old poet that discourages the young mothers observes the little fathers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young poet that encourages the little friends admires the old aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that encourages the little lawyers discourages the miserable guys	singular	plural	plural	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that encourages the little lawyers remembers the sad singers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poet that encourages the ecstatic teachers stimulates the little singers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that engages the large aunts inspires the little guys	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poet that engages the sad guys avoids the tiny boys	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that engages the happy guys observes the young victims	singular	plural	plural	engage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The young poet that greets the joyful aunts encourages the sad boys	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big poet that greets the old aunts observes the young teachers	singular	plural	plural	greet	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that greets the sad kids discourages the little mothers	singular	plural	plural	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poet that greets the big mothers understands the large boys	singular	plural	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that greets the happy women discourages the huge farmers	singular	plural	plural	greet	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poet that inspires the little fathers confuses the small lawyers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old poet that inspires the young fathers stimulates the ecstatic kids	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The old poet that inspires the miserable men admires the little kids	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small poet that knows the huge farmers discourages the miserable boys	singular	plural	plural	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young poet that knows the happy lawyers encourages the joyful singers	singular	plural	plural	know	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that observes the ecstatic athletes discourages the big guys	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poet that observes the joyful guys understands the miserable mothers	singular	plural	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that observes the old singers discourages the happy women	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old poet that remembers the sad athletes criticizes the large kids	singular	plural	plural	remember	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that remembers the young fathers confuses the large guys	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poet that remembers the happy guys admires the huge farmers	singular	plural	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The large poet that stimulates the huge athletes admires the miserable farmers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big poet that stimulates the young doctors knows the joyful carpenters	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	know
subjrel_that_adj	The young poet that stimulates the large farmers approves the sad athletes	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that stimulates the joyful farmers remembers the little women	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poet that stimulates the little victims understands the ecstatic lawyers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young poet that understands the large boys observes the old fathers	singular	plural	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poet that understands the miserable carpenters remembers the young guys	singular	plural	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The big poet that understands the ecstatic doctors remembers the young boys	singular	plural	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old poet that understands the tiny farmers criticizes the little fathers	singular	plural	plural	understand	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poet that understands the small farmers stimulates the big women	singular	plural	plural	understand	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that admires the happy athletes confuses the big teachers	singular	plural	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that admires the miserable athletes inspires the large uncles	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that admires the large girls greets the tiny fathers	singular	plural	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that admires the huge teachers confuses the tiny carpenters	singular	plural	plural	admire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that approves the tiny aunts engages the old athletes	singular	plural	plural	approve	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that approves the tiny fathers inspires the joyful lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approve	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that approves the tiny fathers understands the small athletes	singular	plural	plural	approve	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young singer that avoids the big athletes greets the huge victims	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that avoids the small kids inspires the old mothers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that avoids the ecstatic mothers knows the big athletes	singular	plural	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singer that confuses the small boys engages the big carpenters	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that confuses the happy doctors encourages the joyful poets	singular	plural	plural	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singer that confuses the little fathers admires the tiny uncles	singular	plural	plural	confuse	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that confuses the happy girls engages the young kids	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that confuses the young guys stimulates the miserable men	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that confuses the miserable kids inspires the sad teachers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big singer that confuses the happy lawyers remembers the ecstatic farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that confuses the miserable mothers discourages the big women	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small singer that confuses the sad mothers stimulates the young poets	singular	plural	plural	confuse	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small singer that confuses the little poets engages the tiny farmers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that confuses the joyful victims understands the large athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that criticizes the tiny aunts inspires the joyful friends	singular	plural	plural	criticize	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little singer that criticizes the miserable lawyers stimulates the joyful women	singular	plural	plural	criticize	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that criticizes the huge teachers avoids the joyful uncles	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big singer that discourages the sad uncles remembers the little aunts	singular	plural	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that encourages the little carpenters engages the big uncles	singular	plural	plural	encourage	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that encourages the tiny kids observes the happy carpenters	singular	plural	plural	encourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little singer that encourages the huge uncles greets the large boys	singular	plural	plural	encourage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The big singer that encourages the old victims admires the sad lawyers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The little singer that engages the big aunts criticizes the tiny teachers	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singer that engages the miserable carpenters encourages the small lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small singer that engages the sad farmers stimulates the joyful guys	singular	plural	plural	engage	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that engages the miserable friends knows the ecstatic mothers	singular	plural	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singer that engages the miserable girls greets the happy men	singular	plural	plural	engage	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The small singer that greets the happy aunts confuses the little athletes	singular	plural	plural	greet	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that greets the old friends avoids the huge lawyers	singular	plural	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that greets the happy mothers encourages the small boys	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singer that inspires the small doctors approves the huge mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big singer that inspires the ecstatic guys encourages the large doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that knows the young girls inspires the big aunts	singular	plural	plural	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The little singer that knows the happy girls inspires the sad boys	singular	plural	plural	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small singer that observes the ecstatic lawyers understands the old athletes	singular	plural	plural	observe	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that remembers the miserable aunts greets the small boys	singular	plural	plural	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that remembers the huge farmers inspires the large friends	singular	plural	plural	remember	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singer that remembers the ecstatic friends greets the tiny aunts	singular	plural	plural	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young singer that remembers the miserable kids discourages the huge boys	singular	plural	plural	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old singer that remembers the big men observes the little boys	singular	plural	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large singer that remembers the happy poets encourages the small uncles	singular	plural	plural	remember	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big singer that stimulates the sad mothers avoids the small teachers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singer that stimulates the large victims engages the small men	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that understands the young mothers knows the old victims	singular	plural	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that understands the old poets engages the sad farmers	singular	plural	plural	understand	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singer that understands the large poets greets the little victims	singular	plural	plural	understand	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young singer that understands the joyful uncles observes the sad girls	singular	plural	plural	understand	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singer that understands the young uncles remembers the big guys	singular	plural	plural	understand	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that admires the little poets criticizes the large friends	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that admires the joyful poets encourages the ecstatic women	singular	plural	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that approves the huge aunts discourages the small friends	singular	plural	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that approves the large victims discourages the huge aunts	singular	plural	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that approves the tiny women avoids the large lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approve	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that avoids the little farmers engages the ecstatic carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that avoids the joyful friends criticizes the big uncles	singular	plural	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The small teacher that avoids the sad kids observes the tiny singers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that avoids the happy uncles engages the young boys	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big teacher that confuses the joyful friends encourages the miserable singers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that confuses the tiny guys understands the old boys	singular	plural	plural	confuse	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that criticizes the happy friends observes the large guys	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that criticizes the small lawyers avoids the large kids	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big teacher that criticizes the tiny men observes the young mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that criticizes the small poets understands the sad lawyers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that discourages the miserable farmers encourages the happy kids	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that discourages the joyful poets understands the large athletes	singular	plural	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that discourages the old victims confuses the little guys	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that discourages the ecstatic victims understands the large farmers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that discourages the little women encourages the miserable carpenters	singular	plural	plural	discourage	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that encourages the huge doctors criticizes the miserable farmers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that encourages the little guys confuses the old mothers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large teacher that engages the sad aunts confuses the tiny victims	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The old teacher that engages the happy guys admires the joyful aunts	singular	plural	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big teacher that engages the happy lawyers understands the young uncles	singular	plural	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that engages the young poets confuses the happy friends	singular	plural	plural	engage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that greets the tiny farmers approves the large aunts	singular	plural	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that greets the ecstatic guys stimulates the large athletes	singular	plural	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that greets the miserable mothers inspires the small fathers	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that greets the tiny singers admires the miserable girls	singular	plural	plural	greet	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that greets the old uncles understands the large girls	singular	plural	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that inspires the joyful boys stimulates the large athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that inspires the small carpenters admires the joyful guys	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The large teacher that inspires the happy girls engages the ecstatic athletes	singular	plural	plural	inspire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big teacher that inspires the miserable mothers admires the happy doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that inspires the large victims admires the sad mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big teacher that inspires the little victims confuses the huge guys	singular	plural	plural	inspire	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large teacher that knows the huge carpenters admires the old singers	singular	plural	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The small teacher that knows the large carpenters avoids the old poets	singular	plural	plural	know	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teacher that knows the large uncles inspires the tiny fathers	singular	plural	plural	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that knows the tiny women approves the miserable singers	singular	plural	plural	know	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big teacher that knows the joyful women inspires the small friends	singular	plural	plural	know	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that observes the tiny aunts admires the happy athletes	singular	plural	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teacher that observes the happy farmers stimulates the miserable athletes	singular	plural	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teacher that observes the large fathers admires the young guys	singular	plural	plural	observe	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teacher that remembers the huge lawyers greets the joyful women	singular	plural	plural	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that stimulates the large friends criticizes the small girls	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that stimulates the ecstatic guys engages the joyful lawyers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that stimulates the small lawyers encourages the joyful kids	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that stimulates the large mothers understands the small friends	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little teacher that stimulates the ecstatic singers remembers the young poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teacher that understands the large carpenters confuses the small poets	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young teacher that understands the huge friends approves the big poets	singular	plural	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teacher that understands the small kids admires the ecstatic singers	singular	plural	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teacher that understands the tiny kids encourages the big carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small teacher that understands the old lawyers admires the miserable carpenters	singular	plural	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that admires the huge carpenters inspires the sad victims	singular	plural	plural	admire	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that admires the old guys greets the miserable poets	singular	plural	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncle that admires the joyful lawyers observes the ecstatic boys	singular	plural	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that admires the little teachers stimulates the sad guys	singular	plural	plural	admire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that approves the big carpenters knows the sad girls	singular	plural	plural	approve	know
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that approves the little men observes the joyful teachers	singular	plural	plural	approve	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncle that approves the little poets confuses the joyful athletes	singular	plural	plural	approve	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that approves the little women remembers the large guys	singular	plural	plural	approve	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that avoids the little farmers engages the large fathers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that avoids the happy friends approves the ecstatic girls	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that avoids the joyful friends knows the young fathers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	know
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that avoids the large victims remembers the tiny doctors	singular	plural	plural	avoid	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that confuses the huge carpenters encourages the small fathers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that confuses the old guys inspires the miserable victims	singular	plural	plural	confuse	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that confuses the large poets greets the huge aunts	singular	plural	plural	confuse	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncle that confuses the sad women knows the tiny aunts	singular	plural	plural	confuse	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncle that criticizes the joyful athletes confuses the tiny aunts	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that criticizes the ecstatic athletes knows the large poets	singular	plural	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncle that criticizes the joyful carpenters encourages the small friends	singular	plural	plural	criticize	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that criticizes the sad lawyers admires the young boys	singular	plural	plural	criticize	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that criticizes the old women observes the ecstatic fathers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncle that discourages the joyful carpenters avoids the young men	singular	plural	plural	discourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that encourages the big guys admires the miserable friends	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that encourages the old kids avoids the huge teachers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that encourages the happy lawyers understands the large aunts	singular	plural	plural	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that encourages the big men admires the small mothers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that encourages the big poets understands the old victims	singular	plural	plural	encourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that engages the miserable mothers knows the old guys	singular	plural	plural	engage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncle that greets the sad athletes remembers the small kids	singular	plural	plural	greet	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that greets the young carpenters inspires the miserable boys	singular	plural	plural	greet	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that greets the tiny carpenters understands the young women	singular	plural	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncle that greets the tiny teachers engages the sad girls	singular	plural	plural	greet	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that greets the little women understands the sad guys	singular	plural	plural	greet	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that inspires the young boys stimulates the huge teachers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that inspires the large kids remembers the little farmers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that inspires the joyful men criticizes the huge doctors	singular	plural	plural	inspire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that knows the tiny athletes confuses the old aunts	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that knows the ecstatic aunts understands the big teachers	singular	plural	plural	know	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncle that knows the huge carpenters admires the little guys	singular	plural	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncle that knows the big guys confuses the joyful fathers	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncle that knows the small men discourages the sad women	singular	plural	plural	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that knows the tiny mothers confuses the miserable teachers	singular	plural	plural	know	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncle that knows the young victims admires the sad athletes	singular	plural	plural	know	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncle that observes the huge guys stimulates the big carpenters	singular	plural	plural	observe	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that observes the huge kids criticizes the young carpenters	singular	plural	plural	observe	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncle that remembers the little friends greets the miserable victims	singular	plural	plural	remember	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncle that stimulates the ecstatic fathers confuses the large poets	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncle that stimulates the young mothers admires the tiny fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncle that understands the small aunts avoids the ecstatic girls	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncle that understands the little boys knows the young fathers	singular	plural	plural	understand	know
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that understands the tiny fathers admires the small kids	singular	plural	plural	understand	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncle that understands the happy friends confuses the little mothers	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncle that understands the big lawyers confuses the small girls	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncle that understands the miserable mothers encourages the small singers	singular	plural	plural	understand	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big victim that admires the sad aunts understands the joyful athletes	singular	plural	plural	admire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The little victim that admires the big doctors approves the sad poets	singular	plural	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that admires the large doctors engages the big poets	singular	plural	plural	admire	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victim that admires the sad kids greets the little teachers	singular	plural	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that admires the sad men observes the small doctors	singular	plural	plural	admire	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that admires the joyful poets criticizes the miserable aunts	singular	plural	plural	admire	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little victim that admires the large teachers avoids the happy uncles	singular	plural	plural	admire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victim that avoids the large poets approves the ecstatic uncles	singular	plural	plural	avoid	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that avoids the young teachers confuses the joyful uncles	singular	plural	plural	avoid	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that avoids the miserable teachers greets the ecstatic athletes	singular	plural	plural	avoid	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victim that avoids the happy uncles engages the ecstatic lawyers	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large victim that confuses the small boys encourages the little doctors	singular	plural	plural	confuse	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victim that confuses the large farmers approves the young carpenters	singular	plural	plural	confuse	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The old victim that confuses the big women observes the happy fathers	singular	plural	plural	confuse	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The little victim that criticizes the large athletes remembers the old mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victim that criticizes the old carpenters engages the ecstatic teachers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big victim that criticizes the old doctors observes the tiny women	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victim that criticizes the joyful girls avoids the big men	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victim that criticizes the tiny mothers confuses the joyful friends	singular	plural	plural	criticize	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that discourages the old men approves the big guys	singular	plural	plural	discourage	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victim that encourages the small athletes discourages the big poets	singular	plural	plural	encourage	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big victim that encourages the young aunts avoids the huge kids	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The large victim that encourages the sad singers inspires the young guys	singular	plural	plural	encourage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old victim that engages the happy kids criticizes the sad men	singular	plural	plural	engage	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that engages the huge singers avoids the happy lawyers	singular	plural	plural	engage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big victim that greets the sad doctors stimulates the large athletes	singular	plural	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that greets the miserable farmers criticizes the old athletes	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The big victim that greets the huge singers avoids the joyful girls	singular	plural	plural	greet	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The old victim that inspires the sad boys remembers the tiny mothers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The big victim that inspires the little girls avoids the tiny women	singular	plural	plural	inspire	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big victim that inspires the joyful guys understands the sad farmers	singular	plural	plural	inspire	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young victim that inspires the happy kids discourages the old poets	singular	plural	plural	inspire	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that inspires the sad mothers stimulates the little aunts	singular	plural	plural	inspire	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victim that knows the ecstatic lawyers remembers the young friends	singular	plural	plural	know	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victim that observes the tiny men approves the old poets	singular	plural	plural	observe	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victim that observes the large singers knows the tiny women	singular	plural	plural	observe	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that remembers the happy carpenters discourages the small poets	singular	plural	plural	remember	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victim that remembers the big farmers admires the happy boys	singular	plural	plural	remember	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The large victim that remembers the small guys engages the ecstatic singers	singular	plural	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large victim that remembers the huge kids observes the happy fathers	singular	plural	plural	remember	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victim that remembers the sad singers engages the huge doctors	singular	plural	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The large victim that remembers the big teachers engages the miserable doctors	singular	plural	plural	remember	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that stimulates the little boys greets the small aunts	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that stimulates the big girls discourages the old teachers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that stimulates the happy men encourages the miserable singers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old victim that stimulates the young poets inspires the sad mothers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victim that stimulates the ecstatic singers avoids the young lawyers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The small victim that stimulates the ecstatic teachers avoids the joyful mothers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victim that understands the young guys avoids the huge aunts	singular	plural	plural	understand	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victim that understands the large guys confuses the happy lawyers	singular	plural	plural	understand	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The young victim that understands the old uncles inspires the ecstatic kids	singular	plural	plural	understand	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The old woman that admires the miserable athletes greets the young farmers	singular	plural	plural	admire	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The sad woman that admires the little athletes remembers the huge teachers	singular	plural	plural	admire	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old woman that admires the young doctors encourages the big poets	singular	plural	plural	admire	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that admires the miserable poets approves the large guys	singular	plural	plural	admire	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that approves the small carpenters avoids the tiny singers	singular	plural	plural	approve	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that approves the little mothers discourages the joyful lawyers	singular	plural	plural	approve	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that approves the small teachers encourages the sad singers	singular	plural	plural	approve	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge woman that approves the sad teachers knows the small uncles	singular	plural	plural	approve	know
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that avoids the small aunts engages the huge carpenters	singular	plural	plural	avoid	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The huge woman that avoids the joyful singers criticizes the sad friends	singular	plural	plural	avoid	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that confuses the old teachers discourages the big athletes	singular	plural	plural	confuse	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The old woman that criticizes the sad aunts observes the miserable mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that criticizes the old fathers knows the small friends	singular	plural	plural	criticize	know
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that criticizes the little girls understands the large mothers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that criticizes the small guys avoids the joyful girls	singular	plural	plural	criticize	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The huge woman that criticizes the small men approves the little poets	singular	plural	plural	criticize	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that criticizes the happy singers observes the big lawyers	singular	plural	plural	criticize	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that discourages the miserable friends confuses the ecstatic poets	singular	plural	plural	discourage	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The small woman that discourages the joyful girls understands the tiny victims	singular	plural	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad woman that discourages the happy guys understands the ecstatic singers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The sad woman that discourages the huge kids remembers the ecstatic athletes	singular	plural	plural	discourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The old woman that discourages the joyful poets observes the tiny singers	singular	plural	plural	discourage	observe
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that discourages the joyful teachers knows the large kids	singular	plural	plural	discourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic woman that encourages the happy kids avoids the young farmers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	avoid
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable woman that encourages the happy kids knows the tiny poets	singular	plural	plural	encourage	know
subjrel_that_adj	The old woman that encourages the ecstatic lawyers remembers the tiny mothers	singular	plural	plural	encourage	remember
subjrel_that_adj	The happy woman that engages the little aunts inspires the ecstatic friends	singular	plural	plural	engage	inspire
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that engages the miserable guys understands the little victims	singular	plural	plural	engage	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that engages the huge poets admires the sad farmers	singular	plural	plural	engage	admire
subjrel_that_adj	The old woman that greets the little carpenters encourages the large victims	singular	plural	plural	greet	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The large woman that greets the ecstatic mothers stimulates the young kids	singular	plural	plural	greet	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The sad woman that greets the miserable singers approves the young athletes	singular	plural	plural	greet	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The happy woman that greets the huge teachers criticizes the sad carpenters	singular	plural	plural	greet	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that knows the old aunts criticizes the ecstatic guys	singular	plural	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that knows the joyful fathers engages the large girls	singular	plural	plural	know	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The small woman that knows the happy lawyers discourages the miserable fathers	singular	plural	plural	know	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful woman that knows the small men criticizes the huge aunts	singular	plural	plural	know	criticize
subjrel_that_adj	The happy woman that knows the sad singers stimulates the large aunts	singular	plural	plural	know	stimulate
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny woman that observes the huge athletes greets the joyful guys	singular	plural	plural	observe	greet
subjrel_that_adj	The old woman that observes the big carpenters encourages the happy farmers	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that observes the joyful fathers encourages the happy singers	singular	plural	plural	observe	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that observes the little singers discourages the joyful uncles	singular	plural	plural	observe	discourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that remembers the small poets understands the sad aunts	singular	plural	plural	remember	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The young woman that remembers the joyful teachers confuses the happy poets	singular	plural	plural	remember	confuse
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that stimulates the miserable doctors encourages the small fathers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The small woman that stimulates the sad poets encourages the huge mothers	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	encourage
subjrel_that_adj	The little woman that stimulates the tiny singers understands the small friends	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	understand
subjrel_that_adj	The small woman that stimulates the ecstatic teachers engages the little guys	singular	plural	plural	stimulate	engage
subjrel_that_adj	The big woman that understands the large girls approves the huge uncles	singular	plural	plural	understand	approve
subjrel_that_adj	The small athletes that admire the ecstatic lawyer discourage the joyful teacher	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that admire the big uncle stimulate the young teacher	plural	singular	singular	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that approve the big carpenter encourage the tiny man	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that approve the miserable poet observe the happy victim	plural	singular	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that approve the little teacher encourage the small friend	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little athletes that avoid the joyful kid stimulate the big boy	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big athletes that avoid the tiny woman stimulate the ecstatic singer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that confuse the sad girl remember the happy poet	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that confuse the young man stimulate the small kid	plural	singular	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small athletes that confuse the large woman approve the tiny boy	plural	singular	singular	confuses	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that criticize the huge guy avoid the small friend	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small athletes that criticize the little teacher admire the huge girl	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that criticize the old teacher avoid the huge doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that discourage the sad teacher know the tiny woman	plural	singular	singular	discourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big athletes that discourage the huge uncle observe the little father	plural	singular	singular	discourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that discourage the small woman criticize the miserable teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that encourage the large farmer observe the miserable guy	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little athletes that encourage the ecstatic guy inspire the tiny father	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that engage the huge man criticize the old teacher	plural	singular	singular	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The big athletes that engage the young singer greet the tiny woman	plural	singular	singular	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that greet the tiny carpenter stimulate the joyful singer	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The old athletes that greet the joyful father criticize the huge woman	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small athletes that greet the miserable father encourage the large man	plural	singular	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old athletes that greet the big guy observe the joyful carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that greet the little kid remember the young friend	plural	singular	singular	greets	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that greet the miserable mother avoid the big friend	plural	singular	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that inspire the little boy remember the old mother	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that inspire the ecstatic farmer confuse the happy kid	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that inspire the small father approve the sad man	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that inspire the huge friend discourage the young victim	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that inspire the young friend greet the old guy	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little athletes that inspire the large girl observe the joyful lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that inspire the little teacher understand the ecstatic poet	plural	singular	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The big athletes that know the happy lawyer greet the small friend	plural	singular	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that know the big mother observe the huge guy	plural	singular	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that observe the small farmer admire the miserable doctor	plural	singular	singular	observes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that observe the huge guy avoid the large father	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that observe the old kid engage the joyful uncle	plural	singular	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that observe the sad mother engage the old lawyer	plural	singular	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small athletes that observe the miserable poet encourage the joyful boy	plural	singular	singular	observes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little athletes that observe the big poet stimulate the joyful kid	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that remember the joyful aunt greet the miserable friend	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that remember the old boy understand the big carpenter	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that remember the large kid stimulate the sad girl	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The old athletes that remember the little man greet the small mother	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big athletes that stimulate the large farmer admire the tiny kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that stimulate the tiny father criticize the huge friend	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that stimulate the small lawyer greet the sad singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that stimulate the miserable man criticize the tiny mother	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that understand the old teacher confuse the big farmer	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that understand the joyful teacher know the young aunt	plural	singular	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that understand the ecstatic uncle greet the little friend	plural	singular	singular	understands	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that admire the tiny kid stimulate the big farmer	plural	singular	singular	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that admire the little mother criticize the huge farmer	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that admire the big uncle confuse the large man	plural	singular	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunts that approve the sad athlete know the small kid	plural	singular	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that approve the huge athlete remember the sad boy	plural	singular	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that approve the joyful uncle confuse the large poet	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that avoid the large father criticize the ecstatic boy	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunts that avoid the ecstatic guy confuse the sad boy	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that avoid the little singer know the sad carpenter	plural	singular	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunts that avoid the tiny singer know the large lawyer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that confuse the miserable carpenter criticize the young poet	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that criticize the huge farmer stimulate the big friend	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that criticize the sad friend observe the little guy	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that criticize the huge woman understand the sad guy	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that discourage the sad farmer observe the joyful uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that discourage the sad father engage the ecstatic girl	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that discourage the miserable father know the small poet	plural	singular	singular	discourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunts that discourage the big friend understand the joyful uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunts that discourage the big kid engage the tiny victim	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunts that discourage the young mother encourage the old father	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that discourage the old victim stimulate the big singer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that encourage the old doctor inspire the huge poet	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that encourage the big lawyer admire the small friend	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunts that encourage the ecstatic singer discourage the tiny farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that engage the happy athlete confuse the young girl	plural	singular	singular	engages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunts that engage the joyful athlete know the large woman	plural	singular	singular	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunts that engage the small athlete remember the huge mother	plural	singular	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that engage the big girl admire the miserable guy	plural	singular	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunts that greet the ecstatic boy confuse the small uncle	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that greet the big boy engage the old carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that greet the little farmer understand the young friend	plural	singular	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that greet the large guy encourage the small singer	plural	singular	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that inspire the little friend remember the sad mother	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that inspire the big man avoid the little doctor	plural	singular	singular	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunts that know the small boy greet the old girl	plural	singular	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that know the old father discourage the happy doctor	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that know the ecstatic kid approve the sad friend	plural	singular	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that know the sad victim admire the old farmer	plural	singular	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that observe the big athlete discourage the little man	plural	singular	singular	observes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that observe the small athlete greet the joyful kid	plural	singular	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that observe the ecstatic friend admire the joyful doctor	plural	singular	singular	observes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that observe the young girl encourage the miserable carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that remember the large athlete confuse the big kid	plural	singular	singular	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that remember the tiny farmer engage the large father	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that remember the small kid greet the happy teacher	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunts that remember the ecstatic uncle confuse the joyful poet	plural	singular	singular	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunts that remember the little woman encourage the old mother	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunts that stimulate the tiny lawyer understand the small man	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunts that stimulate the sad poet greet the happy woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that understand the miserable athlete know the happy boy	plural	singular	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that understand the joyful singer encourage the huge uncle	plural	singular	singular	understands	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that admire the big friend criticize the small athlete	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that admire the ecstatic guy discourage the miserable lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young boys that admire the miserable kid observe the tiny teacher	plural	singular	singular	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that admire the little mother understand the young farmer	plural	singular	singular	admires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that admire the large poet discourage the old athlete	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that admire the miserable poet observe the old kid	plural	singular	singular	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that approve the tiny athlete inspire the sad lawyer	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boys that approve the sad guy engage the small man	plural	singular	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boys that approve the small kid confuse the old athlete	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that approve the small poet discourage the ecstatic friend	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young boys that avoid the large doctor engage the ecstatic guy	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old boys that avoid the miserable guy criticize the big mother	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boys that avoid the huge lawyer approve the miserable friend	plural	singular	singular	avoids	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that avoid the miserable woman engage the little kid	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that confuse the tiny guy discourage the miserable friend	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that confuse the young man stimulate the ecstatic doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boys that confuse the young woman greet the small kid	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boys that criticize the tiny guy know the miserable man	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The old boys that criticize the large man encourage the tiny friend	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large boys that criticize the young mother stimulate the sad singer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that discourage the big athlete remember the miserable father	plural	singular	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that discourage the miserable aunt encourage the old victim	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old boys that discourage the big aunt stimulate the huge girl	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The old boys that discourage the big doctor approve the young guy	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that encourage the little aunt understand the small athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boys that encourage the tiny guy observe the miserable carpenter	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that encourage the big mother inspire the huge father	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that encourage the little poet stimulate the old mother	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boys that engage the old carpenter stimulate the miserable athlete	plural	singular	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small boys that engage the little man approve the sad friend	plural	singular	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that greet the old doctor encourage the ecstatic carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that greet the ecstatic doctor understand the large singer	plural	singular	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that greet the old kid criticize the miserable aunt	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that greet the happy man approve the large athlete	plural	singular	singular	greets	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that greet the joyful man discourage the old doctor	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that greet the sad man inspire the old uncle	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The small boys that greet the little poet inspire the miserable girl	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old boys that greet the happy uncle confuse the large aunt	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that greet the huge victim approve the sad lawyer	plural	singular	singular	greets	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that inspire the ecstatic carpenter know the joyful man	plural	singular	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small boys that inspire the big father encourage the huge athlete	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boys that inspire the miserable kid know the large mother	plural	singular	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boys that inspire the miserable singer understand the little doctor	plural	singular	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that know the small friend criticize the happy doctor	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that know the big friend greet the happy girl	plural	singular	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that know the old guy stimulate the big farmer	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large boys that know the big man encourage the old athlete	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young boys that know the old poet inspire the ecstatic girl	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boys that know the young singer criticize the small guy	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that know the large woman engage the miserable mother	plural	singular	singular	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old boys that observe the large aunt understand the happy man	plural	singular	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boys that stimulate the big lawyer confuse the happy friend	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boys that understand the joyful doctor discourage the small friend	plural	singular	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that understand the miserable mother encourage the joyful farmer	plural	singular	singular	understands	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that admire the large lawyer avoid the sad friend	plural	singular	singular	admires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that approve the old doctor inspire the miserable aunt	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that approve the large farmer inspire the sad athlete	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that approve the tiny father encourage the large man	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that approve the little friend encourage the small victim	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that approve the little friend know the huge mother	plural	singular	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that approve the huge friend know the happy singer	plural	singular	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that approve the happy man remember the small woman	plural	singular	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that avoid the young boy observe the joyful poet	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that avoid the joyful doctor greet the large lawyer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that avoid the little father encourage the joyful kid	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that avoid the joyful poet know the little father	plural	singular	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that avoid the tiny teacher engage the young victim	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that avoid the large victim stimulate the big uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that confuse the little aunt discourage the miserable victim	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that confuse the large singer observe the old poet	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that criticize the miserable father approve the tiny woman	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that criticize the miserable man stimulate the small father	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that discourage the little father encourage the small uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that discourage the miserable father remember the big woman	plural	singular	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that discourage the small lawyer engage the little girl	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that discourage the large poet encourage the miserable kid	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that discourage the joyful woman understand the happy athlete	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that encourage the small athlete approve the miserable victim	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that encourage the happy doctor stimulate the young lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that encourage the large kid stimulate the little doctor	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that engage the joyful athlete understand the ecstatic doctor	plural	singular	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that inspire the miserable guy approve the tiny girl	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that inspire the little uncle observe the sad farmer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that know the happy athlete avoid the little father	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that know the huge boy observe the large father	plural	singular	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that know the joyful lawyer understand the big woman	plural	singular	singular	knows	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that know the sad poet inspire the big aunt	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that know the ecstatic uncle avoid the huge aunt	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that know the miserable victim avoid the huge lawyer	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that observe the miserable girl understand the small teacher	plural	singular	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that observe the ecstatic guy greet the miserable teacher	plural	singular	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that observe the tiny poet remember the young boy	plural	singular	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that remember the ecstatic farmer greet the joyful lawyer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that remember the sad farmer know the small athlete	plural	singular	singular	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that remember the old guy understand the miserable poet	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that remember the small mother inspire the happy guy	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that remember the miserable woman encourage the tiny mother	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that stimulate the small lawyer know the big mother	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that understand the small aunt admire the huge guy	plural	singular	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that understand the tiny doctor engage the happy farmer	plural	singular	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that understand the ecstatic doctor observe the little father	plural	singular	singular	understands	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that understand the old lawyer stimulate the sad kid	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that admire the miserable friend approve the small lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctors that admire the big man approve the miserable kid	plural	singular	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that approve the miserable mother criticize the little farmer	plural	singular	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that approve the miserable mother engage the old man	plural	singular	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that avoid the young kid remember the huge uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that avoid the little kid understand the old uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctors that avoid the tiny mother understand the happy singer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that avoid the large singer stimulate the old girl	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctors that confuse the joyful athlete know the large girl	plural	singular	singular	confuses	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that confuse the happy aunt admire the tiny guy	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that confuse the large kid inspire the joyful mother	plural	singular	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that criticize the ecstatic friend stimulate the miserable teacher	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctors that discourage the joyful aunt confuse the ecstatic poet	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctors that discourage the huge carpenter approve the happy athlete	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that discourage the big friend inspire the sad farmer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that discourage the small girl inspire the little singer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that discourage the huge guy stimulate the sad victim	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that discourage the huge kid confuse the young woman	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctors that discourage the old mother engage the little man	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctors that discourage the ecstatic poet understand the miserable girl	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that encourage the tiny farmer discourage the large kid	plural	singular	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that encourage the ecstatic mother discourage the young aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that encourage the sad poet confuse the old mother	plural	singular	singular	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that encourage the tiny victim know the huge girl	plural	singular	singular	encourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that engage the large mother greet the little farmer	plural	singular	singular	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that engage the little singer admire the old mother	plural	singular	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that greet the joyful farmer encourage the tiny father	plural	singular	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that greet the sad mother know the huge teacher	plural	singular	singular	greets	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that greet the small teacher avoid the tiny uncle	plural	singular	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that inspire the big athlete discourage the miserable teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that inspire the young uncle remember the big victim	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctors that know the big boy observe the young woman	plural	singular	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that know the large carpenter observe the big woman	plural	singular	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that observe the ecstatic boy approve the old athlete	plural	singular	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctors that observe the old farmer inspire the sad woman	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that observe the big girl approve the joyful victim	plural	singular	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that observe the little guy engage the young friend	plural	singular	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that observe the little guy greet the big kid	plural	singular	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that observe the happy lawyer know the small farmer	plural	singular	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctors that remember the huge boy stimulate the little singer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that remember the joyful farmer encourage the old uncle	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that remember the tiny girl observe the happy boy	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that remember the ecstatic lawyer observe the sad woman	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that stimulate the small athlete remember the ecstatic teacher	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctors that stimulate the ecstatic boy confuse the little singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that stimulate the little farmer observe the miserable singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that understand the small farmer approve the joyful girl	plural	singular	singular	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that understand the young kid engage the sad carpenter	plural	singular	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that understand the tiny woman inspire the large teacher	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that admire the little guy encourage the old carpenter	plural	singular	singular	admires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that admire the happy mother inspire the joyful victim	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that admire the large uncle remember the sad carpenter	plural	singular	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that approve the big carpenter engage the old man	plural	singular	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that approve the huge poet engage the old victim	plural	singular	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that approve the little victim engage the joyful teacher	plural	singular	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmers that approve the big woman avoid the joyful doctor	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that avoid the sad father engage the old friend	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that confuse the old aunt remember the sad mother	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmers that confuse the little guy greet the ecstatic victim	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that confuse the sad woman admire the big man	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that confuse the ecstatic woman understand the little lawyer	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that criticize the sad athlete observe the little man	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmers that criticize the miserable friend approve the big uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that criticize the tiny kid admire the happy poet	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmers that criticize the little kid discourage the big guy	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmers that criticize the happy uncle understand the old poet	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that criticize the huge victim understand the tiny father	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that discourage the small kid avoid the old doctor	plural	singular	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that discourage the happy man approve the ecstatic girl	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmers that discourage the sad man understand the small singer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that discourage the old singer understand the small friend	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that discourage the tiny uncle stimulate the small boy	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that encourage the tiny guy criticize the happy victim	plural	singular	singular	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmers that encourage the ecstatic lawyer engage the tiny woman	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that encourage the huge man admire the joyful father	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that encourage the old uncle admire the small victim	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that engage the small boy avoid the sad lawyer	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that engage the little doctor understand the big girl	plural	singular	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that engage the tiny father approve the ecstatic aunt	plural	singular	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmers that greet the big kid observe the huge mother	plural	singular	singular	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmers that greet the big mother admire the happy victim	plural	singular	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that greet the small mother criticize the miserable teacher	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that inspire the tiny athlete stimulate the big guy	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that inspire the ecstatic father criticize the tiny lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that inspire the small friend observe the large girl	plural	singular	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmers that inspire the big guy criticize the small doctor	plural	singular	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that inspire the big guy discourage the old athlete	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that inspire the big lawyer know the sad man	plural	singular	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that inspire the tiny teacher discourage the joyful girl	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that know the sad doctor discourage the old lawyer	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmers that know the huge father encourage the miserable poet	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmers that know the sad kid remember the small friend	plural	singular	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmers that observe the ecstatic teacher confuse the little woman	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that observe the joyful uncle remember the little friend	plural	singular	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that remember the small father encourage the sad lawyer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that remember the miserable father greet the small athlete	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmers that remember the big kid understand the young teacher	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that stimulate the huge athlete discourage the big boy	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that stimulate the ecstatic friend approve the small mother	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that stimulate the joyful kid encourage the old athlete	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that stimulate the huge poet inspire the sad carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that understand the miserable aunt discourage the joyful singer	plural	singular	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmers that understand the joyful father encourage the small guy	plural	singular	singular	understands	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that understand the old guy confuse the joyful mother	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmers that understand the huge guy greet the small athlete	plural	singular	singular	understands	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that understand the tiny teacher greet the young athlete	plural	singular	singular	understands	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small fathers that admire the little athlete inspire the big guy	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that admire the big farmer approve the joyful aunt	plural	singular	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that admire the sad farmer approve the big teacher	plural	singular	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that admire the huge farmer discourage the large poet	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that admire the small teacher understand the old friend	plural	singular	singular	admires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that admire the young victim remember the joyful poet	plural	singular	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small fathers that approve the miserable friend greet the old poet	plural	singular	singular	approves	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that approve the old mother confuse the happy boy	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that approve the miserable teacher understand the large kid	plural	singular	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that avoid the large girl admire the young lawyer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that avoid the huge lawyer encourage the big uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big fathers that confuse the large aunt approve the tiny guy	plural	singular	singular	confuses	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that confuse the miserable friend inspire the small aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large fathers that criticize the small athlete know the miserable boy	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that criticize the young aunt understand the miserable boy	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old fathers that criticize the huge boy greet the young poet	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that criticize the tiny carpenter admire the sad singer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small fathers that criticize the ecstatic carpenter know the old teacher	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that criticize the tiny man understand the large aunt	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that discourage the ecstatic friend criticize the tiny man	plural	singular	singular	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that discourage the small mother inspire the miserable aunt	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that encourage the little athlete discourage the old carpenter	plural	singular	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that encourage the young kid remember the huge poet	plural	singular	singular	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small fathers that encourage the happy teacher admire the ecstatic farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that encourage the young victim stimulate the miserable doctor	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small fathers that engage the young guy discourage the happy boy	plural	singular	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old fathers that engage the young guy stimulate the joyful victim	plural	singular	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that engage the big mother remember the huge uncle	plural	singular	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that engage the huge uncle observe the large poet	plural	singular	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that greet the young doctor remember the sad carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greets	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The big fathers that greet the large doctor understand the tiny victim	plural	singular	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old fathers that inspire the little athlete know the young victim	plural	singular	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that inspire the large doctor remember the tiny poet	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large fathers that inspire the small doctor understand the old singer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that inspire the small guy understand the big carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that inspire the little kid approve the miserable farmer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big fathers that inspire the sad man stimulate the old carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The old fathers that inspire the large teacher criticize the joyful lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that know the large aunt observe the ecstatic guy	plural	singular	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large fathers that know the sad girl approve the miserable teacher	plural	singular	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The large fathers that know the happy girl encourage the old victim	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that observe the miserable lawyer inspire the joyful carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old fathers that observe the young man engage the tiny athlete	plural	singular	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that observe the large uncle confuse the huge man	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old fathers that remember the ecstatic athlete discourage the happy friend	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that remember the tiny farmer approve the sad poet	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that remember the large lawyer inspire the huge uncle	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that stimulate the small farmer approve the tiny athlete	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that stimulate the young kid understand the sad poet	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that stimulate the joyful man encourage the tiny victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that stimulate the miserable mother avoid the large victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that stimulate the young singer engage the ecstatic athlete	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that stimulate the huge victim discourage the sad teacher	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that understand the tiny kid greet the young uncle	plural	singular	singular	understands	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that understand the large mother confuse the ecstatic teacher	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that admire the young doctor know the tiny uncle	plural	singular	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that admire the ecstatic kid inspire the tiny doctor	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little friends that admire the old woman observe the huge singer	plural	singular	singular	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friends that admire the big woman remember the small girl	plural	singular	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The little friends that approve the tiny lawyer discourage the young father	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little friends that approve the ecstatic woman engage the large lawyer	plural	singular	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that avoid the miserable carpenter discourage the tiny victim	plural	singular	singular	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that avoid the large farmer know the old poet	plural	singular	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that avoid the small man remember the young lawyer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that avoid the ecstatic victim criticize the large girl	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that confuse the tiny kid approve the little father	plural	singular	singular	confuses	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little friends that confuse the joyful woman criticize the miserable victim	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large friends that criticize the huge boy confuse the sad father	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that criticize the joyful singer encourage the happy lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that discourage the young lawyer avoid the small guy	plural	singular	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that discourage the huge lawyer stimulate the big man	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that discourage the large woman approve the young man	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that encourage the large aunt criticize the little mother	plural	singular	singular	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that encourage the huge farmer discourage the happy uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that encourage the miserable girl approve the sad mother	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that encourage the happy girl greet the little woman	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that encourage the huge victim admire the ecstatic farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that encourage the miserable victim stimulate the ecstatic aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that engage the huge father discourage the little carpenter	plural	singular	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that engage the miserable girl inspire the ecstatic singer	plural	singular	singular	engages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friends that engage the miserable mother observe the young girl	plural	singular	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that greet the large teacher approve the miserable doctor	plural	singular	singular	greets	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that greet the young victim observe the huge man	plural	singular	singular	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that inspire the happy carpenter encourage the sad aunt	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little friends that inspire the happy farmer discourage the huge victim	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large friends that inspire the little mother approve the sad carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that inspire the tiny teacher know the miserable boy	plural	singular	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large friends that inspire the big woman greet the small uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that know the miserable athlete greet the small woman	plural	singular	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that know the small teacher greet the sad uncle	plural	singular	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large friends that know the tiny victim encourage the old uncle	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that observe the huge aunt understand the miserable mother	plural	singular	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friends that observe the joyful doctor stimulate the big father	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that observe the sad father understand the old carpenter	plural	singular	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that observe the ecstatic singer inspire the old father	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that observe the sad teacher encourage the huge mother	plural	singular	singular	observes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that observe the sad uncle avoid the huge poet	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friends that observe the miserable victim discourage the large girl	plural	singular	singular	observes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that remember the happy father understand the huge girl	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that remember the large mother engage the miserable girl	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that stimulate the small doctor discourage the old father	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little friends that stimulate the sad kid understand the huge guy	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that stimulate the old mother greet the ecstatic uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that understand the huge athlete engage the big aunt	plural	singular	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that understand the happy doctor remember the small victim	plural	singular	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The old friends that understand the tiny father inspire the young woman	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that understand the young singer confuse the ecstatic woman	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that understand the happy teacher inspire the ecstatic doctor	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that admire the sad man know the ecstatic poet	plural	singular	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that admire the miserable uncle know the young singer	plural	singular	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large girls that approve the little doctor confuse the ecstatic woman	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that approve the joyful man know the young mother	plural	singular	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that approve the miserable mother remember the happy guy	plural	singular	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that approve the sad singer stimulate the miserable farmer	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that avoid the young man engage the little carpenter	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that avoid the old poet know the little farmer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large girls that avoid the miserable teacher remember the ecstatic guy	plural	singular	singular	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that avoid the little woman engage the tiny singer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girls that confuse the tiny doctor admire the ecstatic lawyer	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small girls that confuse the little teacher admire the old carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that criticize the miserable athlete inspire the young aunt	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that criticize the large carpenter approve the happy friend	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young girls that criticize the tiny farmer stimulate the big boy	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that criticize the happy singer avoid the big athlete	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small girls that criticize the huge teacher understand the ecstatic aunt	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that discourage the small aunt criticize the young woman	plural	singular	singular	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that discourage the miserable victim understand the large woman	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old girls that encourage the tiny aunt stimulate the joyful woman	plural	singular	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young girls that encourage the happy friend observe the sad athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big girls that encourage the joyful uncle observe the sad farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little girls that greet the old carpenter stimulate the tiny doctor	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girls that greet the young kid avoid the old guy	plural	singular	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that greet the little mother avoid the large boy	plural	singular	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small girls that inspire the sad friend greet the large kid	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large girls that inspire the big lawyer discourage the ecstatic uncle	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girls that know the big boy criticize the sad doctor	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that know the little boy engage the large friend	plural	singular	singular	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that know the young friend understand the small teacher	plural	singular	singular	knows	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The large girls that observe the huge teacher remember the young kid	plural	singular	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that remember the joyful athlete greet the small teacher	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girls that remember the little aunt inspire the big farmer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old girls that remember the small aunt understand the joyful mother	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that remember the tiny boy discourage the huge farmer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small girls that remember the happy carpenter avoid the little kid	plural	singular	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that remember the ecstatic carpenter confuse the tiny lawyer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young girls that remember the large father avoid the miserable mother	plural	singular	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big girls that remember the tiny kid stimulate the large uncle	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that remember the miserable lawyer engage the tiny friend	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little girls that remember the old mother know the tiny victim	plural	singular	singular	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that remember the miserable teacher approve the large singer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that stimulate the ecstatic athlete remember the miserable farmer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The big girls that stimulate the tiny poet avoid the miserable doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that understand the sad lawyer discourage the old singer	plural	singular	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old guys that admire the small boy avoid the big man	plural	singular	singular	admires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big guys that admire the sad lawyer approve the huge kid	plural	singular	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that approve the tiny father admire the huge farmer	plural	singular	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guys that approve the happy friend engage the young victim	plural	singular	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that approve the sad kid avoid the young uncle	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that approve the joyful lawyer criticize the ecstatic aunt	plural	singular	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large guys that approve the ecstatic lawyer inspire the happy athlete	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big guys that approve the miserable singer inspire the old uncle	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that approve the tiny woman know the little mother	plural	singular	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that avoid the happy friend inspire the joyful doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little guys that avoid the miserable mother confuse the big friend	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old guys that confuse the joyful athlete admire the tiny victim	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that confuse the big carpenter engage the old woman	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that confuse the huge woman remember the sad singer	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guys that criticize the little singer observe the young friend	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that criticize the tiny uncle inspire the sad farmer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little guys that discourage the happy friend encourage the joyful victim	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that discourage the joyful woman greet the small aunt	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that encourage the miserable farmer greet the old boy	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little guys that encourage the large mother inspire the old lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guys that encourage the ecstatic poet observe the huge doctor	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that encourage the miserable uncle know the tiny boy	plural	singular	singular	encourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big guys that greet the little athlete admire the old farmer	plural	singular	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large guys that greet the big doctor confuse the small singer	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that greet the old doctor encourage the big aunt	plural	singular	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old guys that greet the huge mother confuse the tiny boy	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guys that greet the joyful poet discourage the sad athlete	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that inspire the small girl greet the old carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that inspire the miserable lawyer criticize the huge girl	plural	singular	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that inspire the little teacher stimulate the small mother	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little guys that know the old man discourage the small kid	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that observe the little boy know the ecstatic friend	plural	singular	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that observe the sad lawyer understand the tiny victim	plural	singular	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that observe the huge teacher remember the young woman	plural	singular	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that remember the big victim know the little singer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that stimulate the big doctor greet the little singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that stimulate the large father avoid the tiny athlete	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big guys that stimulate the huge friend understand the young kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that stimulate the little girl avoid the huge lawyer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large guys that stimulate the big girl confuse the tiny father	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that stimulate the large kid remember the little friend	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that stimulate the joyful lawyer observe the little mother	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that stimulate the young singer approve the huge woman	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big guys that stimulate the huge singer encourage the young father	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that stimulate the large victim confuse the little kid	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guys that understand the big singer know the miserable victim	plural	singular	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that admire the large aunt observe the old lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big kids that admire the large boy greet the ecstatic mother	plural	singular	singular	admires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that admire the large farmer engage the joyful poet	plural	singular	singular	admires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big kids that admire the huge man understand the sad girl	plural	singular	singular	admires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that avoid the sad singer understand the joyful girl	plural	singular	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little kids that confuse the huge friend understand the small uncle	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that confuse the old guy avoid the big poet	plural	singular	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big kids that confuse the happy mother remember the sad guy	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The little kids that confuse the happy poet avoid the joyful athlete	plural	singular	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that confuse the old teacher stimulate the happy carpenter	plural	singular	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kids that confuse the little woman understand the tiny boy	plural	singular	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that criticize the miserable athlete stimulate the little lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kids that criticize the ecstatic farmer inspire the young uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that criticize the happy singer approve the miserable mother	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that discourage the large athlete remember the happy doctor	plural	singular	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that discourage the old boy remember the huge uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that discourage the ecstatic friend encourage the old aunt	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kids that discourage the small girl admire the joyful victim	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little kids that discourage the small mother encourage the big poet	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that discourage the little singer greet the miserable carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that encourage the huge girl avoid the big victim	plural	singular	singular	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that encourage the ecstatic girl know the miserable teacher	plural	singular	singular	encourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The old kids that encourage the miserable singer approve the large woman	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that engage the big farmer greet the joyful mother	plural	singular	singular	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big kids that engage the old guy approve the happy farmer	plural	singular	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that engage the old man admire the happy carpenter	plural	singular	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that engage the tiny teacher discourage the small boy	plural	singular	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that greet the happy girl stimulate the ecstatic father	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that greet the young man approve the old father	plural	singular	singular	greets	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kids that greet the young teacher avoid the old victim	plural	singular	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kids that inspire the ecstatic poet criticize the tiny father	plural	singular	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that know the old lawyer approve the miserable aunt	plural	singular	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that know the large mother avoid the miserable teacher	plural	singular	singular	knows	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that know the ecstatic woman stimulate the large man	plural	singular	singular	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kids that observe the large boy confuse the huge teacher	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The big kids that observe the little father approve the happy victim	plural	singular	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kids that observe the old girl encourage the small boy	plural	singular	singular	observes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that observe the ecstatic lawyer avoid the happy woman	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that observe the happy mother remember the huge athlete	plural	singular	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that remember the big athlete admire the joyful lawyer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little kids that remember the huge doctor confuse the sad girl	plural	singular	singular	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that remember the miserable mother admire the young girl	plural	singular	singular	remembers	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that remember the sad teacher discourage the happy man	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that stimulate the miserable boy remember the joyful friend	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kids that stimulate the miserable doctor criticize the large uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that stimulate the old guy criticize the ecstatic victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that understand the miserable aunt engage the happy farmer	plural	singular	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that understand the small doctor approve the huge woman	plural	singular	singular	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that understand the small farmer criticize the happy lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old kids that understand the joyful farmer inspire the young woman	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that admire the young aunt discourage the big farmer	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that admire the miserable uncle discourage the ecstatic carpenter	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that admire the little uncle greet the young victim	plural	singular	singular	admires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that approve the little guy greet the joyful mother	plural	singular	singular	approves	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that approve the small teacher avoid the happy girl	plural	singular	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that approve the big victim stimulate the miserable woman	plural	singular	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that approve the young woman discourage the tiny man	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that avoid the miserable poet confuse the big father	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that confuse the miserable victim engage the little girl	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that criticize the big girl understand the sad man	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that criticize the big kid understand the happy singer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that criticize the small man admire the ecstatic teacher	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that criticize the old mother discourage the big singer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that discourage the sad athlete admire the huge poet	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that discourage the miserable aunt remember the young victim	plural	singular	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that discourage the young carpenter observe the large boy	plural	singular	singular	discourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that discourage the sad friend approve the huge guy	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that discourage the old uncle approve the huge doctor	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that encourage the miserable mother discourage the sad athlete	plural	singular	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that encourage the big teacher know the large farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that engage the big kid admire the miserable victim	plural	singular	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that engage the ecstatic victim encourage the young athlete	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that greet the young father admire the happy athlete	plural	singular	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that greet the ecstatic mother admire the happy guy	plural	singular	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that greet the joyful uncle confuse the small carpenter	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that greet the joyful woman remember the small friend	plural	singular	singular	greets	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that inspire the big boy greet the happy friend	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that inspire the huge father observe the miserable singer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that inspire the small mother remember the miserable girl	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that inspire the old uncle remember the big teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that know the small aunt engage the big man	plural	singular	singular	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that know the tiny man admire the small victim	plural	singular	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that observe the joyful athlete remember the happy doctor	plural	singular	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that observe the small singer remember the happy poet	plural	singular	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that observe the big woman approve the miserable girl	plural	singular	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that remember the tiny farmer criticize the old friend	plural	singular	singular	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that remember the little farmer know the huge teacher	plural	singular	singular	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that remember the big girl observe the joyful athlete	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that remember the young man stimulate the sad singer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that stimulate the little athlete understand the ecstatic guy	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that stimulate the happy aunt encourage the tiny singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that stimulate the big aunt greet the tiny carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that understand the sad doctor stimulate the joyful poet	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that understand the huge man stimulate the miserable athlete	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that understand the large victim observe the huge kid	plural	singular	singular	understands	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large men that admire the old boy greet the ecstatic uncle	plural	singular	singular	admires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that admire the sad kid engage the huge doctor	plural	singular	singular	admires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that admire the joyful lawyer avoid the small poet	plural	singular	singular	admires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that approve the big kid criticize the sad girl	plural	singular	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that avoid the huge farmer inspire the miserable boy	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that avoid the happy friend criticize the sad athlete	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that confuse the sad doctor discourage the old mother	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that confuse the tiny father admire the joyful boy	plural	singular	singular	confuses	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small men that confuse the happy girl inspire the old kid	plural	singular	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that confuse the little guy criticize the ecstatic aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful men that criticize the large farmer avoid the big friend	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad men that criticize the small kid observe the little doctor	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that discourage the big aunt engage the tiny doctor	plural	singular	singular	discourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful men that discourage the miserable farmer confuse the young girl	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that discourage the big farmer greet the young teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that discourage the big father inspire the small kid	plural	singular	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that discourage the old lawyer confuse the small girl	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small men that encourage the joyful farmer engage the ecstatic lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big men that encourage the old father know the young farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable men that encourage the ecstatic guy avoid the young uncle	plural	singular	singular	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad men that encourage the young kid observe the miserable mother	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small men that engage the old athlete admire the young farmer	plural	singular	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad men that engage the young athlete criticize the large doctor	plural	singular	singular	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy men that engage the sad father understand the little athlete	plural	singular	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that engage the little teacher approve the joyful father	plural	singular	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big men that greet the small aunt discourage the happy woman	plural	singular	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that greet the huge carpenter remember the large poet	plural	singular	singular	greets	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young men that greet the joyful farmer admire the huge woman	plural	singular	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy men that greet the large farmer engage the tiny poet	plural	singular	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young men that greet the old woman encourage the sad uncle	plural	singular	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that inspire the huge doctor discourage the tiny guy	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad men that inspire the miserable father admire the happy doctor	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that inspire the young father stimulate the sad boy	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large men that inspire the sad teacher engage the huge victim	plural	singular	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable men that inspire the old victim confuse the tiny woman	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The big men that know the sad farmer observe the large uncle	plural	singular	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large men that observe the huge poet know the big athlete	plural	singular	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful men that observe the small woman approve the large poet	plural	singular	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big men that remember the tiny athlete inspire the old victim	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable men that remember the big aunt greet the young teacher	plural	singular	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad men that remember the happy boy confuse the tiny carpenter	plural	singular	singular	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that remember the joyful guy inspire the sad kid	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny men that remember the sad woman understand the joyful friend	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny men that stimulate the large girl encourage the little farmer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that stimulate the ecstatic guy observe the huge boy	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large men that understand the sad carpenter criticize the old lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny men that understand the large poet inspire the small doctor	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy men that understand the miserable singer approve the little athlete	plural	singular	singular	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that understand the happy victim confuse the sad uncle	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young mothers that admire the big doctor inspire the large teacher	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that admire the old teacher engage the big uncle	plural	singular	singular	admires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that approve the happy carpenter confuse the miserable athlete	plural	singular	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that approve the tiny guy remember the miserable carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that approve the sad kid discourage the ecstatic woman	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that approve the huge kid engage the miserable carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that approve the ecstatic lawyer understand the joyful carpenter	plural	singular	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that approve the little teacher discourage the ecstatic father	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that avoid the sad carpenter greet the big uncle	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that avoid the joyful girl greet the happy woman	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that avoid the ecstatic man inspire the small woman	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that confuse the young aunt discourage the tiny kid	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that confuse the tiny boy remember the ecstatic friend	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that confuse the young father stimulate the happy boy	plural	singular	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that confuse the sad guy discourage the huge uncle	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that confuse the joyful kid criticize the ecstatic singer	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young mothers that confuse the sad poet discourage the large man	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that confuse the ecstatic poet engage the small guy	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that confuse the old teacher remember the tiny guy	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that criticize the happy doctor discourage the old poet	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young mothers that discourage the joyful singer greet the huge friend	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that discourage the young victim approve the sad lawyer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that encourage the huge lawyer inspire the joyful girl	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that engage the little guy encourage the big farmer	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that engage the huge singer admire the small victim	plural	singular	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that engage the sad uncle understand the joyful doctor	plural	singular	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that greet the old kid avoid the happy farmer	plural	singular	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that greet the ecstatic singer criticize the happy woman	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that greet the big singer inspire the small father	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that inspire the young athlete understand the tiny boy	plural	singular	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small mothers that inspire the large singer admire the big poet	plural	singular	singular	inspires	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that inspire the big singer encourage the sad carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that inspire the little uncle encourage the tiny friend	plural	singular	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that know the little athlete observe the large man	plural	singular	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that know the small man confuse the happy poet	plural	singular	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that know the little man discourage the large aunt	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that know the big singer encourage the huge farmer	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that know the happy uncle discourage the sad teacher	plural	singular	singular	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that observe the huge boy engage the sad farmer	plural	singular	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young mothers that observe the joyful doctor understand the big guy	plural	singular	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that observe the sad girl inspire the miserable father	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that observe the miserable guy greet the young farmer	plural	singular	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that observe the sad man confuse the small woman	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that observe the ecstatic singer remember the joyful woman	plural	singular	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that remember the joyful boy approve the small guy	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young mothers that remember the huge farmer confuse the old aunt	plural	singular	singular	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that remember the ecstatic friend understand the joyful teacher	plural	singular	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young mothers that remember the happy lawyer engage the sad friend	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big mothers that remember the miserable teacher observe the young uncle	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that remember the huge woman know the small guy	plural	singular	singular	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that stimulate the huge woman encourage the joyful athlete	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that understand the large carpenter admire the miserable athlete	plural	singular	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that understand the happy farmer know the tiny doctor	plural	singular	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that understand the sad man stimulate the big aunt	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that admire the huge farmer approve the young doctor	plural	singular	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poets that admire the joyful kid know the large boy	plural	singular	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big poets that approve the ecstatic athlete discourage the small farmer	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that approve the joyful farmer encourage the young friend	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that approve the small guy criticize the happy victim	plural	singular	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that avoid the young carpenter observe the big guy	plural	singular	singular	avoids	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that avoid the miserable friend understand the huge victim	plural	singular	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that avoid the miserable girl stimulate the large teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that avoid the miserable victim discourage the old farmer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that confuse the tiny kid avoid the small friend	plural	singular	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that confuse the large lawyer engage the young victim	plural	singular	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that confuse the old uncle criticize the large doctor	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that confuse the small victim encourage the large girl	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that confuse the miserable victim remember the joyful kid	plural	singular	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that criticize the tiny father inspire the young victim	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that criticize the big father observe the huge man	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big poets that criticize the joyful singer encourage the tiny boy	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that criticize the huge singer engage the old woman	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that criticize the ecstatic teacher encourage the joyful friend	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poets that criticize the big victim approve the small farmer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poets that discourage the tiny girl confuse the miserable aunt	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that discourage the miserable guy encourage the large uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that discourage the joyful mother stimulate the tiny carpenter	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that discourage the happy singer stimulate the huge uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that discourage the joyful victim know the small teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that encourage the old aunt remember the joyful lawyer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The old poets that encourage the sad aunt understand the little farmer	plural	singular	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that engage the big doctor know the tiny aunt	plural	singular	singular	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that engage the sad girl criticize the ecstatic friend	plural	singular	singular	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that engage the old kid discourage the large mother	plural	singular	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that engage the sad singer understand the happy man	plural	singular	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old poets that greet the joyful athlete observe the small aunt	plural	singular	singular	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poets that greet the sad boy know the ecstatic woman	plural	singular	singular	greets	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big poets that inspire the young aunt confuse the joyful athlete	plural	singular	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that know the small father inspire the joyful woman	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that know the tiny friend remember the small carpenter	plural	singular	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small poets that know the ecstatic girl remember the huge uncle	plural	singular	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poets that know the miserable lawyer approve the large uncle	plural	singular	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that know the joyful man criticize the large uncle	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that observe the small farmer confuse the happy aunt	plural	singular	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that observe the ecstatic father avoid the miserable guy	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that observe the huge victim greet the happy boy	plural	singular	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small poets that remember the large guy encourage the happy athlete	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poets that remember the ecstatic man stimulate the huge girl	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The old poets that remember the sad woman stimulate the tiny uncle	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that stimulate the joyful father engage the happy girl	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small poets that stimulate the sad guy criticize the large mother	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that understand the happy aunt criticize the tiny victim	plural	singular	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that understand the happy boy engage the miserable aunt	plural	singular	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poets that understand the joyful carpenter inspire the tiny father	plural	singular	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that understand the joyful doctor avoid the happy father	plural	singular	singular	understands	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that understand the tiny friend engage the old father	plural	singular	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small poets that understand the big girl avoid the miserable teacher	plural	singular	singular	understands	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poets that understand the small man discourage the sad carpenter	plural	singular	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singers that admire the happy boy greet the young man	plural	singular	singular	admires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that admire the little doctor approve the old boy	plural	singular	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that admire the big farmer remember the small athlete	plural	singular	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that admire the big friend criticize the ecstatic guy	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that admire the happy girl engage the joyful athlete	plural	singular	singular	admires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The large singers that admire the joyful mother observe the huge victim	plural	singular	singular	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that approve the happy uncle know the tiny father	plural	singular	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that approve the large uncle understand the young friend	plural	singular	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The big singers that avoid the tiny victim encourage the large boy	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singers that avoid the old victim encourage the large man	plural	singular	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old singers that confuse the joyful aunt approve the sad mother	plural	singular	singular	confuses	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that confuse the little doctor stimulate the miserable girl	plural	singular	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big singers that confuse the joyful woman criticize the tiny girl	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singers that criticize the old carpenter discourage the happy girl	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that discourage the small aunt stimulate the sad kid	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that discourage the sad girl admire the ecstatic woman	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that discourage the young teacher observe the happy kid	plural	singular	singular	discourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singers that encourage the joyful aunt avoid the young woman	plural	singular	singular	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that encourage the joyful aunt know the young girl	plural	singular	singular	encourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singers that encourage the miserable farmer admire the large victim	plural	singular	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that encourage the old father inspire the joyful aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large singers that engage the big doctor avoid the tiny farmer	plural	singular	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The old singers that engage the happy father understand the young girl	plural	singular	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old singers that engage the happy lawyer observe the miserable man	plural	singular	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that engage the large woman criticize the joyful guy	plural	singular	singular	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little singers that greet the huge athlete engage the miserable girl	plural	singular	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that greet the old athlete stimulate the young girl	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large singers that greet the old boy understand the tiny woman	plural	singular	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that greet the ecstatic friend criticize the young poet	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singers that greet the little guy inspire the big friend	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that greet the ecstatic mother understand the small man	plural	singular	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The big singers that inspire the small friend understand the huge teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The big singers that inspire the huge guy discourage the young teacher	plural	singular	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small singers that inspire the young teacher approve the big doctor	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that inspire the ecstatic teacher greet the happy friend	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old singers that know the ecstatic farmer observe the tiny mother	plural	singular	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that know the little victim observe the sad athlete	plural	singular	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that observe the ecstatic lawyer engage the tiny kid	plural	singular	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singers that remember the joyful athlete encourage the large farmer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that remember the little guy stimulate the huge mother	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small singers that remember the joyful kid stimulate the happy doctor	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big singers that remember the small lawyer observe the sad farmer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that remember the sad poet avoid the happy girl	plural	singular	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that remember the young woman know the miserable boy	plural	singular	singular	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singers that stimulate the old doctor admire the miserable lawyer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little singers that stimulate the young lawyer approve the sad aunt	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old singers that understand the joyful doctor admire the ecstatic boy	plural	singular	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big teachers that admire the large carpenter criticize the huge man	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that admire the huge doctor approve the big singer	plural	singular	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that admire the old victim approve the sad guy	plural	singular	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that admire the tiny victim discourage the small guy	plural	singular	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young teachers that approve the joyful lawyer observe the huge athlete	plural	singular	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that approve the joyful singer discourage the ecstatic victim	plural	singular	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that approve the miserable victim know the sad guy	plural	singular	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young teachers that avoid the miserable boy approve the old aunt	plural	singular	singular	avoids	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big teachers that avoid the huge friend confuse the tiny kid	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that avoid the joyful friend know the happy girl	plural	singular	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that avoid the sad singer criticize the tiny aunt	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that avoid the young victim confuse the tiny athlete	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that confuse the big boy encourage the young aunt	plural	singular	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old teachers that criticize the young aunt understand the small man	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that criticize the miserable girl encourage the big kid	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that criticize the happy girl engage the big woman	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that discourage the young friend understand the little father	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that discourage the tiny kid approve the joyful uncle	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that discourage the happy lawyer confuse the large father	plural	singular	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that encourage the joyful aunt inspire the miserable poet	plural	singular	singular	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that encourage the ecstatic kid greet the miserable doctor	plural	singular	singular	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big teachers that engage the large athlete stimulate the old aunt	plural	singular	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that engage the ecstatic doctor remember the small man	plural	singular	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that engage the old lawyer greet the small aunt	plural	singular	singular	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that engage the ecstatic woman stimulate the tiny father	plural	singular	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that greet the miserable father confuse the old doctor	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that greet the happy poet inspire the little victim	plural	singular	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The young teachers that greet the happy uncle criticize the joyful boy	plural	singular	singular	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that inspire the tiny boy stimulate the joyful lawyer	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that inspire the ecstatic friend observe the huge mother	plural	singular	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that inspire the little mother stimulate the sad athlete	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that know the huge poet inspire the old kid	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that observe the large carpenter encourage the huge kid	plural	singular	singular	observes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that observe the miserable mother criticize the joyful woman	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that remember the big athlete discourage the young woman	plural	singular	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big teachers that remember the happy athlete engage the small singer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that remember the ecstatic aunt stimulate the joyful father	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that remember the huge farmer avoid the young doctor	plural	singular	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that remember the little girl approve the miserable kid	plural	singular	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old teachers that remember the happy guy encourage the little kid	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that remember the young woman inspire the big girl	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The young teachers that stimulate the miserable boy criticize the happy victim	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that stimulate the happy boy discourage the huge doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that stimulate the big carpenter observe the miserable doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that stimulate the big doctor understand the young boy	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that stimulate the little friend criticize the small man	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that stimulate the huge friend know the old carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that stimulate the big girl discourage the old athlete	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that stimulate the small girl encourage the big father	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that stimulate the small man discourage the little uncle	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old teachers that stimulate the young mother greet the miserable guy	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that understand the large aunt admire the big lawyer	plural	singular	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that understand the huge aunt admire the tiny man	plural	singular	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that understand the big farmer admire the joyful girl	plural	singular	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that understand the old uncle remember the small poet	plural	singular	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that admire the huge athlete inspire the ecstatic girl	plural	singular	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that admire the ecstatic carpenter criticize the tiny father	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that admire the miserable kid know the big athlete	plural	singular	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that admire the tiny teacher stimulate the large athlete	plural	singular	singular	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that approve the tiny athlete observe the young doctor	plural	singular	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that approve the miserable athlete observe the huge girl	plural	singular	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that approve the big aunt greet the huge woman	plural	singular	singular	approves	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncles that approve the miserable woman inspire the little doctor	plural	singular	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncles that avoid the ecstatic friend inspire the little boy	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that avoid the happy victim know the joyful carpenter	plural	singular	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that confuse the joyful athlete discourage the tiny father	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that confuse the young athlete greet the tiny girl	plural	singular	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that confuse the joyful guy stimulate the little mother	plural	singular	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncles that confuse the little woman observe the happy father	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that criticize the joyful doctor know the happy father	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncles that criticize the old girl discourage the large carpenter	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncles that criticize the sad guy greet the young farmer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncles that criticize the little lawyer admire the happy singer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that criticize the tiny mother know the small man	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncles that criticize the huge teacher approve the big lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that criticize the sad woman inspire the huge friend	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncles that discourage the huge father know the big woman	plural	singular	singular	discourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that discourage the miserable singer greet the sad mother	plural	singular	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that encourage the huge victim approve the sad man	plural	singular	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that engage the big man encourage the tiny victim	plural	singular	singular	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that engage the sad teacher inspire the ecstatic mother	plural	singular	singular	engages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that greet the old athlete engage the large guy	plural	singular	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncles that greet the tiny aunt approve the large singer	plural	singular	singular	greets	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that greet the old friend encourage the young girl	plural	singular	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncles that greet the ecstatic woman remember the old singer	plural	singular	singular	greets	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that inspire the old guy greet the large doctor	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that inspire the ecstatic kid approve the young carpenter	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncles that know the sad boy admire the tiny friend	plural	singular	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that know the tiny singer criticize the joyful athlete	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncles that know the miserable victim confuse the tiny guy	plural	singular	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that observe the ecstatic carpenter greet the young poet	plural	singular	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncles that observe the miserable carpenter inspire the joyful victim	plural	singular	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that observe the big friend understand the little athlete	plural	singular	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that observe the huge woman know the sad victim	plural	singular	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncles that stimulate the little athlete discourage the huge aunt	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that stimulate the big friend inspire the ecstatic lawyer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that understand the big aunt confuse the sad guy	plural	singular	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that admire the large farmer stimulate the big woman	plural	singular	singular	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that admire the joyful man criticize the small lawyer	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that admire the old uncle remember the sad athlete	plural	singular	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victims that approve the miserable friend observe the ecstatic mother	plural	singular	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that approve the happy teacher understand the joyful lawyer	plural	singular	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victims that approve the little woman criticize the ecstatic kid	plural	singular	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victims that approve the big woman know the small doctor	plural	singular	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large victims that avoid the miserable aunt inspire the ecstatic father	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that avoid the large father confuse the tiny friend	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that avoid the little girl approve the sad doctor	plural	singular	singular	avoids	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victims that avoid the happy man know the old teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that avoid the sad mother greet the big boy	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that avoid the tiny poet inspire the old kid	plural	singular	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that confuse the big aunt inspire the ecstatic farmer	plural	singular	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that confuse the small father criticize the old guy	plural	singular	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small victims that confuse the ecstatic poet discourage the old teacher	plural	singular	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old victims that criticize the tiny carpenter greet the huge lawyer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victims that criticize the joyful girl discourage the small singer	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old victims that criticize the ecstatic poet greet the small man	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victims that criticize the big singer approve the little girl	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little victims that criticize the miserable teacher engage the young woman	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victims that discourage the sad guy stimulate the ecstatic teacher	plural	singular	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large victims that discourage the big man observe the young woman	plural	singular	singular	discourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little victims that discourage the big mother remember the joyful girl	plural	singular	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that discourage the ecstatic teacher encourage the small aunt	plural	singular	singular	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victims that discourage the young uncle understand the joyful lawyer	plural	singular	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that encourage the young lawyer criticize the tiny guy	plural	singular	singular	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that encourage the ecstatic lawyer engage the small aunt	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old victims that engage the joyful guy approve the tiny farmer	plural	singular	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that engage the huge poet observe the large athlete	plural	singular	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that greet the sad doctor approve the huge boy	plural	singular	singular	greets	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that greet the old man observe the huge woman	plural	singular	singular	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that observe the young father know the tiny athlete	plural	singular	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small victims that observe the old lawyer criticize the ecstatic boy	plural	singular	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that observe the tiny man know the big father	plural	singular	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The old victims that observe the young singer stimulate the tiny boy	plural	singular	singular	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little victims that observe the tiny teacher discourage the ecstatic guy	plural	singular	singular	observes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that remember the ecstatic friend stimulate the miserable poet	plural	singular	singular	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that remember the miserable girl encourage the little poet	plural	singular	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little victims that remember the joyful poet observe the happy girl	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that stimulate the young farmer approve the huge doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victims that stimulate the miserable farmer confuse the happy doctor	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small victims that stimulate the little father know the miserable man	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large victims that stimulate the sad poet greet the small singer	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big victims that understand the young father stimulate the tiny teacher	plural	singular	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victims that understand the little kid engage the ecstatic athlete	plural	singular	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that understand the happy singer observe the miserable aunt	plural	singular	singular	understands	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large victims that understand the big teacher engage the ecstatic farmer	plural	singular	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small women that admire the old guy criticize the joyful friend	plural	singular	singular	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that admire the big teacher know the ecstatic guy	plural	singular	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable women that approve the young athlete encourage the happy aunt	plural	singular	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that approve the young aunt remember the big uncle	plural	singular	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that approve the young farmer know the joyful victim	plural	singular	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that approve the small teacher criticize the young aunt	plural	singular	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that avoid the joyful aunt confuse the young mother	plural	singular	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that avoid the young friend criticize the big singer	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that avoid the joyful man criticize the young friend	plural	singular	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge women that avoid the small man greet the tiny teacher	plural	singular	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that avoid the old mother admire the sad kid	plural	singular	singular	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that confuse the large carpenter know the young poet	plural	singular	singular	confuses	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful women that confuse the little doctor observe the sad farmer	plural	singular	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that confuse the old friend approve the small kid	plural	singular	singular	confuses	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that criticize the young aunt engage the tiny father	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that criticize the sad father know the tiny boy	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young women that criticize the tiny father stimulate the sad guy	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that criticize the young teacher greet the small girl	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that criticize the huge teacher remember the old uncle	plural	singular	singular	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that discourage the big girl approve the little guy	plural	singular	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that discourage the young mother admire the huge victim	plural	singular	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge women that encourage the small aunt engage the happy boy	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that encourage the big boy avoid the happy girl	plural	singular	singular	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful women that encourage the sad farmer observe the huge guy	plural	singular	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that encourage the tiny guy engage the sad boy	plural	singular	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big women that engage the miserable boy approve the happy carpenter	plural	singular	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that engage the tiny victim confuse the sad farmer	plural	singular	singular	engages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that greet the young farmer confuse the old man	plural	singular	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that greet the tiny farmer stimulate the joyful poet	plural	singular	singular	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable women that greet the tiny friend avoid the large man	plural	singular	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that inspire the young aunt greet the little friend	plural	singular	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that inspire the little victim approve the old aunt	plural	singular	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that inspire the joyful victim stimulate the miserable kid	plural	singular	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that know the happy carpenter remember the ecstatic singer	plural	singular	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The big women that know the little father criticize the young victim	plural	singular	singular	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that know the big friend encourage the miserable uncle	plural	singular	singular	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful women that know the old girl inspire the ecstatic friend	plural	singular	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that know the big guy observe the miserable doctor	plural	singular	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that observe the tiny athlete avoid the joyful girl	plural	singular	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that observe the joyful farmer admire the sad lawyer	plural	singular	singular	observes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young women that remember the big athlete observe the miserable friend	plural	singular	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small women that remember the ecstatic poet inspire the young singer	plural	singular	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that stimulate the joyful athlete inspire the ecstatic friend	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that stimulate the young man approve the sad carpenter	plural	singular	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable women that understand the small athlete remember the large farmer	plural	singular	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable women that understand the young boy engage the ecstatic man	plural	singular	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that admire the big boy observe the old guys	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that admire the happy girl criticize the young guys	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that approve the huge aunt admire the small victims	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that approve the joyful aunt inspire the big boys	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that approve the huge doctor admire the big aunts	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that approve the large father observe the sad poets	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little athletes that approve the young girl observe the happy doctors	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that approve the small man engage the tiny fathers	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that avoid the sad aunt know the miserable women	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that avoid the happy kid approve the young women	plural	singular	plural	avoids	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that confuse the large doctor engage the happy uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big athletes that criticize the young father understand the old friends	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that criticize the young girl remember the old singers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that criticize the small man greet the joyful kids	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that criticize the miserable poet know the huge mothers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that discourage the ecstatic girl confuse the large lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old athletes that discourage the tiny man admire the small aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big athletes that encourage the miserable kid approve the old fathers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that encourage the big mother criticize the ecstatic girls	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old athletes that encourage the tiny singer engage the miserable victims	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that engage the happy boy remember the tiny lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that engage the big friend greet the tiny victims	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that engage the young poet inspire the tiny women	plural	singular	plural	engages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that engage the joyful uncle know the huge mothers	plural	singular	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big athletes that greet the joyful teacher admire the tiny women	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that greet the joyful victim avoid the small uncles	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that inspire the ecstatic friend approve the huge farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that inspire the huge friend approve the joyful mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little athletes that inspire the happy mother approve the joyful singers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little athletes that inspire the young mother understand the small fathers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that know the old boy approve the miserable lawyers	plural	singular	plural	knows	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that remember the sad girl confuse the miserable guys	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that remember the miserable poet avoid the old uncles	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that remember the old woman engage the sad farmers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that remember the ecstatic woman greet the tiny carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that stimulate the happy carpenter criticize the miserable kids	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that stimulate the old doctor understand the small friends	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that stimulate the huge doctor understand the sad singers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that stimulate the miserable mother remember the joyful lawyers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The old athletes that stimulate the ecstatic singer admire the tiny victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that understand the big aunt confuse the joyful fathers	plural	singular	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that understand the little friend stimulate the miserable victims	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that understand the happy guy discourage the huge doctors	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that understand the little woman avoid the huge girls	plural	singular	plural	understands	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunts that admire the small athlete stimulate the little singers	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that admire the sad uncle encourage the small guys	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that admire the ecstatic victim understand the joyful carpenters	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that approve the joyful kid know the tiny women	plural	singular	plural	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that approve the happy victim understand the big singers	plural	singular	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that avoid the small doctor criticize the tiny farmers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that avoid the joyful doctor discourage the young athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that avoid the happy kid admire the huge doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that avoid the big singer observe the sad teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunts that confuse the small farmer know the little fathers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that confuse the big singer stimulate the tiny women	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that criticize the miserable mother remember the small singers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that criticize the old teacher encourage the happy farmers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunts that discourage the little lawyer greet the old doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that discourage the tiny poet remember the little athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunts that discourage the large singer inspire the little lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that encourage the old carpenter admire the tiny friends	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunts that encourage the small friend criticize the miserable kids	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunts that encourage the tiny uncle admire the huge friends	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that encourage the huge victim engage the small kids	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that encourage the large woman engage the young friends	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that inspire the old teacher understand the large mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that know the old doctor engage the happy fathers	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that know the young mother encourage the little farmers	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunts that observe the miserable girl discourage the little poets	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunts that observe the tiny teacher inspire the happy boys	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that remember the tiny doctor discourage the sad athletes	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that remember the ecstatic uncle know the huge poets	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunts that stimulate the young lawyer discourage the ecstatic farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that stimulate the little man avoid the happy poets	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that stimulate the miserable uncle understand the young mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that understand the little athlete discourage the small uncles	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that understand the small kid discourage the huge victims	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that understand the huge mother remember the little women	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that understand the happy poet observe the little boys	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunts that understand the young uncle confuse the huge guys	plural	singular	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that admire the small aunt encourage the tiny poets	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that admire the sad victim stimulate the large uncles	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that approve the young lawyer understand the large teachers	plural	singular	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that approve the little uncle engage the happy singers	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that confuse the huge friend avoid the young farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that confuse the young friend remember the big singers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boys that confuse the old mother criticize the tiny lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that criticize the miserable father stimulate the small men	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young boys that criticize the huge girl confuse the large friends	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that criticize the ecstatic guy greet the young women	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boys that criticize the ecstatic teacher encourage the large fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that discourage the huge athlete know the young farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that discourage the joyful poet inspire the small kids	plural	singular	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that discourage the little poet inspire the big women	plural	singular	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that discourage the small singer admire the little mothers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that discourage the young uncle confuse the happy lawyers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that discourage the happy victim stimulate the small kids	plural	singular	plural	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that encourage the old athlete remember the huge farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that encourage the ecstatic friend observe the joyful uncles	plural	singular	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that encourage the huge lawyer discourage the happy victims	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that encourage the big uncle greet the happy teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that engage the joyful farmer observe the small lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that engage the happy father remember the joyful lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large boys that engage the young kid discourage the little mothers	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that engage the sad uncle encourage the miserable poets	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large boys that engage the young woman confuse the old teachers	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boys that greet the small aunt avoid the ecstatic athletes	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that greet the happy aunt avoid the tiny teachers	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boys that greet the sad father avoid the ecstatic friends	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that greet the small friend discourage the big victims	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that inspire the big aunt greet the little mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large boys that inspire the happy man criticize the small singers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that know the sad doctor inspire the ecstatic athletes	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that know the joyful guy discourage the young athletes	plural	singular	plural	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that know the joyful kid avoid the tiny guys	plural	singular	plural	knows	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boys that know the large poet encourage the happy carpenters	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boys that know the large singer admire the little victims	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large boys that observe the small poet confuse the little women	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young boys that remember the big farmer confuse the large men	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that remember the huge father observe the large mothers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large boys that stimulate the young aunt avoid the miserable lawyers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small boys that stimulate the little guy discourage the joyful kids	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that stimulate the happy victim remember the big doctors	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young boys that understand the tiny farmer criticize the little fathers	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boys that understand the huge farmer greet the sad carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that understand the happy father avoid the old friends	plural	singular	plural	understands	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The old boys that understand the happy father inspire the small girls	plural	singular	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that understand the old father observe the big doctors	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old boys that understand the little friend encourage the tiny victims	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boys that understand the miserable friend know the ecstatic fathers	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that understand the sad guy remember the old victims	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that admire the sad farmer encourage the tiny kids	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that admire the sad father discourage the miserable athletes	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that admire the sad father inspire the huge aunts	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that approve the huge kid stimulate the ecstatic guys	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that approve the joyful lawyer know the little doctors	plural	singular	plural	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that approve the ecstatic teacher engage the young kids	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that avoid the joyful friend greet the happy doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that avoid the big kid greet the small teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that confuse the old kid know the happy mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that confuse the large mother avoid the joyful kids	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that confuse the young uncle understand the joyful teachers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that confuse the old woman observe the small teachers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that criticize the miserable uncle observe the ecstatic teachers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that discourage the huge mother remember the little boys	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that encourage the ecstatic girl discourage the young teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that encourage the huge singer admire the large poets	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that engage the tiny boy discourage the miserable guys	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that engage the small girl stimulate the large athletes	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that engage the tiny victim observe the miserable teachers	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that greet the joyful doctor confuse the young uncles	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that greet the tiny friend avoid the large poets	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that greet the large guy inspire the happy boys	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that greet the young teacher confuse the sad athletes	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that greet the joyful teacher confuse the sad girls	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that inspire the miserable athlete criticize the happy men	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that inspire the huge boy understand the sad poets	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that inspire the old doctor avoid the sad farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that inspire the small farmer engage the young girls	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that inspire the old guy criticize the tiny uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that inspire the miserable lawyer criticize the ecstatic guys	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that inspire the old mother criticize the happy athletes	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that inspire the young uncle understand the happy teachers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that know the large friend discourage the little farmers	plural	singular	plural	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that observe the big aunt confuse the small friends	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that observe the little doctor greet the big lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that observe the ecstatic guy engage the joyful doctors	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that observe the small mother know the ecstatic doctors	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that observe the small teacher avoid the sad singers	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that remember the ecstatic athlete approve the big guys	plural	singular	plural	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that stimulate the happy athlete avoid the small farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that stimulate the large kid encourage the tiny doctors	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that stimulate the big lawyer engage the large victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that stimulate the large poet remember the ecstatic farmers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that understand the little athlete avoid the small aunts	plural	singular	plural	understands	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that understand the big farmer admire the old teachers	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that admire the huge friend greet the ecstatic kids	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that admire the miserable poet confuse the happy victims	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that approve the joyful athlete understand the young carpenters	plural	singular	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that approve the young kid confuse the miserable lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctors that approve the joyful singer engage the huge fathers	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctors that approve the young singer inspire the large guys	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that approve the young victim avoid the tiny guys	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that avoid the happy lawyer admire the sad friends	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that avoid the small man observe the old friends	plural	singular	plural	avoids	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that confuse the big athlete approve the young mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that confuse the ecstatic aunt avoid the big athletes	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that confuse the large boy remember the tiny farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctors that confuse the tiny carpenter engage the little women	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that confuse the small father stimulate the old farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that confuse the ecstatic kid criticize the tiny boys	plural	singular	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that criticize the large athlete admire the ecstatic carpenters	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that criticize the little father engage the joyful singers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that criticize the happy father inspire the sad women	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that discourage the small athlete greet the old fathers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctors that discourage the large father remember the ecstatic guys	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that discourage the tiny poet admire the young kids	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that discourage the sad victim admire the large carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctors that encourage the huge carpenter engage the little lawyers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that encourage the huge farmer greet the sad victims	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that encourage the happy man observe the joyful friends	plural	singular	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that engage the small carpenter inspire the old uncles	plural	singular	plural	engages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that engage the small guy greet the big poets	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that engage the young lawyer greet the joyful friends	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctors that engage the happy lawyer understand the huge mothers	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that engage the huge mother encourage the large fathers	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that engage the huge poet criticize the happy carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctors that engage the old poet encourage the ecstatic singers	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctors that engage the large uncle encourage the huge mothers	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that engage the young victim observe the joyful aunts	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that greet the happy athlete approve the ecstatic aunts	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that greet the big aunt confuse the little carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that greet the huge guy avoid the ecstatic uncles	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that greet the old man admire the sad boys	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that greet the large teacher engage the little farmers	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that greet the large teacher observe the ecstatic girls	plural	singular	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctors that inspire the large lawyer discourage the ecstatic uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that know the tiny kid understand the ecstatic singers	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that know the tiny uncle encourage the young men	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that observe the sad carpenter inspire the big farmers	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctors that observe the ecstatic farmer approve the young victims	plural	singular	plural	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that observe the joyful lawyer approve the big friends	plural	singular	plural	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that remember the large farmer encourage the miserable mothers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that remember the little lawyer greet the old victims	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that remember the big teacher know the little women	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that stimulate the ecstatic boy avoid the little athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that stimulate the young friend avoid the miserable guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctors that understand the big aunt admire the large singers	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that understand the tiny lawyer stimulate the big mothers	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that understand the tiny singer admire the sad mothers	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that admire the big friend confuse the ecstatic singers	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmers that approve the happy carpenter observe the small girls	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that approve the young mother discourage the ecstatic friends	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmers that avoid the old aunt admire the huge doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmers that avoid the huge carpenter greet the small doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that avoid the young man approve the ecstatic athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoids	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that avoid the young mother admire the tiny guys	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that confuse the small doctor discourage the tiny men	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that confuse the sad friend know the large boys	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that confuse the big man criticize the little singers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmers that confuse the happy singer observe the huge lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmers that criticize the sad athlete remember the old singers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmers that criticize the small aunt observe the little athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that criticize the huge boy discourage the ecstatic victims	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that criticize the sad victim greet the ecstatic mothers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that criticize the joyful woman engage the large doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that discourage the large boy greet the happy fathers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that discourage the ecstatic girl avoid the joyful poets	plural	singular	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that discourage the joyful singer encourage the big athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that engage the little aunt criticize the young men	plural	singular	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that engage the huge victim stimulate the small women	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that greet the miserable guy observe the large aunts	plural	singular	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmers that greet the tiny poet know the little women	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that greet the huge victim confuse the tiny poets	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmers that inspire the tiny guy remember the joyful boys	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmers that inspire the large kid observe the happy boys	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that inspire the large singer understand the ecstatic guys	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that inspire the tiny uncle know the large girls	plural	singular	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that know the tiny athlete stimulate the miserable doctors	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that know the happy aunt admire the huge kids	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmers that know the huge boy criticize the miserable girls	plural	singular	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmers that know the young friend stimulate the miserable men	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmers that know the small mother discourage the big fathers	plural	singular	plural	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that know the ecstatic poet observe the huge friends	plural	singular	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmers that know the ecstatic uncle avoid the young boys	plural	singular	plural	knows	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that know the tiny victim approve the big doctors	plural	singular	plural	knows	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that observe the happy girl avoid the young fathers	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that remember the small girl stimulate the miserable lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that stimulate the big aunt know the little kids	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that stimulate the large father know the ecstatic mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that stimulate the large kid know the huge singers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that stimulate the young singer know the miserable aunts	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that understand the small aunt inspire the young mothers	plural	singular	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that understand the ecstatic doctor greet the old aunts	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that understand the huge teacher encourage the young women	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that understand the happy uncle stimulate the tiny singers	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that approve the big boy engage the ecstatic men	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small fathers that approve the joyful doctor know the huge guys	plural	singular	plural	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that approve the huge girl confuse the old men	plural	singular	plural	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small fathers that approve the old poet inspire the ecstatic teachers	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that approve the big poet observe the little lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that approve the young singer discourage the large victims	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big fathers that approve the large victim admire the sad men	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that approve the big victim admire the happy singers	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that approve the huge woman avoid the sad aunts	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that confuse the old athlete greet the joyful victims	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that confuse the huge boy discourage the old athletes	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that confuse the ecstatic farmer observe the small victims	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that confuse the big guy encourage the ecstatic mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that criticize the big boy know the huge mothers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big fathers that criticize the young friend remember the ecstatic athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that criticize the joyful kid admire the ecstatic farmers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small fathers that criticize the miserable woman stimulate the happy friends	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that discourage the large boy remember the tiny athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that discourage the sad mother understand the large boys	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that discourage the large woman know the huge doctors	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small fathers that encourage the large carpenter confuse the miserable singers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The big fathers that encourage the old carpenter discourage the sad doctors	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that encourage the joyful lawyer know the small teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that encourage the small mother know the sad poets	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that engage the miserable boy avoid the little kids	plural	singular	plural	engages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that engage the large girl observe the old carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that engage the young victim confuse the small carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small fathers that greet the big athlete admire the sad boys	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that greet the miserable doctor confuse the large lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The large fathers that greet the happy kid confuse the young mothers	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old fathers that inspire the tiny girl avoid the little doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that inspire the miserable singer approve the small athletes	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old fathers that inspire the joyful teacher engage the tiny kids	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that inspire the happy teacher observe the sad women	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big fathers that inspire the tiny victim approve the small mothers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that know the sad poet criticize the small farmers	plural	singular	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that know the joyful poet encourage the happy guys	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that know the little singer engage the happy farmers	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small fathers that observe the young athlete engage the miserable mothers	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that observe the happy farmer remember the sad uncles	plural	singular	plural	observes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that observe the little lawyer stimulate the old kids	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big fathers that observe the tiny teacher confuse the joyful singers	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that observe the little woman criticize the small kids	plural	singular	plural	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that remember the little uncle admire the old victims	plural	singular	plural	remembers	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that stimulate the ecstatic athlete discourage the small guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that stimulate the little lawyer observe the miserable guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that understand the big athlete greet the large poets	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that understand the tiny girl stimulate the happy men	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large fathers that understand the young kid inspire the little carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that understand the sad singer confuse the old uncles	plural	singular	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that understand the young teacher admire the sad girls	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The old fathers that understand the little teacher encourage the ecstatic friends	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that admire the tiny boy inspire the sad teachers	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that admire the happy carpenter observe the old victims	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that admire the huge doctor discourage the big teachers	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that admire the old farmer observe the large doctors	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that admire the big mother greet the tiny poets	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that approve the little athlete know the tiny kids	plural	singular	plural	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that approve the happy woman discourage the big fathers	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little friends that avoid the small kid stimulate the huge boys	plural	singular	plural	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that avoid the tiny teacher admire the miserable singers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that confuse the miserable carpenter observe the tiny lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old friends that confuse the big girl stimulate the huge carpenters	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that confuse the joyful guy understand the small singers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that criticize the ecstatic kid discourage the little lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friends that criticize the tiny uncle know the joyful lawyers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little friends that discourage the sad doctor understand the small girls	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that discourage the young poet encourage the big mothers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that discourage the large victim avoid the big athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The old friends that encourage the little farmer confuse the happy victims	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that encourage the happy farmer understand the big carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that encourage the tiny father remember the big guys	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that encourage the small girl confuse the little women	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that engage the big uncle observe the ecstatic men	plural	singular	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that greet the joyful farmer know the small carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large friends that greet the sad father discourage the old women	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that greet the large poet discourage the miserable men	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that greet the ecstatic teacher understand the tiny women	plural	singular	plural	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that inspire the miserable aunt discourage the tiny fathers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that inspire the sad aunt encourage the tiny girls	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large friends that inspire the joyful poet observe the old fathers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that know the big boy greet the tiny uncles	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that know the huge doctor avoid the sad kids	plural	singular	plural	knows	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that know the happy father understand the miserable teachers	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that know the little girl confuse the miserable athletes	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that know the old kid encourage the large athletes	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that know the ecstatic poet discourage the young farmers	plural	singular	plural	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that know the miserable singer stimulate the sad lawyers	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that know the tiny teacher avoid the joyful carpenters	plural	singular	plural	knows	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that know the ecstatic uncle admire the large aunts	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friends that know the large woman confuse the old teachers	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that observe the ecstatic doctor stimulate the sad uncles	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that observe the miserable lawyer avoid the big poets	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large friends that observe the miserable woman know the young fathers	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that remember the old girl approve the sad teachers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that remember the ecstatic man approve the miserable doctors	plural	singular	plural	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old friends that remember the happy singer discourage the ecstatic athletes	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little friends that stimulate the old lawyer understand the big victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friends that stimulate the miserable man approve the happy fathers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that stimulate the large mother understand the small athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that stimulate the huge teacher encourage the happy aunts	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large friends that understand the big athlete greet the happy aunts	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that understand the old aunt greet the ecstatic uncles	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little friends that understand the tiny boy greet the sad mothers	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that understand the ecstatic carpenter confuse the joyful athletes	plural	singular	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that understand the joyful farmer remember the large victims	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that understand the big man know the sad doctors	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large friends that understand the happy teacher greet the sad girls	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large friends that understand the old teacher know the joyful guys	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that admire the large aunt remember the big singers	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The old girls that admire the ecstatic father know the young victims	plural	singular	plural	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that admire the huge singer understand the small farmers	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old girls that admire the small woman observe the happy mothers	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that approve the huge guy remember the big lawyers	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young girls that approve the small man admire the sad uncles	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large girls that avoid the small aunt greet the young mothers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that avoid the little carpenter inspire the happy teachers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that avoid the tiny singer inspire the miserable men	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old girls that avoid the miserable teacher know the young women	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that avoid the old victim stimulate the young fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little girls that confuse the tiny friend remember the joyful guys	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girls that confuse the small man engage the miserable fathers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that criticize the large athlete encourage the little victims	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that criticize the little father remember the small victims	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that criticize the young guy encourage the sad doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old girls that criticize the huge poet approve the young aunts	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that criticize the ecstatic poet greet the old teachers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that criticize the large uncle discourage the small aunts	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that discourage the ecstatic teacher engage the young farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that encourage the big uncle inspire the sad singers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large girls that engage the little father avoid the old doctors	plural	singular	plural	engages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small girls that engage the joyful uncle encourage the large boys	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young girls that inspire the tiny woman encourage the large men	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small girls that know the big guy observe the large fathers	plural	singular	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large girls that know the old man approve the sad farmers	plural	singular	plural	knows	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that know the ecstatic poet engage the happy athletes	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young girls that know the sad victim observe the small guys	plural	singular	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that observe the happy athlete encourage the large poets	plural	singular	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that observe the young carpenter confuse the tiny victims	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that observe the sad lawyer inspire the young poets	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The young girls that observe the old man discourage the miserable kids	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that remember the ecstatic boy stimulate the huge women	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that remember the old carpenter discourage the huge poets	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that remember the young father engage the joyful lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small girls that remember the large victim stimulate the young friends	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girls that stimulate the big farmer confuse the ecstatic poets	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that stimulate the big father inspire the small aunts	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large girls that stimulate the tiny singer avoid the ecstatic guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The young girls that stimulate the tiny uncle encourage the happy carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that understand the old athlete inspire the happy uncles	plural	singular	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old girls that understand the huge teacher discourage the large fathers	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that admire the young carpenter understand the large fathers	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that admire the little father stimulate the sad uncles	plural	singular	plural	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that admire the big poet discourage the tiny singers	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that admire the big teacher know the old singers	plural	singular	plural	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big guys that admire the joyful victim inspire the little poets	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that approve the tiny doctor greet the little men	plural	singular	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that approve the large farmer discourage the ecstatic teachers	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that approve the young father confuse the joyful friends	plural	singular	plural	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that approve the large uncle know the tiny friends	plural	singular	plural	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guys that approve the small uncle stimulate the miserable women	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big guys that avoid the huge athlete confuse the small kids	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guys that avoid the small farmer discourage the huge doctors	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that avoid the young victim confuse the happy aunts	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that criticize the small girl stimulate the sad doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that discourage the huge carpenter understand the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that discourage the small uncle encourage the old carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that encourage the huge athlete confuse the ecstatic friends	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that encourage the tiny farmer criticize the huge teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that encourage the small friend greet the miserable singers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that encourage the little singer understand the miserable men	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that engage the tiny boy remember the ecstatic mothers	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that engage the big lawyer criticize the little victims	plural	singular	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large guys that engage the old singer discourage the joyful boys	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that greet the large carpenter avoid the joyful teachers	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that greet the small friend engage the miserable kids	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guys that greet the young kid admire the miserable mothers	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that greet the miserable mother admire the large victims	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guys that inspire the little girl admire the young farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that inspire the ecstatic lawyer criticize the huge uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that inspire the miserable singer greet the large friends	plural	singular	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that inspire the sad woman admire the small uncles	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that know the big kid remember the large girls	plural	singular	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that know the large poet stimulate the little carpenters	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that observe the big kid avoid the sad singers	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guys that observe the old uncle stimulate the big farmers	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large guys that observe the joyful victim encourage the big uncles	plural	singular	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that observe the sad woman admire the tiny farmers	plural	singular	plural	observes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that remember the young boy encourage the large aunts	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big guys that remember the young boy greet the happy girls	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that remember the sad kid know the old doctors	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large guys that remember the huge uncle encourage the joyful teachers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little guys that stimulate the huge kid remember the joyful victims	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that stimulate the young singer understand the ecstatic men	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guys that stimulate the tiny uncle confuse the small teachers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The large guys that stimulate the happy uncle greet the tiny girls	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that stimulate the tiny victim engage the little girls	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The large guys that understand the sad boy encourage the young kids	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guys that understand the tiny carpenter engage the small uncles	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guys that understand the joyful singer know the miserable teachers	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that understand the young victim remember the small fathers	plural	singular	plural	understands	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that understand the huge woman avoid the big farmers	plural	singular	plural	understands	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that admire the sad carpenter greet the huge singers	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that admire the miserable man remember the old fathers	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that approve the little aunt avoid the joyful women	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that approve the sad carpenter encourage the large poets	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that approve the happy father admire the old guys	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kids that approve the big guy inspire the small friends	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that avoid the large athlete confuse the ecstatic girls	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kids that avoid the large boy inspire the ecstatic victims	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kids that avoid the little farmer encourage the miserable singers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big kids that avoid the sad singer greet the young poets	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that confuse the joyful athlete observe the old victims	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that confuse the old aunt understand the large singers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kids that confuse the big man observe the ecstatic mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that criticize the sad father greet the miserable teachers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little kids that criticize the big woman confuse the joyful uncles	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kids that discourage the little girl understand the joyful farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that discourage the little lawyer observe the huge girls	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that discourage the old uncle know the large carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that encourage the small father discourage the ecstatic men	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little kids that engage the big aunt greet the young men	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that engage the large carpenter approve the old lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that engage the sad guy approve the old mothers	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that engage the huge teacher confuse the big boys	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that engage the huge victim confuse the miserable teachers	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that greet the small aunt understand the miserable singers	plural	singular	plural	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that greet the big farmer observe the old guys	plural	singular	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little kids that greet the big woman avoid the old teachers	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big kids that inspire the happy aunt criticize the little boys	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that inspire the happy carpenter greet the sad farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little kids that inspire the old farmer discourage the ecstatic boys	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that inspire the joyful uncle observe the big poets	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that inspire the old victim observe the big guys	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little kids that know the ecstatic athlete criticize the joyful poets	plural	singular	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kids that know the miserable athlete remember the ecstatic men	plural	singular	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that know the big friend discourage the tiny uncles	plural	singular	plural	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that know the old uncle admire the big victims	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kids that observe the big athlete understand the ecstatic fathers	plural	singular	plural	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kids that observe the small teacher encourage the tiny poets	plural	singular	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that remember the old boy greet the happy guys	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that remember the huge friend approve the sad singers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kids that remember the happy singer greet the miserable lawyers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that stimulate the large guy understand the happy girls	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kids that stimulate the small lawyer confuse the old singers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kids that understand the sad carpenter encourage the happy singers	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old kids that understand the tiny poet admire the huge mothers	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that admire the large boy encourage the little girls	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that admire the sad kid greet the joyful teachers	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that admire the large singer inspire the happy guys	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that approve the young man encourage the joyful poets	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that approve the old uncle avoid the tiny teachers	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that confuse the big doctor avoid the joyful boys	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that confuse the miserable friend admire the joyful farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that confuse the joyful guy greet the ecstatic uncles	plural	singular	plural	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that confuse the ecstatic victim discourage the large mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that criticize the little aunt observe the small guys	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that criticize the little woman admire the large guys	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that discourage the big father remember the happy teachers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that discourage the sad friend confuse the huge farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that discourage the miserable girl criticize the small carpenters	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that encourage the big guy greet the sad victims	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that encourage the huge singer approve the young doctors	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that engage the large aunt admire the big girls	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that engage the huge doctor approve the young aunts	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that engage the big kid remember the ecstatic fathers	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that engage the big woman admire the sad farmers	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that engage the young woman understand the old boys	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that greet the little farmer avoid the joyful doctors	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that greet the ecstatic farmer engage the large boys	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that inspire the happy doctor approve the joyful athletes	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that inspire the tiny guy criticize the large athletes	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that inspire the sad man understand the ecstatic carpenters	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that inspire the young teacher stimulate the ecstatic friends	plural	singular	plural	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that know the ecstatic doctor encourage the joyful fathers	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that know the huge friend remember the little men	plural	singular	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that know the ecstatic friend remember the small singers	plural	singular	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that observe the small carpenter engage the young singers	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that observe the tiny father know the large boys	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that observe the large father stimulate the big guys	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that observe the sad friend remember the little teachers	plural	singular	plural	observes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that observe the big kid discourage the ecstatic friends	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that observe the old poet avoid the young uncles	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that remember the big athlete criticize the small guys	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that remember the sad athlete greet the large aunts	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that remember the huge guy criticize the ecstatic victims	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that remember the big kid discourage the sad mothers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that remember the tiny mother know the ecstatic athletes	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that remember the large uncle criticize the old doctors	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that stimulate the small father engage the old boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that stimulate the little victim engage the joyful athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that stimulate the old woman approve the sad doctors	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that understand the little athlete discourage the happy guys	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that understand the sad father observe the ecstatic victims	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that understand the miserable girl observe the joyful men	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that understand the big mother discourage the tiny aunts	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that understand the small poet encourage the miserable singers	plural	singular	plural	understands	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that admire the young athlete know the joyful aunts	plural	singular	plural	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad men that admire the old farmer criticize the huge women	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that approve the ecstatic lawyer encourage the big victims	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny men that approve the sad victim stimulate the huge teachers	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable men that avoid the young athlete criticize the big uncles	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small men that avoid the miserable athlete inspire the happy kids	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large men that avoid the big boy greet the small farmers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that avoid the ecstatic uncle criticize the sad mothers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy men that avoid the old woman inspire the small girls	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that confuse the sad athlete stimulate the miserable fathers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that confuse the sad boy know the young fathers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that confuse the joyful friend know the young athletes	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that confuse the young guy approve the joyful farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big men that criticize the small athlete approve the ecstatic aunts	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that criticize the tiny athlete confuse the large women	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small men that criticize the sad athlete inspire the little victims	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that criticize the sad aunt greet the little kids	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that criticize the huge guy approve the little athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that criticize the young teacher confuse the tiny boys	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy men that criticize the tiny woman admire the miserable girls	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny men that discourage the ecstatic athlete confuse the joyful poets	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that discourage the old athlete engage the young friends	plural	singular	plural	discourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny men that discourage the huge athlete greet the old mothers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The young men that discourage the sad father stimulate the happy athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that discourage the huge friend encourage the old boys	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy men that discourage the big poet engage the miserable boys	plural	singular	plural	discourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable men that encourage the happy farmer admire the joyful athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that encourage the little guy greet the sad fathers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad men that encourage the happy poet know the huge singers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small men that encourage the miserable poet observe the big boys	plural	singular	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny men that engage the large carpenter stimulate the sad victims	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad men that engage the tiny uncle understand the large athletes	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that engage the happy uncle understand the small girls	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The large men that engage the small woman confuse the tiny carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that greet the little aunt know the young guys	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big men that greet the happy carpenter inspire the sad athletes	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The young men that greet the large guy admire the little victims	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable men that greet the large poet approve the big teachers	plural	singular	plural	greets	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy men that greet the large uncle remember the huge kids	plural	singular	plural	greets	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that greet the happy victim discourage the miserable fathers	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that greet the sad victim understand the happy carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny men that inspire the sad boy greet the miserable teachers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big men that inspire the sad mother know the huge athletes	plural	singular	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that know the small doctor avoid the little mothers	plural	singular	plural	knows	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that know the tiny doctor understand the sad women	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The happy men that know the huge farmer engage the joyful guys	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small men that know the large girl admire the old athletes	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny men that know the ecstatic poet stimulate the small aunts	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large men that know the big woman encourage the huge uncles	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young men that observe the huge father approve the little aunts	plural	singular	plural	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that observe the small guy know the old friends	plural	singular	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that remember the large doctor know the sad kids	plural	singular	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big men that remember the large teacher stimulate the little singers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small men that remember the tiny uncle stimulate the old boys	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big men that remember the miserable woman admire the happy girls	plural	singular	plural	remembers	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that stimulate the happy kid avoid the tiny guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that stimulate the ecstatic woman greet the tiny fathers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that understand the tiny singer discourage the old lawyers	plural	singular	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy men that understand the tiny uncle greet the joyful friends	plural	singular	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that admire the young athlete discourage the joyful women	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that admire the big athlete remember the happy girls	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that admire the ecstatic girl confuse the joyful poets	plural	singular	plural	admires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that admire the tiny teacher encourage the miserable kids	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that admire the big victim greet the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	admires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that admire the miserable victim remember the large kids	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that approve the huge girl avoid the young farmers	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that approve the young lawyer stimulate the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that approve the ecstatic poet discourage the big fathers	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that approve the old teacher stimulate the little doctors	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that approve the large victim understand the tiny friends	plural	singular	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that avoid the tiny farmer observe the large athletes	plural	singular	plural	avoids	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that avoid the small friend inspire the ecstatic victims	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The small mothers that confuse the tiny friend encourage the huge victims	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that confuse the young girl admire the ecstatic doctors	plural	singular	plural	confuses	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that confuse the small guy engage the happy boys	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that confuse the large lawyer encourage the ecstatic teachers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that confuse the small teacher approve the sad singers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that criticize the miserable farmer admire the joyful doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that criticize the sad father encourage the small women	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that criticize the little lawyer understand the miserable kids	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that criticize the ecstatic teacher encourage the huge poets	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that discourage the little doctor remember the miserable uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that discourage the ecstatic guy criticize the huge singers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that encourage the huge carpenter engage the happy friends	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that encourage the old farmer confuse the happy men	plural	singular	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The big mothers that encourage the large man discourage the huge poets	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that encourage the happy singer approve the huge kids	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that engage the huge boy encourage the ecstatic uncles	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that engage the young carpenter stimulate the huge boys	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that engage the huge teacher understand the big women	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The big mothers that engage the huge uncle greet the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that greet the little farmer discourage the young doctors	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that greet the happy father confuse the huge aunts	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that greet the old girl understand the young women	plural	singular	plural	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young mothers that greet the old kid stimulate the miserable lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young mothers that greet the large uncle stimulate the tiny victims	plural	singular	plural	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small mothers that inspire the joyful boy criticize the tiny victims	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that inspire the joyful singer observe the young fathers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that inspire the happy victim admire the tiny friends	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small mothers that know the joyful athlete criticize the huge farmers	plural	singular	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that know the ecstatic boy approve the young women	plural	singular	plural	knows	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that know the happy doctor engage the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big mothers that know the tiny girl criticize the young uncles	plural	singular	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that know the young uncle admire the happy carpenters	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that observe the young boy confuse the huge uncles	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that remember the huge lawyer confuse the young kids	plural	singular	plural	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that remember the happy lawyer criticize the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that remember the happy poet observe the young farmers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that remember the miserable victim inspire the sad doctors	plural	singular	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that stimulate the large carpenter avoid the small athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that stimulate the small farmer remember the old women	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that stimulate the large kid discourage the old singers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that stimulate the big lawyer approve the miserable aunts	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that understand the happy athlete avoid the small friends	plural	singular	plural	understands	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that understand the large athlete criticize the little boys	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that understand the tiny teacher approve the huge guys	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that admire the large father observe the joyful women	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that admire the joyful teacher encourage the tiny mothers	plural	singular	plural	admires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that approve the huge kid engage the happy guys	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old poets that approve the small singer engage the young victims	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that approve the happy singer greet the small aunts	plural	singular	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that avoid the joyful friend stimulate the huge boys	plural	singular	plural	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that avoid the large kid discourage the ecstatic aunts	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that avoid the large teacher discourage the sad boys	plural	singular	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old poets that avoid the sad victim inspire the young lawyers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that confuse the tiny carpenter discourage the big singers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that confuse the ecstatic doctor observe the huge guys	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that confuse the small father avoid the tiny aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poets that confuse the large girl avoid the young lawyers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that confuse the sad uncle discourage the huge aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that criticize the big lawyer avoid the ecstatic kids	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poets that criticize the little uncle observe the large singers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that criticize the ecstatic woman avoid the big carpenters	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that criticize the huge woman observe the young athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that discourage the ecstatic kid confuse the happy teachers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poets that discourage the ecstatic mother observe the happy fathers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poets that encourage the little mother understand the big athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that encourage the joyful singer approve the sad doctors	plural	singular	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that engage the huge girl avoid the big lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that engage the large lawyer admire the big boys	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that greet the sad athlete admire the old men	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that greet the tiny father observe the happy teachers	plural	singular	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that greet the big guy stimulate the young lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small poets that greet the young uncle confuse the happy carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poets that greet the little victim know the sad fathers	plural	singular	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that inspire the sad aunt approve the young fathers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that inspire the huge friend remember the ecstatic women	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that inspire the miserable girl avoid the huge fathers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big poets that inspire the happy guy criticize the old kids	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poets that inspire the ecstatic kid encourage the small friends	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small poets that inspire the large uncle understand the huge women	plural	singular	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small poets that observe the miserable aunt discourage the young athletes	plural	singular	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poets that observe the little boy stimulate the miserable victims	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that observe the small carpenter criticize the joyful kids	plural	singular	plural	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The big poets that observe the joyful doctor stimulate the young aunts	plural	singular	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The old poets that observe the young friend inspire the joyful singers	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big poets that observe the little kid confuse the miserable carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that remember the sad farmer stimulate the big singers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small poets that remember the miserable kid approve the happy girls	plural	singular	plural	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that stimulate the old father inspire the tiny doctors	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that stimulate the young lawyer admire the small singers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that stimulate the ecstatic lawyer confuse the small teachers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old poets that stimulate the young singer encourage the tiny carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that stimulate the little teacher encourage the tiny kids	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small poets that understand the big athlete engage the sad farmers	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poets that understand the ecstatic carpenter know the large uncles	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poets that understand the small man approve the ecstatic friends	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little singers that admire the small lawyer approve the big men	plural	singular	plural	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big singers that admire the sad mother engage the ecstatic men	plural	singular	plural	admires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singers that admire the large mother inspire the joyful girls	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that admire the little mother remember the big uncles	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that admire the small uncle understand the happy aunts	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that approve the big aunt remember the happy friends	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small singers that confuse the happy poet remember the large boys	plural	singular	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large singers that confuse the huge woman understand the small farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that criticize the sad aunt discourage the ecstatic men	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big singers that criticize the tiny uncle discourage the small guys	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that criticize the big uncle encourage the happy doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that criticize the old woman know the miserable aunts	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that discourage the large athlete stimulate the joyful aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big singers that discourage the ecstatic lawyer inspire the huge fathers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large singers that encourage the ecstatic athlete engage the happy men	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big singers that encourage the old carpenter admire the tiny women	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singers that encourage the young father criticize the joyful friends	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singers that encourage the joyful girl criticize the young women	plural	singular	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singers that encourage the tiny lawyer understand the little poets	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that encourage the ecstatic poet discourage the miserable kids	plural	singular	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old singers that engage the sad boy avoid the big guys	plural	singular	plural	engages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that engage the miserable farmer approve the joyful athletes	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big singers that engage the huge friend discourage the joyful doctors	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that engage the small man approve the sad doctors	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that engage the joyful mother greet the tiny lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that greet the joyful boy understand the large fathers	plural	singular	plural	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singers that greet the small doctor encourage the old teachers	plural	singular	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that greet the large farmer confuse the huge girls	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old singers that inspire the big carpenter approve the joyful boys	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little singers that inspire the sad girl confuse the small teachers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that inspire the joyful man criticize the little women	plural	singular	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old singers that inspire the little victim discourage the miserable guys	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that know the miserable kid confuse the joyful women	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that observe the old boy greet the young kids	plural	singular	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that observe the huge boy understand the little friends	plural	singular	plural	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that observe the small lawyer criticize the huge friends	plural	singular	plural	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large singers that remember the happy doctor observe the young victims	plural	singular	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that remember the old girl engage the little poets	plural	singular	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that stimulate the ecstatic doctor understand the large athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that stimulate the old father discourage the sad carpenters	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that stimulate the joyful girl avoid the young poets	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big singers that understand the young athlete engage the tiny poets	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small singers that understand the big aunt observe the ecstatic kids	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that understand the big doctor know the ecstatic fathers	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big singers that understand the sad poet approve the little friends	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old teachers that admire the young boy engage the ecstatic women	plural	singular	plural	admires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that admire the sad father criticize the little singers	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young teachers that admire the ecstatic father know the sad friends	plural	singular	plural	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young teachers that admire the old woman observe the happy doctors	plural	singular	plural	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that approve the large boy admire the happy victims	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that approve the joyful girl inspire the miserable uncles	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old teachers that approve the happy guy inspire the little uncles	plural	singular	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old teachers that approve the huge lawyer discourage the small poets	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that approve the small man greet the miserable victims	plural	singular	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that approve the miserable poet encourage the huge guys	plural	singular	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that avoid the sad guy admire the young carpenters	plural	singular	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that confuse the big athlete stimulate the ecstatic aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that confuse the huge boy stimulate the joyful friends	plural	singular	plural	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that confuse the big carpenter know the joyful athletes	plural	singular	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that confuse the sad guy encourage the large victims	plural	singular	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big teachers that confuse the huge lawyer inspire the sad guys	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that confuse the joyful uncle engage the happy athletes	plural	singular	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small teachers that confuse the old victim discourage the tiny friends	plural	singular	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that criticize the tiny friend avoid the ecstatic boys	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that criticize the big girl know the ecstatic women	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that criticize the young guy inspire the tiny boys	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that criticize the tiny kid encourage the joyful fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that criticize the joyful woman discourage the old girls	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that discourage the sad guy observe the young boys	plural	singular	plural	discourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that discourage the huge uncle understand the old girls	plural	singular	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that discourage the large victim approve the joyful guys	plural	singular	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that encourage the large singer admire the huge athletes	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that engage the happy boy admire the tiny aunts	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that engage the big friend stimulate the happy boys	plural	singular	plural	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that engage the little lawyer discourage the ecstatic farmers	plural	singular	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big teachers that engage the sad woman understand the tiny lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that greet the happy friend avoid the old boys	plural	singular	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that greet the miserable friend criticize the happy lawyers	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that greet the large girl engage the old aunts	plural	singular	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that greet the large woman inspire the big girls	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that inspire the large aunt admire the little poets	plural	singular	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that inspire the happy girl approve the little singers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that inspire the huge girl encourage the old men	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that inspire the tiny man discourage the joyful doctors	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that inspire the old poet encourage the big carpenters	plural	singular	plural	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that know the ecstatic aunt stimulate the sad uncles	plural	singular	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that know the happy carpenter admire the large singers	plural	singular	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that know the tiny friend engage the ecstatic aunts	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that know the sad friend remember the large women	plural	singular	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that observe the young aunt approve the tiny farmers	plural	singular	plural	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that observe the big farmer avoid the sad women	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that observe the small poet criticize the tiny victims	plural	singular	plural	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that remember the big aunt discourage the large kids	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that remember the tiny man admire the big poets	plural	singular	plural	remembers	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that stimulate the miserable athlete encourage the small men	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that stimulate the huge friend remember the ecstatic mothers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young teachers that stimulate the large girl criticize the sad men	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that stimulate the happy kid inspire the little poets	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that understand the small father admire the little carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that understand the old man stimulate the miserable women	plural	singular	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big teachers that understand the huge victim inspire the ecstatic aunts	plural	singular	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that understand the little victim observe the happy girls	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that admire the miserable carpenter criticize the large lawyers	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that admire the joyful woman discourage the miserable singers	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncles that approve the sad boy remember the ecstatic mothers	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that approve the old kid avoid the sad boys	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that approve the small kid avoid the old carpenters	plural	singular	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncles that approve the little mother observe the young women	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that avoid the small lawyer stimulate the miserable guys	plural	singular	plural	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that avoid the old victim confuse the big men	plural	singular	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that confuse the small guy approve the little singers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that confuse the ecstatic poet avoid the large mothers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that criticize the happy boy admire the ecstatic singers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncles that criticize the sad father discourage the joyful athletes	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncles that criticize the miserable poet confuse the ecstatic girls	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that criticize the sad victim confuse the huge doctors	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncles that criticize the huge woman remember the little girls	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that discourage the ecstatic carpenter know the tiny athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that discourage the happy girl engage the small victims	plural	singular	plural	discourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that discourage the little man confuse the old aunts	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that encourage the old boy avoid the joyful girls	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that encourage the ecstatic carpenter understand the small friends	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncles that encourage the little kid admire the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncles that encourage the ecstatic kid know the young guys	plural	singular	plural	encourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that encourage the old man understand the sad poets	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that encourage the young mother avoid the small fathers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncles that encourage the joyful poet engage the huge men	plural	singular	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that engage the miserable singer approve the happy victims	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that engage the tiny victim admire the old teachers	plural	singular	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that engage the large woman approve the ecstatic poets	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncles that engage the big woman encourage the young kids	plural	singular	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that greet the big athlete criticize the huge teachers	plural	singular	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that greet the ecstatic kid inspire the tiny doctors	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncles that inspire the miserable athlete discourage the large fathers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that inspire the small poet avoid the joyful lawyers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncles that know the sad aunt greet the old kids	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncles that know the miserable boy observe the joyful mothers	plural	singular	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that know the sad farmer inspire the huge lawyers	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that know the miserable father engage the ecstatic aunts	plural	singular	plural	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that know the big girl inspire the large victims	plural	singular	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that know the small teacher greet the little men	plural	singular	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncles that observe the miserable athlete greet the old kids	plural	singular	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that observe the old boy approve the joyful women	plural	singular	plural	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that remember the small doctor discourage the old singers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that remember the sad doctor greet the tiny boys	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that remember the happy farmer encourage the big carpenters	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncles that remember the big friend avoid the huge mothers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that remember the miserable singer encourage the large aunts	plural	singular	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncles that stimulate the young athlete admire the miserable boys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncles that stimulate the miserable athlete approve the old girls	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that stimulate the ecstatic boy know the little women	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that stimulate the small doctor inspire the little guys	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncles that stimulate the happy man observe the tiny girls	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncles that stimulate the huge man remember the tiny women	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncles that stimulate the big poet inspire the miserable lawyers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that stimulate the little woman understand the happy athletes	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that understand the old friend approve the little men	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that understand the large guy approve the old friends	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that understand the big kid approve the little carpenters	plural	singular	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that understand the ecstatic kid inspire the little victims	plural	singular	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that understand the sad mother engage the miserable farmers	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that understand the ecstatic woman criticize the happy poets	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large victims that admire the young man remember the little athletes	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The big victims that admire the tiny mother discourage the little singers	plural	singular	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large victims that approve the tiny girl criticize the huge mothers	plural	singular	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that approve the happy uncle stimulate the old carpenters	plural	singular	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that avoid the large friend observe the big guys	plural	singular	plural	avoids	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that avoid the ecstatic uncle know the large aunts	plural	singular	plural	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small victims that confuse the miserable man avoid the little singers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that criticize the sad athlete avoid the big fathers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small victims that criticize the big aunt confuse the sad carpenters	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that criticize the big farmer remember the small guys	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The big victims that criticize the sad mother stimulate the ecstatic farmers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that criticize the young singer confuse the sad mothers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victims that discourage the large boy criticize the big farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large victims that discourage the huge carpenter know the sad farmers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that discourage the huge farmer stimulate the big athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that discourage the small lawyer encourage the large teachers	plural	singular	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victims that discourage the ecstatic mother stimulate the large guys	plural	singular	plural	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little victims that encourage the joyful athlete stimulate the sad teachers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big victims that encourage the sad carpenter greet the huge women	plural	singular	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large victims that encourage the little kid remember the joyful doctors	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that encourage the little woman admire the large fathers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that engage the huge athlete approve the ecstatic friends	plural	singular	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big victims that engage the sad doctor criticize the happy carpenters	plural	singular	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that greet the joyful poet admire the old mothers	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victims that greet the small poet discourage the old women	plural	singular	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little victims that inspire the ecstatic carpenter discourage the big fathers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small victims that inspire the tiny doctor engage the huge teachers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that inspire the young farmer confuse the joyful kids	plural	singular	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old victims that know the tiny girl encourage the huge mothers	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big victims that know the little mother encourage the tiny doctors	plural	singular	plural	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victims that observe the small boy greet the miserable singers	plural	singular	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big victims that observe the happy farmer confuse the small poets	plural	singular	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that observe the sad father encourage the young mothers	plural	singular	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small victims that observe the large lawyer avoid the ecstatic carpenters	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The old victims that observe the small mother engage the tiny farmers	plural	singular	plural	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that observe the little woman remember the old lawyers	plural	singular	plural	observes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The little victims that remember the miserable girl approve the ecstatic singers	plural	singular	plural	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victims that remember the happy singer discourage the miserable men	plural	singular	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small victims that stimulate the ecstatic athlete encourage the big teachers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that understand the young doctor criticize the large aunts	plural	singular	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that understand the small father engage the miserable uncles	plural	singular	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victims that understand the happy father observe the ecstatic farmers	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that understand the joyful kid know the little lawyers	plural	singular	plural	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that admire the huge farmer criticize the old guys	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that admire the old farmer remember the little teachers	plural	singular	plural	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small women that admire the ecstatic girl understand the tiny teachers	plural	singular	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that admire the little guy criticize the large poets	plural	singular	plural	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young women that admire the miserable teacher inspire the ecstatic singers	plural	singular	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful women that approve the large doctor remember the little victims	plural	singular	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that approve the ecstatic friend observe the young teachers	plural	singular	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that approve the young girl discourage the big farmers	plural	singular	plural	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful women that approve the huge kid admire the large girls	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that approve the huge mother engage the old aunts	plural	singular	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young women that approve the joyful singer admire the happy uncles	plural	singular	plural	approves	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful women that avoid the huge aunt engage the happy fathers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young women that avoid the happy guy observe the small farmers	plural	singular	plural	avoids	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big women that avoid the tiny poet observe the miserable uncles	plural	singular	plural	avoids	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that confuse the old aunt inspire the huge fathers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that confuse the miserable man approve the small aunts	plural	singular	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that confuse the large mother criticize the sad farmers	plural	singular	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young women that confuse the joyful mother observe the small guys	plural	singular	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that criticize the sad aunt approve the little uncles	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable women that criticize the joyful carpenter approve the big mothers	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big women that criticize the small carpenter stimulate the large uncles	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that criticize the old girl remember the joyful kids	plural	singular	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that discourage the joyful aunt remember the huge athletes	plural	singular	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that discourage the big father know the young girls	plural	singular	plural	discourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that discourage the miserable friend stimulate the huge uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that discourage the big lawyer confuse the miserable uncles	plural	singular	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful women that encourage the happy boy understand the old carpenters	plural	singular	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that encourage the small father avoid the miserable singers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The huge women that encourage the young girl avoid the joyful fathers	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big women that encourage the sad man avoid the happy friends	plural	singular	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The huge women that encourage the ecstatic man remember the large girls	plural	singular	plural	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small women that engage the large carpenter avoid the young men	plural	singular	plural	engages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that engage the big farmer avoid the tiny teachers	plural	singular	plural	engages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that engage the miserable girl remember the ecstatic lawyers	plural	singular	plural	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that greet the huge boy remember the little men	plural	singular	plural	greets	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable women that greet the tiny father observe the big poets	plural	singular	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young women that greet the small kid confuse the big boys	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that greet the joyful man confuse the miserable guys	plural	singular	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that greet the ecstatic singer inspire the big carpenters	plural	singular	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that greet the young uncle admire the big doctors	plural	singular	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable women that inspire the sad aunt remember the joyful farmers	plural	singular	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that inspire the large guy approve the joyful aunts	plural	singular	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that inspire the ecstatic kid greet the joyful poets	plural	singular	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable women that know the little farmer understand the happy lawyers	plural	singular	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that know the miserable kid discourage the young uncles	plural	singular	plural	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that know the tiny mother confuse the sad kids	plural	singular	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The big women that observe the small guy inspire the little athletes	plural	singular	plural	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big women that observe the sad kid understand the old fathers	plural	singular	plural	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that observe the little lawyer avoid the huge friends	plural	singular	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small women that remember the huge farmer criticize the happy men	plural	singular	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that remember the huge father inspire the large uncles	plural	singular	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable women that remember the tiny poet greet the big aunts	plural	singular	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that stimulate the joyful doctor know the miserable fathers	plural	singular	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable women that understand the big father observe the tiny uncles	plural	singular	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge women that understand the large mother confuse the big kids	plural	singular	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that admire the large aunts encourage the sad carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old athletes that admire the little doctors criticize the happy kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that admire the ecstatic mothers approve the little victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old athletes that admire the young teachers understand the miserable farmer	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old athletes that admire the happy victims avoid the ecstatic poet	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that avoid the miserable farmers understand the young girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little athletes that avoid the young mothers criticize the ecstatic friend	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that avoid the sad mothers understand the happy father	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that avoid the happy teachers admire the joyful farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little athletes that avoid the joyful women admire the young girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that confuse the ecstatic girls stimulate the joyful uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that confuse the large kids know the young uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that confuse the tiny mothers avoid the sad farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that confuse the happy singers observe the huge aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that confuse the big women observe the little victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that criticize the huge aunts stimulate the ecstatic poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that criticize the big boys avoid the happy farmer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that criticize the little girls discourage the happy kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that criticize the miserable poets encourage the huge lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that criticize the small uncles confuse the big kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that criticize the little women know the huge girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that discourage the large fathers stimulate the big teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The old athletes that discourage the huge victims criticize the big lawyer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that encourage the tiny boys know the happy victim	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that encourage the huge doctors criticize the miserable mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The big athletes that encourage the little lawyers discourage the old girl	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old athletes that engage the big guys stimulate the tiny victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that greet the happy farmers avoid the miserable teacher	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that greet the tiny men encourage the small woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that greet the little uncles understand the joyful guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that inspire the sad boys know the little victim	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that know the old friends remember the big lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that know the tiny guys approve the old friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big athletes that know the miserable guys confuse the ecstatic carpenter	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little athletes that know the young men engage the miserable guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that know the small women observe the ecstatic teacher	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that observe the happy fathers encourage the young man	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that observe the happy women engage the little father	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that remember the tiny fathers understand the huge teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The big athletes that remember the sad kids know the young man	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small athletes that remember the happy uncles approve the young guy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that stimulate the happy carpenters inspire the huge lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old athletes that stimulate the sad farmers greet the miserable mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big athletes that stimulate the tiny kids confuse the joyful uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little athletes that stimulate the small men admire the large kid	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that stimulate the tiny singers admire the happy father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that stimulate the sad teachers greet the huge lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old athletes that stimulate the sad teachers know the huge girl	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that understand the miserable singers criticize the small teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that admire the small poets avoid the joyful athlete	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that admire the young singers remember the sad carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that admire the young uncles confuse the old mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that admire the sad victims approve the miserable carpenter	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that approve the miserable doctors confuse the sad uncle	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that approve the small fathers stimulate the big doctor	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that approve the old poets criticize the joyful woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that avoid the happy athletes engage the small girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that avoid the young doctors criticize the small farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that avoid the small singers engage the ecstatic man	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunts that confuse the sad boys admire the big mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunts that confuse the sad boys know the large woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that confuse the large carpenters criticize the joyful friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that confuse the sad doctors admire the joyful victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that confuse the miserable farmers avoid the joyful man	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunts that confuse the old girls admire the tiny boy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that confuse the big men understand the happy farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunts that criticize the miserable carpenters know the large athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunts that criticize the happy farmers approve the old friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that criticize the big singers understand the young lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that criticize the tiny uncles admire the huge farmer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that discourage the huge doctors remember the big lawyer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that discourage the old farmers inspire the tiny boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that discourage the small kids approve the big athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that discourage the little kids criticize the tiny guy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that discourage the tiny lawyers stimulate the huge uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunts that discourage the sad men avoid the young girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that discourage the huge poets confuse the miserable singer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that engage the young athletes discourage the huge carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that engage the large athletes know the tiny poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that engage the huge boys inspire the small poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that engage the sad carpenters avoid the miserable teacher	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunts that engage the ecstatic teachers remember the huge doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunts that engage the huge women avoid the ecstatic athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that greet the joyful friends engage the little boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that greet the little men confuse the tiny kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that greet the little mothers approve the small woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunts that inspire the sad guys greet the huge uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that inspire the tiny poets greet the big uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that know the miserable uncles stimulate the small kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunts that observe the small singers approve the sad woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that observe the big teachers understand the miserable carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that remember the young athletes understand the ecstatic lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that remember the young guys approve the sad teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that remember the large women confuse the happy uncle	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that stimulate the small men remember the little singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunts that stimulate the big poets criticize the large father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that stimulate the young uncles encourage the little carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that understand the young carpenters engage the tiny teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that understand the little mothers inspire the big father	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that admire the large carpenters confuse the sad teacher	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boys that admire the old girls encourage the sad mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that admire the huge lawyers engage the ecstatic singer	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that admire the tiny uncles greet the miserable victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that approve the old carpenters stimulate the small teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large boys that approve the young doctors confuse the little teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small boys that approve the ecstatic farmers greet the huge victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that approve the little men discourage the huge farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large boys that approve the old men discourage the joyful uncle	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that approve the joyful women criticize the old aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that approve the joyful women stimulate the ecstatic carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boys that avoid the big athletes stimulate the ecstatic poet	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that avoid the little carpenters discourage the miserable guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that avoid the miserable girls remember the old father	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boys that avoid the huge uncles encourage the joyful girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that avoid the happy victims discourage the sad teacher	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that confuse the little fathers observe the young mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small boys that confuse the old women stimulate the sad man	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small boys that criticize the little aunts stimulate the large kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large boys that criticize the ecstatic friends engage the huge doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old boys that criticize the tiny men greet the happy mother	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old boys that criticize the little mothers encourage the joyful teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old boys that criticize the little mothers remember the large victim	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that criticize the small women confuse the old father	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boys that discourage the large lawyers approve the joyful teacher	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boys that discourage the big singers greet the joyful guy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that discourage the large teachers know the old uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young boys that encourage the large doctors know the small friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that encourage the young victims know the miserable farmer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boys that engage the big athletes discourage the large uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that engage the large fathers approve the joyful uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that engage the young girls remember the old carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boys that greet the sad athletes admire the little uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that greet the little fathers confuse the huge athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that greet the big singers confuse the young farmer	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that inspire the small kids confuse the big man	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boys that know the joyful girls admire the young singer	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that know the huge lawyers discourage the tiny doctor	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that know the sad lawyers understand the young teacher	plural	plural	singular	knows	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boys that know the large men discourage the joyful friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that observe the young carpenters engage the large woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that observe the joyful singers criticize the happy teacher	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small boys that observe the large victims admire the tiny woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small boys that observe the huge women confuse the ecstatic poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that remember the large doctors encourage the old teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that remember the old kids observe the ecstatic carpenter	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old boys that remember the happy poets understand the little kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boys that stimulate the ecstatic victims approve the old farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that understand the young kids approve the huge mother	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that understand the small teachers avoid the happy farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that admire the young boys discourage the joyful girl	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that admire the young doctors confuse the ecstatic guy	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that admire the happy girls observe the joyful doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that admire the little men criticize the happy teacher	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that admire the tiny mothers confuse the joyful lawyer	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that approve the joyful doctors remember the happy athlete	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that approve the happy fathers know the big victim	plural	plural	singular	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that approve the old friends confuse the young uncle	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that approve the happy poets remember the ecstatic singer	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that avoid the huge farmers inspire the sad father	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that avoid the young friends engage the old doctor	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that avoid the sad friends stimulate the ecstatic lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that avoid the huge guys discourage the joyful teacher	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that avoid the large victims know the joyful aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that confuse the huge boys inspire the little friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that criticize the little guys approve the old girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that criticize the small kids observe the ecstatic doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that criticize the big lawyers confuse the happy girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that criticize the young teachers approve the little boy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that discourage the ecstatic friends greet the large father	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that discourage the small friends remember the huge man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that discourage the big girls criticize the young kid	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that discourage the ecstatic guys remember the large girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that discourage the large men avoid the happy doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that discourage the joyful mothers observe the small doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that discourage the small poets know the big man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that discourage the sad singers approve the tiny mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that discourage the little women admire the tiny mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that encourage the big girls criticize the old mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that encourage the huge guys criticize the joyful kid	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that encourage the tiny poets understand the little teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that engage the sad doctors encourage the joyful friend	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that engage the large kids inspire the little teacher	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that greet the ecstatic farmers understand the joyful victim	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that greet the ecstatic women admire the little singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that greet the huge women confuse the old victim	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that inspire the huge friends greet the little singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that inspire the happy girls engage the miserable uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that know the tiny athletes avoid the large kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that know the big boys engage the huge farmer	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that know the little guys encourage the big aunt	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that know the happy guys inspire the ecstatic woman	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that know the big kids engage the large mother	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that know the miserable lawyers confuse the old guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that know the large teachers observe the huge singer	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that know the ecstatic uncles discourage the joyful singer	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that observe the sad aunts inspire the small teacher	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that remember the old aunts encourage the tiny uncle	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that remember the small doctors admire the miserable aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that remember the big teachers approve the young guy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that remember the tiny teachers understand the large kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that stimulate the tiny athletes inspire the old guy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that stimulate the old boys engage the big uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that stimulate the little doctors approve the sad lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that stimulate the happy girls confuse the young doctor	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that stimulate the miserable lawyers avoid the huge girl	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that stimulate the young men discourage the big farmer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that stimulate the small men engage the large boy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that stimulate the young poets discourage the large singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that stimulate the tiny victims know the old doctor	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that understand the miserable teachers avoid the sad woman	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that understand the ecstatic uncles stimulate the joyful friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that understand the small victims approve the sad lawyer	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that understand the huge women stimulate the ecstatic guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that admire the tiny singers avoid the small kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that admire the happy singers engage the sad boy	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that approve the joyful girls criticize the small singer	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that approve the young kids encourage the miserable uncle	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctors that approve the huge mothers engage the miserable lawyer	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that approve the little uncles encourage the large farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that avoid the big athletes understand the happy father	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that avoid the big aunts confuse the little kid	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctors that avoid the happy kids remember the miserable father	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctors that avoid the ecstatic lawyers encourage the joyful aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that confuse the sad poets engage the tiny carpenter	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctors that confuse the tiny singers discourage the big aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that criticize the happy kids admire the huge woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that discourage the miserable aunts criticize the little carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that discourage the old fathers confuse the ecstatic singer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that discourage the happy lawyers admire the little man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that discourage the joyful victims avoid the small father	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctors that discourage the happy women inspire the young friend	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that encourage the little aunts criticize the happy father	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctors that encourage the sad men discourage the large teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that encourage the little uncles avoid the miserable aunt	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctors that engage the huge victims greet the joyful father	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctors that greet the small athletes know the tiny poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that greet the huge uncles understand the large victim	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that greet the small victims confuse the huge athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that greet the big women discourage the happy father	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that inspire the old boys greet the miserable friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that inspire the little men stimulate the young friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that inspire the small teachers know the miserable friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that inspire the happy teachers stimulate the little mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that inspire the huge victims know the big singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that inspire the miserable women greet the ecstatic friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that know the miserable aunts understand the old friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that know the sad lawyers encourage the old girl	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctors that know the young men criticize the ecstatic woman	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that know the happy men understand the small father	plural	plural	singular	knows	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctors that know the big uncles remember the little teacher	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that observe the big kids inspire the huge teacher	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctors that remember the small aunts avoid the old man	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that remember the joyful aunts stimulate the old guy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that remember the miserable girls stimulate the large uncle	plural	plural	singular	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that remember the small uncles avoid the ecstatic mother	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that stimulate the small athletes avoid the tiny victim	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that stimulate the joyful aunts engage the sad kid	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that stimulate the ecstatic carpenters inspire the huge guy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny doctors that stimulate the big singers criticize the large poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that stimulate the big singers observe the large father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctors that stimulate the sad teachers approve the ecstatic boy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that stimulate the sad victims discourage the young poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that understand the sad carpenters admire the large victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctors that understand the old kids observe the happy man	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctors that understand the old mothers approve the little poet	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that understand the old teachers discourage the joyful athlete	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmers that admire the old singers observe the ecstatic lawyer	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that admire the small singers stimulate the joyful doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmers that approve the sad aunts admire the little carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that approve the little guys criticize the tiny singer	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that approve the joyful kids avoid the small singer	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmers that approve the big kids criticize the joyful teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmers that approve the tiny women understand the large mother	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that avoid the young carpenters confuse the happy boy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmers that avoid the joyful singers encourage the large friend	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that confuse the young athletes approve the sad boy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmers that confuse the ecstatic carpenters discourage the tiny uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that confuse the old mothers stimulate the ecstatic doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that criticize the young guys observe the little man	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmers that criticize the young lawyers greet the joyful kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that discourage the happy boys avoid the old uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that discourage the little friends greet the sad carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that discourage the old guys understand the joyful lawyer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that discourage the young kids remember the joyful uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmers that discourage the miserable poets admire the happy guy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that discourage the big singers inspire the ecstatic uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that discourage the big teachers encourage the miserable aunt	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmers that discourage the little victims admire the ecstatic uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that encourage the sad boys stimulate the joyful doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that encourage the small friends inspire the happy mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmers that engage the large girls remember the miserable uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that engage the old teachers remember the large aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that engage the ecstatic uncles avoid the huge singer	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that greet the big aunts remember the happy uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmers that greet the sad guys avoid the small kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmers that greet the big kids admire the young guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that greet the large lawyers inspire the young girl	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that greet the old mothers understand the small lawyer	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that greet the old teachers discourage the big lawyer	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmers that greet the huge teachers encourage the big kid	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that inspire the big lawyers understand the happy girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmers that know the happy mothers discourage the tiny guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that know the happy singers approve the small uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that know the old singers confuse the huge boy	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that observe the miserable aunts understand the sad woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that observe the big carpenters inspire the miserable poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmers that observe the sad fathers stimulate the small kid	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that observe the big teachers inspire the old girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that remember the happy carpenters approve the huge teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmers that remember the old doctors greet the little carpenter	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that remember the sad teachers inspire the little aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that remember the little uncles know the joyful boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that stimulate the tiny aunts greet the young athlete	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that stimulate the sad boys understand the little lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmers that stimulate the young doctors inspire the old victim	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmers that stimulate the old kids remember the tiny athlete	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that stimulate the tiny mothers admire the large lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that stimulate the old teachers know the ecstatic lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that understand the little aunts stimulate the joyful man	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmers that understand the little lawyers stimulate the joyful aunt	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that admire the old boys inspire the huge poet	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large fathers that admire the huge doctors confuse the old mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that admire the large girls criticize the young victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that admire the old girls know the miserable athlete	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that approve the little athletes observe the ecstatic mother	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that approve the young mothers observe the happy teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that avoid the ecstatic guys discourage the big carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large fathers that avoid the joyful women discourage the old friend	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that confuse the miserable aunts inspire the old singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that confuse the miserable aunts stimulate the tiny friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large fathers that confuse the miserable farmers greet the huge aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that confuse the old men remember the large singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The old fathers that confuse the happy victims remember the big aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small fathers that confuse the little victims stimulate the tiny singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that criticize the ecstatic athletes approve the miserable poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that criticize the sad athletes engage the old mother	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that criticize the big aunts understand the ecstatic teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that criticize the old boys confuse the miserable carpenter	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that criticize the young boys remember the small teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The big fathers that criticize the miserable farmers approve the ecstatic guy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The large fathers that criticize the huge mothers admire the big uncle	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that criticize the sad teachers encourage the big girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big fathers that discourage the little aunts admire the young doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that encourage the young farmers criticize the tiny poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that encourage the sad farmers understand the miserable friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that encourage the tiny kids avoid the large girl	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that engage the tiny aunts encourage the ecstatic kid	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that engage the sad lawyers discourage the young athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old fathers that engage the big teachers confuse the ecstatic farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The big fathers that greet the huge carpenters inspire the miserable athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large fathers that inspire the ecstatic lawyers confuse the little farmer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that inspire the tiny mothers approve the small athlete	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that know the happy carpenters encourage the young lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that know the little men approve the young poet	plural	plural	singular	knows	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that observe the young friends engage the happy victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that observe the large friends inspire the miserable boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that remember the large friends greet the happy teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that remember the huge lawyers admire the tiny teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that remember the small lawyers engage the happy singer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that remember the small poets approve the ecstatic athlete	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that stimulate the large girls know the happy doctor	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small fathers that stimulate the old lawyers engage the tiny aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that stimulate the happy singers observe the large man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that understand the young farmers avoid the old kid	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that understand the joyful singers criticize the big poet	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that understand the huge singers criticize the tiny victim	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that understand the ecstatic uncles observe the huge boy	plural	plural	singular	understands	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that admire the sad aunts approve the huge farmer	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The large friends that admire the young girls approve the miserable guy	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that admire the miserable poets approve the old boy	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that approve the small athletes confuse the sad father	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that approve the sad athletes criticize the joyful lawyer	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little friends that approve the sad farmers engage the tiny boy	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that approve the ecstatic lawyers understand the young uncle	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that approve the small poets understand the old father	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old friends that avoid the big victims discourage the miserable boy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that avoid the joyful victims engage the small uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that avoid the huge victims remember the little girl	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that confuse the joyful farmers remember the large carpenter	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that confuse the little men discourage the big aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that confuse the joyful singers approve the huge kid	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that confuse the huge teachers criticize the happy aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large friends that confuse the sad teachers inspire the little woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that confuse the little teachers stimulate the large kid	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that criticize the sad doctors observe the large poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old friends that criticize the young men inspire the little doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large friends that criticize the ecstatic poets admire the big mother	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friends that discourage the ecstatic carpenters criticize the happy athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friends that discourage the tiny fathers inspire the young singer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friends that discourage the big teachers approve the huge carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that discourage the ecstatic victims avoid the tiny uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that discourage the little women criticize the small girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that encourage the big fathers discourage the huge doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that encourage the large men stimulate the tiny woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that engage the miserable athletes admire the ecstatic aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that engage the big athletes criticize the young singer	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that engage the big carpenters understand the young mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that engage the little singers observe the small mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old friends that engage the small uncles discourage the joyful carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old friends that greet the large aunts understand the joyful boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that greet the tiny boys understand the sad poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little friends that greet the happy carpenters understand the miserable boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that greet the joyful lawyers observe the large singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large friends that greet the sad teachers confuse the huge boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that inspire the large boys avoid the joyful singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that inspire the miserable doctors engage the young carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that inspire the miserable girls avoid the big woman	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large friends that inspire the happy men engage the ecstatic mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friends that know the old girls confuse the happy kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little friends that observe the big aunts criticize the miserable boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old friends that observe the ecstatic singers approve the tiny athlete	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that observe the joyful victims understand the young poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that remember the small farmers encourage the sad boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that stimulate the huge farmers discourage the joyful singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that understand the old athletes encourage the young doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old friends that understand the ecstatic boys discourage the sad athlete	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friends that understand the large doctors approve the old mother	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that understand the ecstatic girls approve the miserable doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that understand the little women discourage the miserable carpenter	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large girls that approve the huge athletes confuse the big lawyer	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that approve the huge doctors understand the ecstatic lawyer	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that approve the little guys encourage the large lawyer	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that approve the little lawyers inspire the happy farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large girls that avoid the old friends encourage the huge victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that avoid the large men admire the happy victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that avoid the small men inspire the big victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that avoid the miserable teachers remember the old uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small girls that avoid the miserable women engage the big poet	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little girls that confuse the sad aunts greet the young lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that confuse the huge aunts remember the young farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that confuse the joyful singers engage the big uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that confuse the sad victims inspire the young woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big girls that confuse the joyful women greet the ecstatic singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girls that criticize the ecstatic athletes inspire the old woman	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that criticize the little carpenters engage the small lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small girls that criticize the large doctors stimulate the ecstatic guy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big girls that criticize the tiny farmers inspire the young uncle	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The small girls that criticize the miserable guys greet the young father	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girls that discourage the sad athletes avoid the ecstatic aunt	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that discourage the large farmers avoid the tiny aunt	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The old girls that encourage the huge athletes engage the small mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that encourage the huge poets confuse the big friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girls that encourage the little women admire the large uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that engage the miserable lawyers understand the small uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that greet the miserable boys understand the young mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that greet the happy carpenters admire the miserable boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that greet the big friends confuse the young lawyer	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small girls that greet the old friends encourage the happy man	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young girls that greet the happy guys confuse the joyful teacher	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The big girls that greet the tiny women inspire the sad singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big girls that inspire the joyful farmers know the happy friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that inspire the young lawyers observe the old doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that know the big fathers greet the miserable singer	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big girls that know the old kids understand the happy aunt	plural	plural	singular	knows	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The large girls that know the happy singers inspire the miserable aunt	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little girls that remember the big athletes criticize the huge woman	plural	plural	singular	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that remember the huge athletes engage the little teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little girls that remember the huge boys encourage the big teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that remember the huge uncles understand the happy farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that stimulate the big fathers avoid the old poet	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that stimulate the little kids know the large uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that stimulate the young kids understand the large father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that understand the miserable lawyers approve the happy guy	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big girls that understand the old uncles know the young friend	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guys that admire the small lawyers inspire the old doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old guys that admire the joyful uncles discourage the ecstatic woman	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guys that approve the happy farmers engage the large boy	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that approve the huge farmers engage the little kid	plural	plural	singular	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that approve the ecstatic kids stimulate the little doctor	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guys that approve the young mothers observe the old carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that avoid the old athletes greet the big father	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little guys that avoid the miserable boys confuse the ecstatic victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that avoid the big farmers confuse the young poet	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that confuse the old boys avoid the happy farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big guys that confuse the old kids remember the ecstatic mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guys that confuse the small men observe the sad victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that confuse the big women understand the sad uncle	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old guys that criticize the huge athletes avoid the joyful doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that criticize the tiny farmers know the small kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that criticize the old friends admire the big poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that criticize the ecstatic poets avoid the tiny friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guys that criticize the little singers stimulate the tiny teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guys that discourage the small women avoid the ecstatic boy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that encourage the big doctors approve the tiny teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little guys that encourage the ecstatic uncles confuse the tiny farmer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little guys that encourage the small uncles criticize the ecstatic mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old guys that encourage the large women engage the young boy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that engage the old carpenters encourage the tiny doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that engage the miserable carpenters know the huge father	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that engage the ecstatic kids encourage the sad uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little guys that engage the large teachers admire the young kid	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that engage the old women understand the joyful boy	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that greet the sad boys confuse the old singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The big guys that greet the tiny lawyers criticize the little girl	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that greet the young women understand the small man	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guys that inspire the sad friends encourage the joyful girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that inspire the young men encourage the little victim	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that inspire the ecstatic teachers engage the old father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old guys that inspire the sad uncles confuse the big victim	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guys that know the happy farmers remember the joyful kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that know the sad farmers understand the ecstatic victim	plural	plural	singular	knows	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that know the old friends inspire the big kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that know the ecstatic men greet the young lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that observe the ecstatic boys know the huge victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little guys that observe the large women avoid the ecstatic doctor	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large guys that remember the joyful athletes know the big poet	plural	plural	singular	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that remember the sad victims confuse the little farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that remember the miserable women avoid the little uncle	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that stimulate the young boys avoid the small teacher	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guys that understand the young fathers avoid the miserable aunt	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kids that admire the large carpenters know the small aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that admire the big mothers inspire the joyful farmer	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that approve the miserable girls stimulate the big carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that approve the ecstatic men criticize the miserable lawyer	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that approve the ecstatic poets avoid the happy woman	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kids that approve the large victims avoid the sad athlete	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that approve the small victims encourage the big poet	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kids that avoid the sad aunts know the miserable mother	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that avoid the large boys know the happy athlete	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that avoid the happy doctors understand the ecstatic victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that confuse the old aunts remember the tiny mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kids that confuse the old boys discourage the miserable man	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kids that confuse the large farmers criticize the ecstatic singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that confuse the little mothers greet the old aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that confuse the miserable teachers criticize the sad man	plural	plural	singular	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that criticize the happy farmers avoid the young victim	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that criticize the huge friends encourage the happy teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that criticize the young girls inspire the happy teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kids that discourage the sad lawyers approve the big farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that discourage the ecstatic women confuse the large man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old kids that encourage the joyful aunts stimulate the little mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kids that encourage the large fathers discourage the ecstatic man	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that encourage the young teachers confuse the happy uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that encourage the happy victims remember the joyful guy	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that engage the big athletes remember the tiny aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that engage the tiny guys observe the old doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kids that engage the sad poets avoid the large guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that engage the big poets encourage the ecstatic friend	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kids that engage the joyful singers discourage the young aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that greet the ecstatic farmers discourage the young man	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that inspire the small farmers criticize the tiny carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little kids that inspire the happy friends criticize the huge singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little kids that inspire the tiny women understand the young man	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that inspire the happy women understand the sad singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that know the happy carpenters inspire the ecstatic father	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that know the huge singers discourage the happy mother	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that know the huge uncles remember the little woman	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that know the sad women admire the huge mother	plural	plural	singular	knows	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that observe the huge carpenters confuse the ecstatic uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kids that observe the big farmers remember the young carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kids that observe the large girls discourage the big aunt	plural	plural	singular	observes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that observe the tiny singers approve the happy friend	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that observe the joyful teachers know the happy father	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that observe the big teachers stimulate the young athlete	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that observe the big women greet the old poet	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that remember the large doctors observe the miserable aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that remember the small guys engage the joyful boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old kids that remember the young poets discourage the huge aunt	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that remember the huge singers observe the large farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kids that remember the tiny teachers greet the miserable girl	plural	plural	singular	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that stimulate the sad aunts remember the ecstatic woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that stimulate the huge boys engage the young singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kids that stimulate the miserable carpenters remember the happy woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The old kids that understand the joyful aunts engage the big farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that understand the joyful boys admire the little mother	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kids that understand the ecstatic singers stimulate the old athlete	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that understand the big victims remember the small man	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that understand the small women admire the joyful mother	plural	plural	singular	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that admire the huge doctors observe the old kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that approve the tiny mothers encourage the sad carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that approve the miserable women confuse the joyful farmer	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that avoid the tiny aunts encourage the small teacher	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that avoid the huge doctors discourage the big carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that avoid the young doctors encourage the tiny man	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that avoid the old farmers greet the little father	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that avoid the ecstatic friends confuse the joyful guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that avoid the ecstatic kids remember the happy victim	plural	plural	singular	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that confuse the miserable carpenters engage the tiny farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that confuse the huge singers stimulate the small mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that confuse the big uncles engage the little aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that criticize the large athletes greet the joyful father	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that criticize the miserable mothers engage the ecstatic athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that criticize the sad victims observe the happy doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that criticize the old women encourage the young mother	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that discourage the small fathers approve the miserable man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that discourage the small friends inspire the tiny doctor	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that discourage the big guys inspire the small father	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that encourage the little aunts admire the sad singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that encourage the young men criticize the small teacher	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that encourage the young mothers stimulate the huge friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that encourage the big uncles approve the ecstatic man	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that engage the miserable girls admire the huge kid	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that engage the miserable guys remember the old aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that engage the ecstatic kids approve the sad girl	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that greet the ecstatic girls understand the joyful doctor	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that greet the huge mothers encourage the large poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that inspire the big guys know the little woman	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that inspire the big men approve the tiny doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that inspire the miserable men observe the tiny kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big lawyers that inspire the joyful poets avoid the ecstatic victim	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that inspire the miserable uncles understand the happy teacher	plural	plural	singular	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that know the ecstatic boys stimulate the sad friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that observe the young boys confuse the small father	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that observe the huge carpenters engage the small athlete	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that observe the large mothers know the small girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that observe the happy victims criticize the sad guy	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that remember the little fathers confuse the happy friend	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that remember the big poets understand the little uncle	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that remember the happy women observe the large farmer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that stimulate the happy teachers discourage the joyful aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that understand the small boys discourage the old aunt	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that understand the large doctors avoid the miserable father	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that understand the happy fathers stimulate the large man	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that understand the joyful mothers confuse the small singer	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that understand the big singers know the ecstatic kid	plural	plural	singular	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful men that admire the small carpenters encourage the young woman	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young men that admire the ecstatic lawyers approve the miserable farmer	plural	plural	singular	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big men that admire the happy uncles avoid the tiny mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small men that approve the tiny boys admire the miserable guy	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that avoid the large carpenters engage the small friend	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that avoid the small farmers engage the young father	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful men that avoid the large victims confuse the happy boy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful men that confuse the small uncles inspire the happy boy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big men that criticize the huge boys avoid the ecstatic guy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large men that criticize the huge fathers stimulate the ecstatic poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that criticize the large friends engage the big doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy men that criticize the young uncles understand the joyful mother	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The big men that discourage the little aunts approve the sad kid	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that discourage the small poets approve the big victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that encourage the tiny boys criticize the joyful victim	plural	plural	singular	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy men that encourage the young women admire the sad mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large men that engage the small farmers discourage the big guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that engage the old friends stimulate the tiny mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad men that engage the big singers criticize the tiny carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that engage the happy teachers approve the ecstatic singer	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that greet the old aunts confuse the tiny carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that greet the sad fathers criticize the big woman	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that greet the tiny women understand the joyful carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young men that know the miserable girls avoid the ecstatic aunt	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable men that observe the little mothers remember the sad woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful men that observe the small singers approve the little woman	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny men that remember the large aunts engage the sad teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that remember the joyful girls understand the miserable carpenter	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that remember the ecstatic poets inspire the tiny kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The young men that stimulate the tiny girls criticize the miserable lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that stimulate the happy teachers engage the big singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that stimulate the old women encourage the big carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that understand the big aunts approve the large girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that understand the small doctors approve the young poet	plural	plural	singular	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The small men that understand the huge lawyers inspire the happy woman	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that admire the tiny farmers inspire the sad teacher	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that admire the little guys observe the miserable father	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big mothers that approve the little farmers stimulate the happy guy	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that approve the large friends confuse the happy poet	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that approve the ecstatic kids criticize the large lawyer	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that approve the sad lawyers observe the joyful boy	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small mothers that avoid the little aunts engage the big friend	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young mothers that avoid the miserable doctors understand the large farmer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The big mothers that confuse the tiny farmers engage the young aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big mothers that confuse the miserable fathers remember the tiny carpenter	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that confuse the huge teachers understand the miserable boy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young mothers that criticize the ecstatic carpenters understand the huge farmer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that criticize the sad farmers stimulate the small aunt	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that criticize the miserable friends avoid the happy teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that criticize the tiny teachers confuse the big girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that criticize the miserable teachers discourage the big kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that criticize the old teachers inspire the large lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that criticize the huge women confuse the ecstatic friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that discourage the tiny aunts greet the small man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small mothers that discourage the happy carpenters greet the little friend	plural	plural	singular	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that discourage the small kids approve the miserable woman	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that discourage the old poets inspire the big man	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that discourage the big uncles inspire the ecstatic victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that engage the ecstatic aunts inspire the large athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big mothers that engage the small boys inspire the miserable lawyer	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that engage the tiny boys remember the small man	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that engage the young doctors stimulate the large athlete	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that engage the young lawyers criticize the sad woman	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that greet the large girls confuse the small carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that greet the tiny kids engage the huge guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young mothers that inspire the happy carpenters approve the miserable lawyer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that inspire the small doctors know the ecstatic girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that inspire the sad friends observe the young kid	plural	plural	singular	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that inspire the ecstatic men greet the tiny guy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that inspire the small uncles greet the big girl	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that inspire the big victims encourage the old farmer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that inspire the ecstatic victims remember the old father	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that inspire the tiny women admire the large doctor	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that observe the big doctors remember the old man	plural	plural	singular	observes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that observe the happy kids approve the young doctor	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that observe the tiny teachers stimulate the happy uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that observe the joyful women understand the little boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that remember the little aunts avoid the sad athlete	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that remember the tiny boys understand the old athlete	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that remember the sad friends discourage the huge lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that remember the large guys discourage the happy carpenter	plural	plural	singular	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young mothers that stimulate the tiny aunts encourage the miserable doctor	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that stimulate the sad farmers admire the old man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that stimulate the happy fathers engage the sad singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that stimulate the happy girls inspire the little doctor	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that stimulate the happy guys admire the small carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that stimulate the huge men understand the happy father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small mothers that understand the happy guys encourage the large father	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that understand the huge poets discourage the little girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that admire the small boys understand the ecstatic victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that admire the old farmers inspire the sad guy	plural	plural	singular	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The small poets that admire the young girls stimulate the happy father	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big poets that admire the tiny singers discourage the old boy	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poets that approve the young fathers remember the happy boy	plural	plural	singular	approves	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that approve the young kids criticize the little lawyer	plural	plural	singular	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that avoid the big aunts criticize the ecstatic athlete	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that avoid the old doctors criticize the huge man	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that avoid the big mothers engage the old uncle	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that avoid the young uncles observe the sad carpenter	plural	plural	singular	avoids	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poets that confuse the old friends discourage the small aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that confuse the small victims observe the ecstatic guy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that confuse the miserable women greet the joyful lawyer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poets that criticize the big aunts greet the old girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that criticize the small women observe the big girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poets that discourage the ecstatic girls encourage the young kid	plural	plural	singular	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poets that discourage the miserable mothers know the little singer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that discourage the large singers know the ecstatic uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poets that encourage the joyful aunts observe the little girl	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poets that encourage the ecstatic carpenters avoid the large uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poets that encourage the happy friends know the old athlete	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that encourage the young girls discourage the huge singer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poets that encourage the old mothers observe the sad man	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that encourage the small uncles know the huge father	plural	plural	singular	encourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The old poets that encourage the little women avoid the tiny uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that engage the happy boys confuse the old farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that engage the happy men know the big guy	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small poets that engage the big singers inspire the old man	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poets that greet the tiny girls discourage the little carpenter	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big poets that greet the old girls inspire the sad uncle	plural	plural	singular	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that greet the ecstatic girls know the miserable boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poets that greet the joyful guys criticize the big athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small poets that inspire the large athletes engage the happy lawyer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poets that inspire the little carpenters engage the ecstatic singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that inspire the joyful singers discourage the ecstatic friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poets that inspire the big teachers criticize the joyful farmer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small poets that know the sad men engage the huge doctor	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that know the small teachers avoid the big woman	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that observe the joyful boys confuse the young father	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that observe the ecstatic carpenters confuse the large singer	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small poets that observe the young farmers approve the huge boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poets that observe the young mothers greet the ecstatic athlete	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that observe the small singers greet the tiny doctor	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that observe the joyful victims avoid the small carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The old poets that observe the young victims encourage the little girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that remember the small kids understand the joyful father	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that stimulate the large fathers discourage the happy lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that stimulate the ecstatic singers know the happy lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poets that stimulate the happy uncles criticize the big carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that stimulate the small women avoid the ecstatic lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poets that understand the sad guys discourage the ecstatic father	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that understand the big teachers engage the small girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little singers that admire the miserable lawyers greet the old victim	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singers that admire the large uncles know the ecstatic farmer	plural	plural	singular	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large singers that approve the ecstatic friends inspire the tiny father	plural	plural	singular	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singers that approve the tiny kids stimulate the large poet	plural	plural	singular	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that approve the miserable uncles admire the tiny aunt	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that avoid the small doctors greet the little guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that avoid the little mothers criticize the tiny lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singers that confuse the huge boys discourage the tiny kid	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singers that confuse the small boys inspire the sad doctor	plural	plural	singular	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old singers that confuse the big doctors greet the young victim	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that confuse the joyful kids stimulate the small mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that confuse the big poets engage the ecstatic teacher	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big singers that criticize the tiny victims avoid the small poet	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that discourage the large carpenters approve the big victim	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The small singers that discourage the large farmers approve the young athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big singers that discourage the joyful teachers inspire the small farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that discourage the happy victims admire the young guy	plural	plural	singular	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that encourage the happy girls understand the small doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The big singers that encourage the small kids stimulate the sad victim	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that encourage the old poets engage the little friend	plural	plural	singular	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that encourage the big women remember the tiny mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large singers that engage the tiny carpenters observe the joyful mother	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that engage the old farmers discourage the small uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that engage the ecstatic guys approve the small teacher	plural	plural	singular	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singers that engage the huge lawyers greet the large aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singers that engage the sad lawyers stimulate the big uncle	plural	plural	singular	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that engage the sad men observe the old poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small singers that engage the huge poets understand the large woman	plural	plural	singular	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that greet the old boys remember the huge mother	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small singers that greet the big men engage the ecstatic boy	plural	plural	singular	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old singers that greet the little women criticize the large guy	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singers that inspire the large boys greet the joyful woman	plural	plural	singular	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that inspire the huge fathers approve the old mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that inspire the big teachers approve the old mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old singers that inspire the sad women confuse the miserable uncle	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that know the huge carpenters inspire the happy doctor	plural	plural	singular	knows	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that know the miserable fathers avoid the tiny lawyer	plural	plural	singular	knows	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that know the large kids engage the miserable teacher	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that observe the ecstatic fathers admire the young victim	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that observe the old men inspire the sad athlete	plural	plural	singular	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The small singers that remember the tiny carpenters confuse the little doctor	plural	plural	singular	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that remember the ecstatic carpenters understand the joyful victim	plural	plural	singular	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that remember the sad doctors observe the young boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny singers that remember the miserable farmers encourage the happy lawyer	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that stimulate the small girls engage the little man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that stimulate the joyful victims understand the little father	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small singers that understand the large lawyers remember the huge athlete	plural	plural	singular	understands	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small singers that understand the sad mothers avoid the joyful carpenter	plural	plural	singular	understands	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that admire the old farmers avoid the ecstatic mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that admire the tiny singers remember the sad aunt	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that approve the small athletes discourage the joyful doctor	plural	plural	singular	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small teachers that approve the large boys encourage the miserable father	plural	plural	singular	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that avoid the little athletes understand the large woman	plural	plural	singular	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that avoid the miserable boys greet the small doctor	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that avoid the little girls greet the small mother	plural	plural	singular	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that avoid the miserable women admire the sad guy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that confuse the small friends admire the joyful singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that confuse the huge kids engage the ecstatic woman	plural	plural	singular	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that confuse the huge victims observe the little friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that confuse the ecstatic women discourage the miserable farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that criticize the big friends confuse the small lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small teachers that criticize the large men engage the joyful friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that criticize the small poets approve the young friend	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that criticize the sad singers observe the small girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small teachers that discourage the ecstatic aunts avoid the joyful kid	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that discourage the small lawyers confuse the sad carpenter	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that discourage the little poets criticize the sad mother	plural	plural	singular	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that encourage the big farmers approve the sad woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that encourage the happy girls observe the small doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that encourage the ecstatic guys observe the joyful doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small teachers that engage the happy guys admire the tiny aunt	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small teachers that engage the old men remember the miserable victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small teachers that inspire the big fathers admire the joyful singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big teachers that inspire the large poets engage the miserable aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old teachers that inspire the little singers engage the happy mother	plural	plural	singular	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old teachers that observe the miserable lawyers understand the young doctor	plural	plural	singular	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that remember the large carpenters avoid the joyful man	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The old teachers that remember the joyful friends observe the big boy	plural	plural	singular	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old teachers that remember the big mothers approve the young athlete	plural	plural	singular	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that stimulate the miserable friends inspire the little uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The young teachers that stimulate the sad friends remember the huge carpenter	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The old teachers that stimulate the tiny kids approve the young boy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that stimulate the happy singers criticize the big aunt	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young teachers that stimulate the large women observe the small uncle	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that stimulate the joyful women understand the large victim	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that admire the joyful athletes stimulate the ecstatic poet	plural	plural	singular	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that admire the sad doctors greet the joyful girl	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncles that admire the large friends understand the small boy	plural	plural	singular	admires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that admire the joyful women observe the ecstatic boy	plural	plural	singular	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncles that admire the large women remember the sad kid	plural	plural	singular	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that approve the old farmers confuse the joyful teacher	plural	plural	singular	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that approve the small friends understand the happy kid	plural	plural	singular	approves	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncles that approve the little girls avoid the ecstatic singer	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that avoid the sad doctors criticize the ecstatic kid	plural	plural	singular	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that avoid the happy men admire the small aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncles that avoid the joyful men discourage the young aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncles that confuse the large kids encourage the huge boy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that criticize the ecstatic kids admire the large teacher	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that criticize the happy singers approve the old lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that criticize the sad victims avoid the ecstatic guy	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that discourage the big athletes avoid the huge girl	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncles that discourage the big fathers remember the young singer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that discourage the ecstatic victims engage the miserable athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that encourage the young boys confuse the ecstatic woman	plural	plural	singular	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncles that encourage the miserable boys greet the sad poet	plural	plural	singular	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that encourage the huge kids approve the little doctor	plural	plural	singular	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that encourage the sad lawyers avoid the small mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that encourage the little lawyers remember the big athlete	plural	plural	singular	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncles that encourage the big men discourage the joyful kid	plural	plural	singular	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that encourage the huge victims understand the sad lawyer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that engage the miserable girls observe the happy carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that engage the tiny guys criticize the old girl	plural	plural	singular	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that engage the sad mothers know the joyful girl	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that engage the huge teachers greet the big poet	plural	plural	singular	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that engage the miserable women know the young farmer	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that greet the tiny farmers approve the large poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that greet the old friends remember the young poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that greet the huge poets admire the joyful man	plural	plural	singular	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that inspire the tiny carpenters approve the big guy	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that inspire the joyful guys know the huge singer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that inspire the sad men stimulate the old carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncles that inspire the joyful singers approve the miserable victim	plural	plural	singular	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that know the large aunts greet the miserable victim	plural	plural	singular	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that know the tiny friends observe the joyful victim	plural	plural	singular	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that know the tiny poets remember the happy teacher	plural	plural	singular	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that know the young victims criticize the miserable guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncles that know the little women encourage the tiny athlete	plural	plural	singular	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that observe the old doctors avoid the huge lawyer	plural	plural	singular	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncles that observe the small fathers criticize the sad boy	plural	plural	singular	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncles that observe the huge lawyers admire the tiny teacher	plural	plural	singular	observes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncles that observe the little teachers encourage the huge girl	plural	plural	singular	observes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncles that remember the old girls engage the miserable teacher	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small uncles that stimulate the ecstatic friends admire the large guy	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncles that stimulate the old guys know the miserable doctor	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that understand the joyful athletes confuse the young farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that understand the young aunts engage the miserable farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that understand the ecstatic carpenters confuse the young farmer	plural	plural	singular	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that understand the huge friends stimulate the sad kid	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that understand the small kids inspire the young teacher	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that understand the tiny women stimulate the big poet	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that admire the big friends discourage the large mother	plural	plural	singular	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that admire the young kids criticize the old woman	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that admire the sad women greet the large man	plural	plural	singular	admires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that avoid the miserable fathers encourage the old mother	plural	plural	singular	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that avoid the sad fathers know the old friend	plural	plural	singular	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that avoid the little friends discourage the miserable boy	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that avoid the joyful lawyers stimulate the sad aunt	plural	plural	singular	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little victims that confuse the huge aunts understand the joyful farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that confuse the old boys approve the sad girl	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big victims that confuse the ecstatic fathers observe the large mother	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that confuse the big girls greet the old friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small victims that confuse the tiny men discourage the old friend	plural	plural	singular	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that confuse the huge mothers observe the small singer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that confuse the miserable women remember the tiny aunt	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small victims that criticize the little athletes know the huge farmer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little victims that criticize the big fathers inspire the sad doctor	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that criticize the old girls observe the small farmer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big victims that criticize the old lawyers greet the tiny man	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small victims that criticize the large women avoid the old kid	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that discourage the big athletes avoid the joyful aunt	plural	plural	singular	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that discourage the miserable guys stimulate the ecstatic poet	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victims that discourage the little kids stimulate the happy farmer	plural	plural	singular	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that discourage the small lawyers approve the miserable uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big victims that encourage the little boys understand the happy aunt	plural	plural	singular	encourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that encourage the miserable friends stimulate the happy lawyer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little victims that encourage the ecstatic guys admire the happy mother	plural	plural	singular	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victims that engage the little aunts observe the small doctor	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that engage the miserable friends encourage the little carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small victims that engage the ecstatic guys observe the happy lawyer	plural	plural	singular	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that engage the little men inspire the big singer	plural	plural	singular	engages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large victims that engage the ecstatic uncles know the big woman	plural	plural	singular	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that greet the little friends discourage the ecstatic singer	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that greet the little guys observe the big friend	plural	plural	singular	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victims that greet the happy uncles criticize the small athlete	plural	plural	singular	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that inspire the huge girls confuse the joyful aunt	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that inspire the young mothers know the large farmer	plural	plural	singular	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victims that inspire the small poets remember the old carpenter	plural	plural	singular	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large victims that know the miserable carpenters criticize the little kid	plural	plural	singular	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victims that know the miserable doctors confuse the large boy	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old victims that know the happy doctors confuse the big farmer	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that know the ecstatic poets engage the joyful guy	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that observe the huge fathers confuse the big carpenter	plural	plural	singular	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that observe the small fathers engage the big uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that observe the sad lawyers engage the ecstatic guy	plural	plural	singular	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that remember the happy carpenters encourage the miserable man	plural	plural	singular	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that remember the joyful farmers avoid the miserable kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that remember the small lawyers engage the ecstatic kid	plural	plural	singular	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that stimulate the ecstatic athletes admire the miserable mother	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victims that stimulate the happy aunts admire the joyful singer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that stimulate the large aunts avoid the big kid	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big victims that stimulate the tiny farmers know the happy lawyer	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large victims that stimulate the huge kids greet the miserable woman	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that understand the miserable athletes discourage the small girl	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that understand the big men inspire the happy poet	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little victims that understand the old teachers discourage the big singer	plural	plural	singular	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that understand the big women stimulate the ecstatic kid	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young women that admire the miserable athletes encourage the little guy	plural	plural	singular	admires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that admire the happy poets engage the tiny doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that admire the joyful singers criticize the ecstatic doctor	plural	plural	singular	admires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that approve the young aunts avoid the joyful guy	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small women that approve the young friends observe the big mother	plural	plural	singular	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young women that approve the huge poets admire the large kid	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that approve the small poets avoid the miserable athlete	plural	plural	singular	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that approve the young uncles admire the small carpenter	plural	plural	singular	approves	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful women that avoid the small athletes confuse the young doctor	plural	plural	singular	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that avoid the huge friends engage the big mother	plural	plural	singular	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that avoid the old uncles discourage the sad lawyer	plural	plural	singular	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big women that confuse the miserable girls approve the small father	plural	plural	singular	confuses	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young women that confuse the small kids understand the large farmer	plural	plural	singular	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that confuse the miserable singers encourage the small boy	plural	plural	singular	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that confuse the huge singers remember the large father	plural	plural	singular	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that criticize the small doctors stimulate the big athlete	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that criticize the joyful uncles inspire the old lawyer	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The small women that criticize the old uncles remember the sad girl	plural	plural	singular	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that discourage the happy kids engage the young uncle	plural	plural	singular	discourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that discourage the young singers confuse the big athlete	plural	plural	singular	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that encourage the miserable fathers inspire the happy uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big women that encourage the little girls inspire the large lawyer	plural	plural	singular	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable women that encourage the old teachers stimulate the joyful uncle	plural	plural	singular	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that engage the young aunts admire the happy victim	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that engage the happy doctors admire the small man	plural	plural	singular	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that engage the ecstatic teachers encourage the tiny singer	plural	plural	singular	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that engage the happy uncles discourage the tiny carpenter	plural	plural	singular	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable women that greet the little carpenters avoid the joyful man	plural	plural	singular	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that greet the miserable doctors discourage the little poet	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that greet the happy friends encourage the tiny man	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that greet the young lawyers encourage the miserable father	plural	plural	singular	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that greet the big men discourage the tiny father	plural	plural	singular	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that inspire the happy doctors criticize the joyful poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that inspire the ecstatic farmers confuse the joyful friend	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that inspire the tiny fathers avoid the sad victim	plural	plural	singular	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable women that inspire the tiny teachers confuse the old poet	plural	plural	singular	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that know the huge aunts confuse the big friend	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small women that know the sad guys discourage the happy teacher	plural	plural	singular	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful women that know the huge men engage the old uncle	plural	plural	singular	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that know the tiny teachers confuse the young boy	plural	plural	singular	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that observe the large farmers greet the miserable uncle	plural	plural	singular	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that stimulate the little men inspire the ecstatic athlete	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that stimulate the ecstatic poets remember the huge friend	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small women that stimulate the joyful singers criticize the little man	plural	plural	singular	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that understand the sad singers criticize the ecstatic man	plural	plural	singular	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that understand the sad singers inspire the huge man	plural	plural	singular	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that understand the big teachers stimulate the miserable doctor	plural	plural	singular	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that understand the huge victims encourage the young uncle	plural	plural	singular	understands	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that admire the miserable fathers observe the small guys	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that admire the young men discourage the joyful doctors	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that admire the tiny uncles confuse the huge victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that admire the little uncles inspire the miserable fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big athletes that approve the happy fathers stimulate the little girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that approve the big girls confuse the ecstatic aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that approve the old lawyers encourage the sad carpenters	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little athletes that approve the sad teachers know the small friends	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that avoid the small mothers engage the ecstatic singers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that confuse the big doctors criticize the old men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old athletes that criticize the happy doctors greet the ecstatic victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that criticize the large uncles understand the small mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that criticize the big women avoid the huge doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that criticize the sad women engage the old doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that discourage the large carpenters avoid the old victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that discourage the tiny friends approve the happy teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old athletes that discourage the large kids confuse the sad teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that discourage the small women remember the little teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that encourage the huge farmers confuse the little doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that encourage the joyful lawyers remember the little farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad athletes that encourage the ecstatic poets greet the tiny carpenters	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy athletes that encourage the big singers admire the sad farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that engage the joyful carpenters encourage the young aunts	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little athletes that engage the small doctors avoid the big guys	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that engage the large friends greet the ecstatic doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that greet the small boys observe the large friends	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that greet the happy friends discourage the small men	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that inspire the happy aunts observe the small mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that inspire the sad farmers observe the little lawyers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny athletes that inspire the old uncles greet the small carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that know the miserable farmers remember the sad men	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that know the old poets stimulate the young farmers	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic athletes that observe the small doctors stimulate the tiny men	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that observe the small farmers know the joyful friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that remember the small doctors greet the sad mothers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that remember the old friends criticize the ecstatic fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that remember the young girls encourage the joyful guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that remember the old kids observe the happy uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little athletes that remember the miserable mothers observe the young farmers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable athletes that remember the huge women encourage the young aunts	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful athletes that stimulate the miserable boys encourage the small carpenters	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young athletes that stimulate the huge guys confuse the ecstatic women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The large athletes that stimulate the huge mothers observe the ecstatic carpenters	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small athletes that stimulate the tiny women inspire the joyful doctors	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that understand the happy friends admire the miserable singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge athletes that understand the small singers remember the sad guys	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that admire the small carpenters stimulate the large kids	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunts that admire the miserable doctors avoid the happy women	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that admire the big poets remember the old fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that admire the sad victims discourage the ecstatic carpenters	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that approve the happy victims understand the tiny lawyers	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that avoid the tiny kids inspire the large friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that avoid the big lawyers know the joyful victims	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that avoid the happy lawyers know the old women	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that avoid the ecstatic uncles criticize the young guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that avoid the joyful victims remember the large guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that confuse the big farmers observe the joyful lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that confuse the large fathers observe the old singers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that confuse the small friends remember the joyful farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that confuse the ecstatic girls understand the tiny doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old aunts that confuse the ecstatic guys inspire the large women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that confuse the ecstatic men engage the old victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge aunts that confuse the large poets greet the big boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that confuse the little teachers approve the sad guys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that confuse the young uncles understand the happy lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that criticize the little carpenters discourage the old girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that criticize the large farmers discourage the big poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunts that criticize the small guys approve the sad poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that discourage the tiny doctors criticize the miserable poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunts that discourage the sad friends criticize the big women	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that discourage the large uncles greet the little lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunts that encourage the large carpenters engage the young mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that encourage the happy kids admire the young fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that encourage the little kids observe the young guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that encourage the tiny teachers stimulate the young girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunts that encourage the ecstatic victims criticize the happy singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable aunts that engage the big kids approve the little teachers	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that engage the large poets observe the sad singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that engage the big singers confuse the little fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunts that engage the old singers greet the tiny carpenters	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that engage the joyful victims greet the large uncles	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that engage the happy women admire the miserable girls	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunts that engage the tiny women admire the little guys	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunts that greet the large friends confuse the old boys	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that inspire the young carpenters discourage the joyful farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunts that inspire the miserable doctors approve the tiny poets	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that inspire the sad farmers admire the tiny uncles	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that inspire the sad men admire the young doctors	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that inspire the small uncles stimulate the big athletes	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunts that know the large boys greet the old kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunts that know the ecstatic farmers criticize the miserable doctors	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunts that know the big guys approve the old girls	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that know the big kids encourage the miserable fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that know the old kids understand the joyful women	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad aunts that know the huge poets observe the old friends	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big aunts that observe the joyful girls encourage the ecstatic poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunts that observe the little poets confuse the big carpenters	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunts that remember the huge lawyers know the sad singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that remember the miserable mothers know the sad doctors	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that remember the big poets encourage the small teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny aunts that remember the joyful teachers observe the sad guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that stimulate the sad farmers approve the tiny uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that stimulate the huge girls engage the large kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunts that stimulate the sad men know the small lawyers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large aunts that stimulate the miserable mothers engage the huge teachers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little aunts that stimulate the tiny women encourage the sad boys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young aunts that understand the ecstatic farmers know the sad victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small aunts that understand the tiny fathers engage the joyful singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful aunts that understand the huge friends approve the miserable guys	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic aunts that understand the huge victims engage the sad carpenters	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy aunts that understand the old women stimulate the joyful kids	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that admire the sad carpenters avoid the big singers	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The young boys that admire the huge guys observe the big lawyers	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boys that admire the little lawyers greet the big teachers	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boys that approve the happy athletes understand the old poets	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that approve the young aunts greet the happy singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that approve the happy men avoid the large teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small boys that approve the miserable singers avoid the old farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boys that approve the young victims admire the sad carpenters	plural	plural	plural	approves	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small boys that avoid the happy aunts remember the old doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boys that avoid the young friends approve the large farmers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that confuse the happy mothers inspire the joyful athletes	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The small boys that confuse the little victims greet the happy athletes	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boys that confuse the happy women encourage the joyful mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small boys that confuse the happy women remember the little lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that criticize the young athletes stimulate the large carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that criticize the happy aunts remember the sad teachers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boys that criticize the little friends discourage the large athletes	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large boys that criticize the old lawyers approve the little men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boys that criticize the old mothers know the ecstatic doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that criticize the big singers understand the little teachers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that discourage the small doctors greet the miserable guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that encourage the big aunts confuse the large friends	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic boys that encourage the big mothers engage the little victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that engage the ecstatic aunts encourage the huge kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that engage the happy lawyers understand the small friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that greet the old friends criticize the big lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small boys that greet the big girls avoid the little athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable boys that greet the big guys observe the sad farmers	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small boys that greet the large lawyers discourage the young singers	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that greet the tiny men avoid the large fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The old boys that inspire the miserable carpenters know the large athletes	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that inspire the large men discourage the ecstatic poets	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that inspire the sad singers remember the miserable athletes	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that know the small guys criticize the big poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young boys that know the little kids confuse the sad poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that know the little mothers approve the miserable women	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old boys that know the small poets confuse the huge guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The large boys that know the small singers remember the ecstatic carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that observe the young teachers inspire the huge athletes	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boys that observe the small women know the tiny teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful boys that remember the small mothers confuse the sad kids	plural	plural	plural	remembers	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge boys that remember the joyful mothers know the big farmers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny boys that stimulate the old lawyers confuse the ecstatic athletes	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boys that understand the young athletes remember the small women	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that understand the big farmers stimulate the joyful teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad boys that understand the old girls engage the big poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little boys that understand the old guys inspire the happy uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy boys that understand the old guys remember the little men	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The big boys that understand the miserable poets stimulate the young women	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that approve the ecstatic aunts engage the little uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that avoid the old athletes discourage the large women	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that avoid the joyful aunts approve the small uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that avoid the huge doctors engage the big singers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that avoid the big singers observe the little women	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that criticize the ecstatic kids encourage the happy friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that criticize the little lawyers know the huge fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that criticize the big poets encourage the happy mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little carpenters that criticize the small singers stimulate the ecstatic girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that discourage the huge aunts inspire the joyful friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that discourage the tiny girls stimulate the young fathers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that discourage the joyful victims remember the huge athletes	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that encourage the sad doctors greet the tiny boys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big carpenters that encourage the little victims discourage the huge athletes	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that engage the large boys observe the big lawyers	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that engage the small fathers discourage the miserable singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that engage the sad men admire the miserable victims	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that engage the big singers encourage the little boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that engage the miserable teachers know the ecstatic singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that engage the miserable uncles stimulate the happy friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that greet the young athletes avoid the sad guys	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The young carpenters that greet the miserable farmers understand the big doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that inspire the young girls avoid the old singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that inspire the joyful girls confuse the miserable farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The sad carpenters that inspire the tiny poets observe the joyful athletes	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that inspire the little poets remember the large women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that inspire the large singers criticize the little men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that know the miserable aunts greet the small singers	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that know the young doctors avoid the tiny mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that know the tiny fathers remember the huge women	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that know the joyful friends avoid the small lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that know the old teachers avoid the sad uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that know the big victims admire the large kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that observe the sad aunts greet the miserable teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large carpenters that observe the young boys stimulate the small girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy carpenters that observe the big fathers know the large men	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful carpenters that observe the little fathers know the ecstatic mothers	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that observe the tiny men encourage the old boys	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small carpenters that remember the happy doctors encourage the huge singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that stimulate the huge doctors admire the old uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that stimulate the large lawyers greet the small fathers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic carpenters that understand the joyful fathers inspire the large girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old carpenters that understand the joyful friends engage the big victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge carpenters that understand the small kids greet the tiny women	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable carpenters that understand the big lawyers know the tiny mothers	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny carpenters that understand the small women admire the little farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that admire the miserable aunts understand the little farmers	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that admire the young friends remember the huge carpenters	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that admire the sad guys avoid the young girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that admire the young men engage the old mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that approve the joyful girls avoid the old teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that approve the happy kids observe the sad aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that approve the big teachers observe the young carpenters	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that avoid the huge boys encourage the tiny singers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that avoid the little girls admire the miserable boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that avoid the big guys remember the small aunts	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that avoid the huge guys understand the young friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that confuse the tiny lawyers approve the young singers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that confuse the large singers criticize the old mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that confuse the sad victims admire the young carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that criticize the young boys engage the tiny guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that criticize the young carpenters discourage the ecstatic men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that criticize the ecstatic fathers inspire the happy guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that criticize the ecstatic poets encourage the little farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctors that criticize the young uncles admire the big victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that discourage the huge women confuse the small men	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that encourage the ecstatic athletes greet the young boys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that encourage the old aunts greet the large fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctors that encourage the ecstatic boys engage the young athletes	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that encourage the joyful girls criticize the big aunts	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little doctors that encourage the ecstatic poets stimulate the old girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that engage the old athletes avoid the sad boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that engage the sad boys admire the tiny aunts	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that engage the little farmers discourage the joyful uncles	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that engage the ecstatic guys encourage the sad uncles	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that greet the small women engage the young uncles	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that inspire the miserable carpenters know the young friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that inspire the old girls confuse the joyful teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctors that inspire the big victims understand the old mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that know the large athletes criticize the joyful boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small doctors that know the ecstatic fathers remember the large boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable doctors that know the joyful singers criticize the old uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young doctors that observe the large girls inspire the miserable lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy doctors that observe the young guys discourage the sad men	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that observe the small poets greet the sad friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large doctors that observe the tiny singers admire the old victims	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big doctors that remember the little uncles criticize the small singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic doctors that stimulate the joyful farmers observe the small girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful doctors that stimulate the large mothers admire the huge girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge doctors that stimulate the tiny mothers encourage the big singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad doctors that understand the miserable carpenters confuse the old guys	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old doctors that understand the miserable friends know the tiny athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that admire the big athletes understand the young victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that admire the young carpenters understand the old singers	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that admire the old lawyers greet the young uncles	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmers that approve the sad carpenters greet the joyful poets	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that approve the large carpenters greet the happy uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that approve the old friends know the miserable doctors	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmers that approve the happy teachers stimulate the big fathers	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmers that avoid the huge doctors understand the small men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that avoid the sad guys criticize the tiny friends	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmers that avoid the young men confuse the little kids	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that avoid the little uncles confuse the big girls	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that confuse the huge boys avoid the ecstatic mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny farmers that confuse the huge men greet the happy doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmers that criticize the large aunts admire the sad boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmers that criticize the happy doctors inspire the little mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that criticize the big poets discourage the small mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that criticize the miserable poets know the little guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmers that criticize the tiny uncles confuse the young men	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that criticize the little uncles encourage the small victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmers that discourage the tiny doctors observe the large boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that discourage the large poets criticize the big friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young farmers that encourage the old boys discourage the ecstatic kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that encourage the young boys observe the large mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that encourage the little men avoid the happy mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that engage the little friends approve the small girls	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge farmers that engage the miserable girls understand the joyful teachers	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that engage the huge mothers admire the miserable carpenters	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The old farmers that engage the miserable mothers approve the big friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that engage the young singers approve the ecstatic girls	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that greet the young doctors stimulate the happy carpenters	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that greet the ecstatic poets inspire the huge girls	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little farmers that greet the large victims encourage the small doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that greet the large women engage the happy fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmers that inspire the happy athletes encourage the huge mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that inspire the happy fathers criticize the young women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that inspire the miserable friends engage the little fathers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that inspire the ecstatic kids know the big friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful farmers that know the happy boys criticize the little guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad farmers that know the huge victims stimulate the old boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy farmers that remember the young kids know the big friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small farmers that remember the sad lawyers encourage the young uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that remember the tiny teachers criticize the happy doctors	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable farmers that understand the little carpenters approve the joyful men	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The large farmers that understand the huge kids approve the happy fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The big farmers that understand the old lawyers observe the sad doctors	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic farmers that understand the sad women admire the tiny friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that admire the big lawyers inspire the happy men	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that approve the sad doctors engage the old boys	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that approve the happy mothers greet the tiny athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that approve the tiny victims discourage the young lawyers	plural	plural	plural	approves	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that avoid the small carpenters admire the miserable poets	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that avoid the ecstatic doctors approve the miserable mothers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old fathers that avoid the happy uncles observe the joyful victims	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large fathers that avoid the old women greet the young teachers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that confuse the big farmers remember the huge girls	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large fathers that confuse the big guys understand the sad victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that confuse the sad poets know the small mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that confuse the joyful victims engage the ecstatic men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that criticize the small farmers discourage the old boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large fathers that criticize the ecstatic farmers stimulate the young carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big fathers that criticize the large guys engage the old singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that criticize the sad singers inspire the small poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that criticize the little teachers understand the old boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that encourage the miserable boys greet the big athletes	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that encourage the happy singers discourage the tiny doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy fathers that encourage the big victims discourage the sad women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that engage the ecstatic boys know the young friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that greet the small boys inspire the tiny uncles	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The small fathers that greet the old mothers understand the joyful athletes	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that greet the miserable poets engage the tiny farmers	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The large fathers that inspire the sad aunts observe the old friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that inspire the old doctors greet the miserable singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large fathers that inspire the small doctors know the old poets	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that inspire the joyful farmers confuse the happy singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that inspire the small kids greet the miserable athletes	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that inspire the large men discourage the miserable farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that inspire the small mothers remember the young farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that inspire the happy teachers confuse the ecstatic guys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that know the young mothers remember the large poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that know the miserable mothers understand the young farmers	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little fathers that know the young teachers encourage the large guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that know the large women discourage the big farmers	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small fathers that remember the little girls criticize the huge athletes	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge fathers that remember the old girls inspire the small men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that remember the large singers engage the ecstatic men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that stimulate the miserable kids criticize the happy aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad fathers that stimulate the ecstatic uncles inspire the joyful guys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that understand the sad athletes stimulate the old kids	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic fathers that understand the young farmers engage the little guys	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny fathers that understand the huge guys discourage the big farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young fathers that understand the ecstatic poets criticize the sad friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful fathers that understand the ecstatic victims engage the happy farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable fathers that understand the ecstatic women confuse the happy teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that admire the joyful men greet the young teachers	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that approve the tiny guys encourage the huge doctors	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old friends that approve the ecstatic kids encourage the tiny fathers	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that approve the little lawyers observe the joyful girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that avoid the huge kids discourage the old girls	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old friends that avoid the ecstatic victims discourage the tiny girls	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that confuse the little doctors understand the old carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that confuse the large farmers understand the little uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that confuse the old poets know the sad lawyers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that criticize the little boys approve the huge farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that criticize the joyful boys inspire the small farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large friends that criticize the tiny carpenters avoid the miserable lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friends that criticize the small farmers encourage the young fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that criticize the tiny fathers observe the ecstatic teachers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that criticize the big guys remember the tiny aunts	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large friends that criticize the tiny men inspire the miserable singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that criticize the miserable poets observe the tiny fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that criticize the large teachers inspire the old uncles	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that criticize the tiny uncles inspire the small girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that criticize the huge uncles inspire the miserable poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that criticize the little victims engage the huge aunts	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that criticize the little women greet the miserable fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that discourage the big boys encourage the joyful lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that discourage the old farmers encourage the miserable uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that discourage the young women remember the sad doctors	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that encourage the big aunts observe the sad fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old friends that encourage the huge carpenters greet the large teachers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that encourage the huge doctors avoid the old men	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that encourage the miserable farmers discourage the ecstatic victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that encourage the miserable guys approve the big victims	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that encourage the tiny kids greet the miserable singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that encourage the ecstatic singers inspire the old doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that encourage the old women discourage the happy girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful friends that engage the happy aunts avoid the small victims	plural	plural	plural	engages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that engage the sad carpenters admire the joyful athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that engage the huge singers greet the ecstatic carpenters	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that engage the old uncles observe the little lawyers	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic friends that greet the little fathers admire the huge men	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that greet the tiny guys avoid the small aunts	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little friends that greet the big women criticize the happy girls	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that inspire the big fathers encourage the ecstatic mothers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that inspire the ecstatic girls admire the young guys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny friends that inspire the large lawyers discourage the young girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that inspire the happy mothers engage the little poets	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy friends that know the young athletes approve the tiny carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that know the tiny boys avoid the miserable kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that know the miserable boys greet the joyful aunts	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable friends that know the old carpenters remember the tiny lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friends that know the little guys stimulate the joyful boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that observe the happy athletes criticize the joyful kids	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young friends that observe the ecstatic boys avoid the huge carpenters	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that remember the miserable guys know the big girls	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge friends that remember the young teachers criticize the small singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that stimulate the old boys criticize the little fathers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little friends that stimulate the big singers greet the huge carpenters	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big friends that understand the large guys criticize the huge lawyers	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small friends that understand the joyful men know the miserable lawyers	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad friends that understand the joyful poets inspire the happy victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large girls that admire the young carpenters stimulate the sad guys	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that admire the ecstatic farmers know the miserable mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that admire the joyful uncles know the old guys	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that admire the big victims observe the tiny athletes	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that approve the big fathers stimulate the young poets	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that avoid the ecstatic carpenters greet the miserable teachers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girls that avoid the sad doctors stimulate the big victims	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The little girls that avoid the joyful kids remember the small men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young girls that avoid the large mothers confuse the huge uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little girls that confuse the joyful teachers greet the young carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that confuse the big uncles stimulate the large teachers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large girls that criticize the old athletes encourage the tiny guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old girls that criticize the tiny farmers understand the young carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little girls that criticize the old guys admire the happy doctors	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big girls that criticize the young mothers remember the little victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large girls that criticize the joyful singers approve the sad carpenters	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old girls that discourage the ecstatic athletes remember the small poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girls that discourage the big carpenters inspire the ecstatic aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that discourage the huge men engage the little doctors	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that discourage the old singers admire the ecstatic farmers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny girls that encourage the young singers criticize the ecstatic farmers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that encourage the sad teachers criticize the big guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy girls that engage the huge athletes know the sad doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that engage the joyful friends understand the ecstatic doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that engage the sad victims observe the happy teachers	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that greet the ecstatic lawyers inspire the big doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that inspire the large athletes confuse the small boys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that inspire the ecstatic carpenters criticize the huge kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The big girls that inspire the tiny poets know the little men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large girls that observe the young men avoid the tiny lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little girls that remember the happy athletes approve the huge fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable girls that remember the huge boys inspire the joyful uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge girls that remember the happy boys stimulate the old guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic girls that remember the joyful kids approve the miserable boys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that remember the little poets approve the old fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad girls that remember the joyful teachers avoid the huge lawyers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small girls that stimulate the large aunts understand the happy boys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small girls that stimulate the tiny carpenters engage the large farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young girls that stimulate the old friends avoid the small mothers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small girls that stimulate the sad guys know the large teachers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The old girls that stimulate the happy victims remember the small friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful girls that understand the young guys admire the little farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that admire the joyful aunts approve the miserable fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that admire the tiny carpenters discourage the young uncles	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large guys that admire the huge fathers greet the little farmers	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that admire the ecstatic poets discourage the sad doctors	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guys that admire the old uncles encourage the ecstatic carpenters	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that approve the large friends engage the sad athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big guys that approve the happy mothers stimulate the tiny victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guys that approve the miserable women engage the old carpenters	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guys that avoid the miserable athletes stimulate the old boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that avoid the little women discourage the old girls	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that confuse the large boys engage the young fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guys that confuse the tiny carpenters admire the big doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that confuse the sad doctors criticize the huge fathers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that confuse the miserable fathers know the small doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The large guys that confuse the old fathers observe the little athletes	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big guys that confuse the joyful lawyers inspire the happy aunts	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that criticize the old carpenters engage the large friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that criticize the big girls inspire the young women	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guys that criticize the old men greet the young teachers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old guys that criticize the tiny singers observe the big boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that criticize the huge victims stimulate the large women	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guys that discourage the miserable carpenters inspire the tiny farmers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old guys that discourage the tiny farmers understand the small poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guys that discourage the miserable friends know the tiny kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that discourage the joyful mothers engage the big uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that discourage the big singers remember the little victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that discourage the ecstatic singers stimulate the tiny farmers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large guys that encourage the young carpenters observe the huge mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old guys that encourage the little men engage the young doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that encourage the sad singers observe the little girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful guys that greet the ecstatic carpenters inspire the big doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that greet the large doctors observe the huge fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that greet the joyful girls know the huge teachers	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guys that greet the young kids observe the big boys	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny guys that greet the small men avoid the joyful singers	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The sad guys that greet the little teachers understand the ecstatic boys	plural	plural	plural	greets	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that inspire the happy friends observe the ecstatic doctors	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that inspire the ecstatic singers understand the big doctors	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guys that know the sad girls criticize the big doctors	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that know the joyful lawyers avoid the happy athletes	plural	plural	plural	knows	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that know the little singers confuse the happy women	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that observe the joyful uncles criticize the large men	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge guys that remember the happy poets avoid the ecstatic athletes	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that stimulate the joyful boys encourage the ecstatic poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic guys that stimulate the joyful doctors know the tiny women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young guys that stimulate the sad poets avoid the large women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable guys that stimulate the little poets know the joyful carpenters	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The old guys that stimulate the young teachers approve the huge men	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that understand the ecstatic aunts discourage the miserable boys	plural	plural	plural	understands	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy guys that understand the joyful mothers greet the small aunts	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small guys that understand the little poets observe the old girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old kids that admire the young boys remember the happy uncles	plural	plural	plural	admires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that admire the large doctors inspire the ecstatic fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that admire the big poets inspire the happy mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that admire the little teachers understand the ecstatic doctors	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that approve the young athletes engage the old men	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that approve the big carpenters encourage the old mothers	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that approve the happy singers engage the miserable victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that avoid the big fathers discourage the small teachers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kids that confuse the tiny athletes discourage the sad aunts	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that confuse the ecstatic athletes encourage the sad victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little kids that confuse the joyful boys know the miserable singers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kids that confuse the young boys stimulate the large friends	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that confuse the large carpenters criticize the tiny athletes	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that confuse the joyful fathers avoid the happy poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big kids that criticize the old farmers greet the tiny girls	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kids that criticize the huge friends encourage the tiny teachers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that criticize the huge uncles engage the happy boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little kids that discourage the young doctors avoid the tiny victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that discourage the young doctors stimulate the joyful singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kids that discourage the old teachers greet the little singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that encourage the joyful singers remember the sad guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that encourage the miserable teachers greet the big uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kids that encourage the small teachers understand the happy lawyers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that encourage the miserable uncles remember the small women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that engage the miserable carpenters know the happy uncles	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that engage the huge fathers inspire the joyful doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that greet the huge aunts remember the happy doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The big kids that greet the miserable fathers stimulate the happy friends	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that inspire the young boys engage the big teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The little kids that inspire the joyful friends approve the young fathers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that know the old boys stimulate the ecstatic victims	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy kids that know the old doctors engage the large carpenters	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The large kids that know the ecstatic fathers engage the joyful girls	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that know the young girls observe the huge guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that know the huge singers remember the little lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The old kids that observe the huge athletes encourage the tiny women	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that observe the little doctors confuse the miserable lawyers	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kids that observe the miserable men discourage the sad women	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that remember the small athletes discourage the little teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that remember the tiny fathers encourage the ecstatic athletes	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small kids that remember the happy lawyers understand the huge girls	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge kids that remember the big mothers observe the miserable athletes	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic kids that remember the happy victims avoid the joyful carpenters	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little kids that remember the happy victims inspire the miserable poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big kids that stimulate the sad aunts approve the large teachers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young kids that stimulate the ecstatic doctors encourage the huge singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old kids that stimulate the big teachers avoid the little mothers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that stimulate the ecstatic uncles approve the old singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable kids that understand the happy athletes inspire the sad doctors	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that understand the old mothers confuse the young lawyers	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny kids that understand the big poets avoid the young farmers	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful kids that understand the small poets stimulate the tiny uncles	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad kids that understand the tiny women know the happy lawyers	plural	plural	plural	understands	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that admire the big kids understand the miserable boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that approve the happy carpenters criticize the huge mothers	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that approve the old carpenters greet the tiny singers	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that approve the miserable kids engage the old girls	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that approve the big mothers avoid the tiny athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that avoid the huge men remember the joyful poets	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that avoid the little mothers remember the big women	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young lawyers that avoid the little mothers understand the old men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that avoid the joyful singers criticize the large poets	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that avoid the huge teachers confuse the miserable farmers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that avoid the tiny victims confuse the joyful fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that confuse the ecstatic guys admire the young mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that confuse the huge guys understand the young girls	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that criticize the ecstatic carpenters observe the miserable women	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that criticize the big victims discourage the small athletes	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large lawyers that discourage the sad men greet the small uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that discourage the happy women greet the joyful victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that encourage the old athletes admire the huge poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that encourage the ecstatic boys avoid the large mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that encourage the ecstatic farmers observe the little doctors	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that encourage the big guys confuse the miserable singers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that encourage the ecstatic mothers greet the happy aunts	plural	plural	plural	encourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that encourage the old teachers observe the miserable women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic lawyers that engage the miserable aunts observe the big friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small lawyers that engage the sad women greet the young athletes	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that greet the big doctors encourage the small poets	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that greet the miserable fathers discourage the young boys	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that greet the happy men inspire the huge doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge lawyers that greet the miserable teachers avoid the young aunts	plural	plural	plural	greets	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that inspire the big farmers observe the little uncles	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that know the small aunts criticize the big fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that know the ecstatic boys greet the miserable kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy lawyers that know the little singers remember the large friends	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that observe the old doctors greet the ecstatic poets	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable lawyers that observe the ecstatic men encourage the little friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that remember the little aunts admire the small guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful lawyers that remember the small boys avoid the sad singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that remember the large guys encourage the small doctors	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad lawyers that remember the miserable kids admire the old singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny lawyers that stimulate the old carpenters confuse the big girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that stimulate the miserable friends remember the joyful poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The little lawyers that stimulate the large mothers avoid the sad kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The old lawyers that understand the huge boys remember the tiny poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy men that admire the old lawyers observe the small athletes	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable men that approve the old teachers criticize the happy athletes	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny men that approve the large teachers greet the old guys	plural	plural	plural	approves	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that approve the tiny victims avoid the large teachers	plural	plural	plural	approves	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that avoid the young carpenters criticize the old women	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The big men that avoid the sad guys admire the small doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young men that avoid the large mothers encourage the huge teachers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that avoid the big victims engage the small lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small men that confuse the little carpenters inspire the miserable mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad men that confuse the ecstatic singers know the joyful kids	plural	plural	plural	confuses	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that confuse the little women admire the small victims	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy men that confuse the young women avoid the large aunts	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful men that criticize the old aunts confuse the sad fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The sad men that criticize the huge farmers discourage the little guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big men that criticize the ecstatic fathers avoid the sad kids	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large men that criticize the big mothers admire the miserable poets	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad men that criticize the tiny teachers remember the old fathers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that criticize the big uncles greet the young mothers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that discourage the large aunts admire the huge poets	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that discourage the ecstatic boys engage the happy lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny men that discourage the happy friends engage the small boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad men that discourage the ecstatic lawyers criticize the huge kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that discourage the old uncles admire the miserable friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that encourage the joyful boys discourage the large carpenters	plural	plural	plural	encourages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young men that encourage the joyful carpenters approve the small poets	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad men that encourage the tiny carpenters inspire the ecstatic athletes	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big men that engage the tiny boys observe the ecstatic singers	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that engage the large carpenters discourage the huge lawyers	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that engage the small doctors know the ecstatic lawyers	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny men that engage the miserable lawyers encourage the happy uncles	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little men that greet the large kids engage the ecstatic singers	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful men that greet the ecstatic lawyers remember the tiny fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The young men that greet the happy victims observe the joyful boys	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big men that inspire the ecstatic singers observe the joyful farmers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that inspire the big teachers confuse the small singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful men that inspire the ecstatic uncles discourage the miserable doctors	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that inspire the large women admire the huge carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small men that know the sad teachers stimulate the little victims	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful men that observe the happy farmers know the small teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small men that observe the young lawyers greet the tiny doctors	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that observe the joyful uncles know the happy boys	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that observe the large women discourage the sad carpenters	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small men that remember the joyful athletes avoid the old teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The old men that remember the joyful carpenters observe the young girls	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that remember the miserable doctors greet the little teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable men that remember the sad doctors observe the tiny victims	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy men that remember the miserable fathers discourage the joyful friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large men that remember the small kids engage the old friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge men that remember the small kids stimulate the tiny teachers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic men that remember the large poets criticize the miserable women	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny men that stimulate the young aunts greet the big farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The young men that stimulate the joyful teachers confuse the big aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The large men that stimulate the little uncles greet the big mothers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that admire the tiny fathers avoid the happy girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that admire the large friends encourage the sad farmers	plural	plural	plural	admires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that admire the joyful friends inspire the big girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that approve the old men remember the happy women	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that approve the sad singers inspire the happy carpenters	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that approve the old women engage the young aunts	plural	plural	plural	approves	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small mothers that avoid the young fathers greet the tiny boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that avoid the little women remember the large uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The big mothers that confuse the large lawyers remember the miserable singers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that confuse the happy poets understand the old men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The big mothers that criticize the young fathers admire the happy boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big mothers that criticize the old fathers confuse the sad teachers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that criticize the tiny men discourage the small friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that discourage the small athletes admire the happy guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big mothers that discourage the sad doctors know the joyful kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small mothers that discourage the big farmers encourage the sad lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that discourage the sad fathers approve the tiny uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young mothers that discourage the miserable friends criticize the old teachers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that encourage the tiny athletes approve the happy kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that encourage the sad boys approve the miserable guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that encourage the big doctors admire the miserable girls	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that encourage the joyful men inspire the miserable kids	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The small mothers that engage the little athletes approve the happy guys	plural	plural	plural	engages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young mothers that engage the large girls remember the tiny boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that engage the big guys discourage the ecstatic farmers	plural	plural	plural	engages	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that engage the happy men admire the joyful kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that greet the huge athletes discourage the small doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic mothers that greet the happy boys criticize the tiny uncles	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The small mothers that greet the huge friends criticize the ecstatic aunts	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge mothers that greet the young lawyers admire the ecstatic guys	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young mothers that inspire the large friends confuse the miserable men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that inspire the big men avoid the young aunts	plural	plural	plural	inspires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that know the ecstatic aunts understand the old athletes	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that know the huge boys admire the young men	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big mothers that know the small guys greet the joyful boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that know the sad guys greet the joyful fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that know the young lawyers stimulate the ecstatic fathers	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy mothers that know the young men engage the huge guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The small mothers that observe the young aunts know the old girls	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that observe the large friends approve the old athletes	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The large mothers that observe the small singers stimulate the happy teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that remember the young athletes avoid the large girls	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The young mothers that remember the sad kids discourage the small poets	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad mothers that remember the happy men observe the big guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful mothers that remember the old singers avoid the small women	plural	plural	plural	remembers	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that remember the ecstatic teachers criticize the joyful boys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that stimulate the sad athletes admire the ecstatic singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny mothers that stimulate the happy boys observe the little men	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old mothers that stimulate the young doctors inspire the little uncles	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that stimulate the huge guys discourage the sad boys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that stimulate the young poets admire the large women	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable mothers that stimulate the huge victims know the young singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that understand the joyful fathers confuse the young victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small mothers that understand the joyful lawyers approve the large kids	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little mothers that understand the joyful teachers observe the large athletes	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small poets that admire the large carpenters confuse the happy farmers	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that admire the joyful farmers engage the tiny lawyers	plural	plural	plural	admires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that admire the huge lawyers inspire the joyful victims	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old poets that admire the sad men avoid the small singers	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that admire the happy mothers inspire the joyful women	plural	plural	plural	admires	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big poets that admire the ecstatic teachers observe the happy men	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that approve the tiny lawyers inspire the old uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The old poets that approve the young singers inspire the huge uncles	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poets that approve the young women stimulate the miserable farmers	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big poets that avoid the joyful athletes engage the sad fathers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poets that avoid the small doctors understand the tiny farmers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that avoid the joyful farmers stimulate the huge uncles	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poets that avoid the large singers remember the huge teachers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that avoid the joyful women discourage the ecstatic doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that confuse the sad men understand the small kids	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that criticize the happy fathers observe the old singers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that criticize the miserable girls admire the sad lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that discourage the tiny farmers confuse the old kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that discourage the huge farmers observe the young uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poets that discourage the little kids avoid the small uncles	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The old poets that discourage the large kids remember the young men	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that discourage the large teachers engage the big friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poets that discourage the tiny women admire the little friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poets that encourage the happy athletes engage the ecstatic lawyers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poets that encourage the big kids know the large fathers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poets that engage the small boys confuse the little victims	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that engage the old carpenters encourage the happy kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that engage the huge farmers greet the sad fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that engage the miserable girls observe the large mothers	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that engage the joyful uncles observe the happy carpenters	plural	plural	plural	engages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that engage the old women greet the sad fathers	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The small poets that greet the tiny doctors engage the ecstatic fathers	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poets that greet the miserable girls admire the large lawyers	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that greet the small guys admire the happy carpenters	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that greet the miserable men stimulate the huge kids	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small poets that inspire the tiny athletes greet the sad men	plural	plural	plural	inspires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic poets that know the sad fathers engage the large victims	plural	plural	plural	knows	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poets that know the big fathers observe the little uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that know the old friends approve the small doctors	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny poets that know the happy friends inspire the miserable men	plural	plural	plural	knows	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poets that know the ecstatic friends stimulate the tiny girls	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poets that know the young friends understand the little kids	plural	plural	plural	knows	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The sad poets that know the tiny lawyers admire the old women	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big poets that observe the joyful doctors understand the old fathers	plural	plural	plural	observes	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that observe the joyful fathers know the old aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that observe the little singers approve the happy kids	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that observe the small uncles greet the tiny friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big poets that remember the ecstatic girls discourage the sad carpenters	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that remember the little teachers inspire the old boys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful poets that remember the small uncles observe the huge singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old poets that stimulate the miserable fathers greet the happy kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old poets that stimulate the miserable kids avoid the ecstatic farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that stimulate the miserable lawyers engage the tiny aunts	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable poets that stimulate the sad singers criticize the tiny girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that understand the big carpenters criticize the huge victims	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little poets that understand the large doctors engage the big friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big poets that understand the happy farmers remember the large singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large poets that understand the young kids criticize the tiny men	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge poets that understand the sad lawyers observe the miserable boys	plural	plural	plural	understands	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The old poets that understand the young lawyers stimulate the small girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The happy poets that understand the tiny singers confuse the big mothers	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young poets that understand the huge teachers confuse the sad doctors	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that admire the small carpenters know the joyful aunts	plural	plural	plural	admires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singers that admire the joyful fathers discourage the little lawyers	plural	plural	plural	admires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that approve the big carpenters criticize the young boys	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that approve the ecstatic doctors know the small kids	plural	plural	plural	approves	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that approve the young doctors stimulate the tiny victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that avoid the miserable aunts discourage the old guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that avoid the old farmers understand the ecstatic poets	plural	plural	plural	avoids	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singers that avoid the ecstatic fathers stimulate the miserable poets	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that avoid the sad guys confuse the small doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small singers that avoid the old teachers approve the miserable guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that avoid the large victims stimulate the small women	plural	plural	plural	avoids	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The small singers that confuse the happy athletes admire the ecstatic uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big singers that confuse the sad friends engage the ecstatic uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that criticize the young doctors discourage the small uncles	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little singers that criticize the happy doctors know the tiny lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that criticize the happy lawyers greet the little guys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that discourage the ecstatic aunts inspire the joyful boys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that discourage the big kids remember the huge friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that encourage the small friends stimulate the miserable guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big singers that encourage the ecstatic poets avoid the young friends	plural	plural	plural	encourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful singers that engage the old aunts know the miserable women	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The old singers that engage the joyful mothers encourage the sad farmers	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that engage the huge teachers confuse the sad guys	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singers that greet the ecstatic athletes admire the tiny victims	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large singers that greet the ecstatic aunts admire the joyful farmers	plural	plural	plural	greets	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big singers that greet the miserable friends observe the old doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small singers that greet the happy women stimulate the miserable teachers	plural	plural	plural	greets	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that inspire the little guys observe the joyful kids	plural	plural	plural	inspires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large singers that inspire the little victims remember the sad friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad singers that know the little athletes admire the old farmers	plural	plural	plural	knows	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that know the small lawyers stimulate the miserable doctors	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic singers that observe the small girls know the young farmers	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young singers that observe the ecstatic men greet the large uncles	plural	plural	plural	observes	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy singers that remember the young friends encourage the ecstatic athletes	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that stimulate the happy farmers discourage the joyful poets	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small singers that stimulate the joyful fathers inspire the miserable men	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge singers that understand the old teachers inspire the small girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable singers that understand the big women criticize the small girls	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that admire the small aunts avoid the sad women	plural	plural	plural	admires	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big teachers that admire the sad men greet the young boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The huge teachers that approve the big athletes encourage the small victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that approve the miserable friends criticize the sad victims	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that approve the miserable uncles remember the sad kids	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that approve the little victims confuse the ecstatic lawyers	plural	plural	plural	approves	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that avoid the young doctors know the huge carpenters	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The big teachers that avoid the ecstatic fathers admire the sad boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young teachers that avoid the huge friends confuse the happy lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that avoid the large guys confuse the tiny carpenters	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young teachers that avoid the old lawyers engage the large boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that avoid the tiny poets greet the ecstatic aunts	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The old teachers that avoid the large poets greet the happy victims	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that confuse the young athletes greet the large carpenters	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that confuse the happy girls understand the miserable farmers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that confuse the huge men stimulate the large kids	plural	plural	plural	confuses	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that confuse the old victims admire the tiny women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The small teachers that criticize the ecstatic athletes approve the young lawyers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The happy teachers that criticize the sad kids inspire the little boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The young teachers that discourage the small fathers avoid the tiny guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The big teachers that discourage the tiny friends approve the little fathers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The young teachers that discourage the happy friends approve the little singers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that discourage the happy mothers criticize the huge lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that encourage the sad friends inspire the old boys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that encourage the huge poets criticize the tiny athletes	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young teachers that encourage the little victims observe the miserable uncles	plural	plural	plural	encourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that engage the large lawyers encourage the little women	plural	plural	plural	engages	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable teachers that greet the old fathers confuse the big guys	plural	plural	plural	greets	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that greet the ecstatic guys criticize the old aunts	plural	plural	plural	greets	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that greet the big poets approve the joyful carpenters	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that inspire the large kids stimulate the small carpenters	plural	plural	plural	inspires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The young teachers that inspire the huge singers engage the little uncles	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that inspire the happy victims confuse the little aunts	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old teachers that inspire the ecstatic victims confuse the tiny uncles	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young teachers that know the large men observe the joyful singers	plural	plural	plural	knows	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big teachers that know the tiny mothers remember the huge uncles	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that know the huge women confuse the miserable lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that observe the big farmers encourage the little guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that observe the tiny friends confuse the miserable boys	plural	plural	plural	observes	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The little teachers that remember the ecstatic athletes know the large aunts	plural	plural	plural	remembers	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The sad teachers that remember the huge carpenters admire the ecstatic women	plural	plural	plural	remembers	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that remember the ecstatic uncles approve the small men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old teachers that stimulate the young fathers criticize the joyful kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic teachers that stimulate the sad friends approve the little athletes	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that stimulate the joyful guys avoid the huge girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that stimulate the little kids understand the small boys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The large teachers that stimulate the miserable lawyers approve the huge farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful teachers that stimulate the ecstatic uncles criticize the young friends	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny teachers that stimulate the large women greet the happy guys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The big teachers that understand the ecstatic uncles greet the joyful singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that admire the young doctors greet the huge girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncles that admire the ecstatic victims confuse the huge mothers	plural	plural	plural	admires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young uncles that approve the small athletes understand the sad friends	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that approve the ecstatic aunts criticize the small men	plural	plural	plural	approves	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that approve the small farmers inspire the happy men	plural	plural	plural	approves	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncles that avoid the joyful doctors engage the happy guys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that avoid the joyful kids greet the big men	plural	plural	plural	avoids	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that avoid the old women observe the sad farmers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncles that confuse the small carpenters approve the large boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that confuse the large friends criticize the tiny guys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that confuse the ecstatic singers observe the sad kids	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big uncles that criticize the happy teachers admire the huge aunts	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that criticize the happy women know the little boys	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that discourage the little carpenters admire the big athletes	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that discourage the small lawyers avoid the miserable men	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that encourage the miserable boys admire the tiny mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that engage the tiny guys criticize the ecstatic doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that engage the ecstatic mothers confuse the miserable friends	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that greet the joyful aunts engage the sad women	plural	plural	plural	greets	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that greet the huge lawyers encourage the miserable doctors	plural	plural	plural	greets	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that greet the ecstatic men approve the young carpenters	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable uncles that inspire the young athletes criticize the big singers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that inspire the ecstatic poets understand the tiny teachers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny uncles that inspire the sad singers know the little guys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that know the sad carpenters discourage the huge girls	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The sad uncles that know the little farmers stimulate the old men	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that know the little kids remember the small lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large uncles that know the huge singers stimulate the young athletes	plural	plural	plural	knows	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that observe the big carpenters avoid the joyful athletes	plural	plural	plural	observes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that observe the little lawyers inspire the large doctors	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful uncles that remember the big singers criticize the miserable farmers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy uncles that stimulate the joyful guys observe the miserable singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little uncles that stimulate the miserable men understand the joyful teachers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old uncles that stimulate the little victims observe the joyful kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge uncles that understand the old aunts inspire the tiny friends	plural	plural	plural	understands	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic uncles that understand the tiny guys criticize the small teachers	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that admire the small uncles understand the miserable fathers	plural	plural	plural	admires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that approve the sad carpenters understand the joyful lawyers	plural	plural	plural	approves	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that approve the old guys remember the miserable mothers	plural	plural	plural	approves	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victims that avoid the big boys confuse the old lawyers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that confuse the old doctors encourage the small men	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that confuse the tiny farmers understand the small uncles	plural	plural	plural	confuses	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that confuse the ecstatic fathers discourage the miserable doctors	plural	plural	plural	confuses	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that confuse the huge girls observe the sad poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The little victims that confuse the sad singers approve the happy women	plural	plural	plural	confuses	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victims that criticize the old boys encourage the happy friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The small victims that criticize the huge lawyers avoid the big farmers	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that discourage the ecstatic boys confuse the big mothers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that discourage the happy mothers confuse the old lawyers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The old victims that discourage the miserable poets avoid the ecstatic doctors	plural	plural	plural	discourages	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that discourage the little uncles inspire the big guys	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that discourage the little women admire the joyful girls	plural	plural	plural	discourages	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that encourage the ecstatic doctors criticize the little women	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that encourage the miserable men confuse the little mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that encourage the ecstatic poets engage the happy men	plural	plural	plural	encourages	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The old victims that encourage the sad teachers stimulate the joyful guys	plural	plural	plural	encourages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The big victims that engage the joyful athletes criticize the little boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large victims that engage the little boys greet the huge girls	plural	plural	plural	engages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that engage the huge doctors understand the happy women	plural	plural	plural	engages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The small victims that engage the young singers know the big men	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small victims that engage the joyful women stimulate the ecstatic carpenters	plural	plural	plural	engages	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large victims that inspire the young fathers criticize the small women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that inspire the old fathers know the ecstatic women	plural	plural	plural	inspires	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that inspire the ecstatic uncles criticize the large friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that inspire the large women encourage the big fathers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that know the little boys encourage the young men	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that know the ecstatic carpenters criticize the happy lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that know the ecstatic men approve the joyful boys	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that know the large mothers approve the young lawyers	plural	plural	plural	knows	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victims that know the tiny mothers encourage the sad guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The big victims that know the ecstatic uncles greet the happy teachers	plural	plural	plural	knows	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victims that observe the large boys stimulate the ecstatic men	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The sad victims that observe the happy carpenters discourage the little guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victims that observe the tiny carpenters engage the little aunts	plural	plural	plural	observes	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that observe the sad mothers admire the huge fathers	plural	plural	plural	observes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The little victims that observe the old poets criticize the young men	plural	plural	plural	observes	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful victims that remember the huge aunts encourage the old boys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old victims that remember the little boys engage the sad guys	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that remember the small fathers approve the big carpenters	plural	plural	plural	remembers	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The large victims that remember the tiny girls inspire the happy fathers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that remember the tiny guys observe the young friends	plural	plural	plural	remembers	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big victims that remember the old kids encourage the huge girls	plural	plural	plural	remembers	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that remember the joyful men engage the old uncles	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that remember the small singers criticize the sad mothers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The young victims that stimulate the happy aunts discourage the ecstatic boys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The happy victims that stimulate the small friends inspire the miserable doctors	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The huge victims that stimulate the little girls inspire the miserable singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny victims that stimulate the sad guys observe the old kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big victims that stimulate the joyful singers admire the huge girls	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The big victims that stimulate the sad teachers engage the young carpenters	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The miserable victims that understand the ecstatic mothers avoid the huge fathers	plural	plural	plural	understands	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic victims that understand the sad teachers approve the little aunts	plural	plural	plural	understands	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that admire the miserable poets stimulate the happy farmers	plural	plural	plural	admires	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that admire the happy singers greet the old girls	plural	plural	plural	admires	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful women that admire the tiny teachers observe the little boys	plural	plural	plural	admires	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The big women that avoid the sad boys criticize the little mothers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that avoid the young friends approve the large singers	plural	plural	plural	avoids	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that avoid the miserable lawyers admire the large doctors	plural	plural	plural	avoids	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The young women that avoid the big teachers know the miserable boys	plural	plural	plural	avoids	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that confuse the big aunts encourage the ecstatic boys	plural	plural	plural	confuses	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The young women that confuse the big teachers avoid the large poets	plural	plural	plural	confuses	avoids
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that confuse the huge victims greet the old mothers	plural	plural	plural	confuses	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that criticize the happy kids observe the miserable aunts	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that criticize the ecstatic mothers admire the large friends	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that criticize the little singers inspire the joyful victims	plural	plural	plural	criticizes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that discourage the big doctors greet the small friends	plural	plural	plural	discourages	greets
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful women that discourage the young farmers inspire the miserable aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful women that discourage the huge farmers observe the big kids	plural	plural	plural	discourages	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The small women that discourage the tiny fathers understand the huge victims	plural	plural	plural	discourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The young women that discourage the tiny friends confuse the sad aunts	plural	plural	plural	discourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that discourage the sad victims inspire the ecstatic farmers	plural	plural	plural	discourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that encourage the large farmers criticize the big mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that encourage the joyful farmers inspire the ecstatic men	plural	plural	plural	encourages	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that encourage the joyful kids confuse the happy mothers	plural	plural	plural	encourages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that encourage the big kids understand the huge friends	plural	plural	plural	encourages	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that engage the sad aunts know the old boys	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The huge women that engage the sad doctors confuse the old kids	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small women that engage the tiny kids know the little poets	plural	plural	plural	engages	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that engage the small poets confuse the big teachers	plural	plural	plural	engages	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The young women that engage the tiny victims remember the old doctors	plural	plural	plural	engages	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that greet the big girls know the sad uncles	plural	plural	plural	greets	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that greet the miserable teachers approve the old friends	plural	plural	plural	greets	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The joyful women that inspire the tiny athletes discourage the young aunts	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that inspire the large carpenters understand the big boys	plural	plural	plural	inspires	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The huge women that inspire the big fathers admire the happy friends	plural	plural	plural	inspires	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that inspire the large girls confuse the old poets	plural	plural	plural	inspires	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that inspire the huge guys criticize the tiny athletes	plural	plural	plural	inspires	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The huge women that inspire the young men discourage the tiny girls	plural	plural	plural	inspires	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that inspire the small men engage the huge fathers	plural	plural	plural	inspires	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that know the happy farmers confuse the huge mothers	plural	plural	plural	knows	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The sad women that know the small kids remember the ecstatic guys	plural	plural	plural	knows	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that know the happy uncles discourage the old poets	plural	plural	plural	knows	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that observe the little doctors inspire the huge singers	plural	plural	plural	observes	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that observe the happy farmers stimulate the sad teachers	plural	plural	plural	observes	stimulates
subjrel_that_adj	The ecstatic women that observe the big girls approve the happy guys	plural	plural	plural	observes	approves
subjrel_that_adj	The small women that observe the young men know the joyful friends	plural	plural	plural	observes	knows
subjrel_that_adj	The small women that remember the happy friends discourage the little men	plural	plural	plural	remembers	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that remember the young lawyers engage the ecstatic singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The big women that remember the tiny poets understand the joyful singers	plural	plural	plural	remembers	understands
subjrel_that_adj	The old women that remember the sad uncles engage the ecstatic girls	plural	plural	plural	remembers	engages
subjrel_that_adj	The huge women that remember the tiny victims inspire the little doctors	plural	plural	plural	remembers	inspires
subjrel_that_adj	The young women that stimulate the happy friends discourage the joyful men	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	discourages
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that stimulate the miserable girls encourage the huge singers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	encourages
subjrel_that_adj	The little women that stimulate the joyful guys observe the miserable farmers	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	observes
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that stimulate the sad teachers remember the small kids	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	remembers
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that stimulate the big victims criticize the miserable guys	plural	plural	plural	stimulates	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The tiny women that understand the large carpenters criticize the big singers	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
subjrel_that_adj	The happy women that understand the huge girls confuse the small mothers	plural	plural	plural	understands	confuses
subjrel_that_adj	The small women that understand the joyful kids admire the tiny lawyers	plural	plural	plural	understands	admires
subjrel_that_adj	The large women that understand the young victims criticize the sad poets	plural	plural	plural	understands	criticizes
